the kiss me not killer... obsession. Was going to cost you That psycho murdered two women. Kiss me not-- He's back. This time we'll stop him. The fbi is taking over the case. Those were my files. I'm the one who filled out the profile on that monster.</i> I stared i Lindsay, this obsession is costing you, a lot. Agent john ash. We've had some new developments. We think you might be his next victim.</i> ±¾×öä»½ö¹©ñ§ï°½»á÷£¬ñï½ûóãóúéìòµóãí¾ (Ash) you're, uh, slow today. Maybe you're not sleeping well. Really? Do you have to talk to me?</i> Disturbed r.E.M. Patterns are common side effect of fear. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Okay, the only thing that i fear Is that while you've been lurking around my apartment For the past nine days, the kiss me not killer Is out there looking for his next victim. The fbi believes the next victim is you. Because he sent a picture of me with xs on my lips? He is looking for attention, Or he's creating a distraction. Either way, cruising me while i jog is not gonna find him. (Cell phone ringing) which is why you should stop playing coy And agree to help me with the case. Boxer. Hi. What is it? Okay, i'll be right there. (Beep) i spent five years on this case. Now it's your turn. I've profiled dozens of serial killers. They rarely make idle threats, inspector boxer. Good thing i sleep with a gun under my pillow. Come on. Come on. (Makes kissing sound) Come on. Your usual. What's this info you couldn't share over the phone? I need $200... in addition to my burgers. It's a bargain, believe me. 10% down. Don't push it. Follow me. Come on. Okay, how about a hint for my $20? Just hang on, will you? We're almost there. You been taking your meds? Meds? No. Where are we going, skeet? Just come in here, please. There's someone that i want you to meet. Okay. Who? Him. Whoa! -=Ææàãðü×öä»×é=-!·­òë£º¸öèëid ð£¶ô£º¸öèëid ê±¼äöá:âóâó&ô¼¿ë</font> No, i really liked it, too. Man, it hurts just lookin' at it--I mean him. "Silas spaulding." 41. I... i guess he was making a delivery. 2003 château chel blanc. That's about $400 a pop. Well, skeet found the head down the street. It must have rolled or... bounced. The man finda severed head, picks it up and takes it? Tell me you didn't give him money again. Wow, dismemberment by vehicle, And--And judging by those yaw marks, This wasn't just some random hit-And-Run. I mean, somebody was angry enough at this guy To hit him a few times. Did i mention how much i love having tom out of town? Well, you know,??? With a tan and a wedding ring. I'm gonna go check in with jill. Well, thanks for your help. Uh, unis canvassed the whole block. I'd start taking affidavits, but nobody saw anything. Re you just flirting with him? Have i mentioned how happy i am??? Every day since you moved out of luke's apartment. Hey, i love my life, except this part. This part sucks. Hey! Is it true that a homeless guy found a head? Hey! Yeah. Let's not make it sound like a good thing. It's terrible thin it's also front-Page material. Ooh. Oh! God. Cadaver dog found this in the gutter. Front-Page, above-The-Fold material. "Silas and mia, 2005." (Claire) married less an three years. That's still the honeymoon phase... for some couples. Mm. Well, i'd say the honeymoon is over. I still don't understand. Silas was walking, and a car hit him, And the person just left him there... Like roadkill? We don't think it was an accident. You mean somebody... what, like murder? Did your husband have any enemies? I me, maybe somebody he did business with? No, no. He and his business partner laurent pernet... (Sniffles) they're best friends. They built the, um, wine business from nothing. And we all go to the theater together and to napa. Mrs. Spaulding, i'm sorry, but we have to ask, Um, where were you last night? I, um, was home. What time did silas leave the house? I don't--I don't know. Please... search our house, then search our car... Anything to find out who did this to him. (Voice breaking) 'cause without silas, That life, it... it's just over. Can i see my husband now? That's probably not a very good idea. Hey, ms. Spaulding gave us permission To search her house and her car. That's a good sign she didn't kill her husband. It'd be a better sign if she had any kind of alibi. We'll need to subpoena silas' business records, See if you can get mia's as well. She does something in commercial real estate. Sure. I'll clear it with denise. Wait. Your voice didn't do that thing when you said denise's name. What thing? The rumbly, trembly, hate-Filled thing... Which i'm sure nobody but me has ever noticed. Denise is no longer a problem. Ever since she got drunk at tom and heather's wedding And announced to luke that i had had sex with hanson, Thereby ending my relationship, she's been a peach. Turns out my boss is actually capable of guilt. I'm sorry, this event is invitations-Only. S.F.P.D. We're investigating a murder. Does that get us on the guest list? We're lookin Silas can't be d I've left him, like, five really pissed-Off messages on his cell. That's why he hasn't-- His wife i.D.Ed his photo. I can't believe this. Oh, he was my best friend for 20 years. Tell me about your business. We deal wine. Silas and i buy fr And auction houses all over the world And resell to the right clientele. That's what we're doing... Were doing here today. Have there been any problems lately, Any dissatisfied customers? No. You said he was carrying the cheval blanc. Maybe this was a-A robbery that went bad. We've been hit before. All right, i'll look into it. Uh, would you mind showing me your car, please? (Stammers) of course. So you and silas were close, mr. Atkinson? Actually, his dad was my best friend. Thank god he didn't live to see this. Did, uh, silas and his partner get along? Partnerships are like marriages, one supposes, Up and down. Here. This was one of silas' favorites. Very expressive. Uh... black currants... (Sniffs) eucalyptus... is that chocolate? Distinguishing nose. (Lowered voice) most of these people can't tell A fine cabernet from 2 buck chuck. (Laughs) (Chuckles) well, i dabble. Uh, excuse me. So the partner's car is clean, But i did get him to agree to a polygraph. Okay, well, let's head back and see where we are With those tire tracks. Ah, listen, i'm gonna make a cup of coffee. I'll be back. Okay. (Gasps) ohh! Oh. Sorry. Heather... you're back! Mm. Tom's back. Fresh from maui. We brought everyone macadamia nuts. Oh. Okay, look, um... About me showing up at your wedding In the parking lot, i'm-- I'm really, really sorry. Don't be. I got a little crazy bride. Anyway, i'm on my way to the social security office To change my last name. Bye-E, heather donnelly. Hello, heather hogan. (Laughs) I was gonna bring tom with me, 'cause it's such a big deal, But there's a guy in his office. What guy? Uh, fbi guy? Kind of a hottie. Right. See ya. Wellspeak of the devil. Uh, can i speak to you, lieutenant? I'm in theiddle of a meeting, inspector boxer. Yes, sir, i can see that. Um, this is fbi agent john ash. Profiler. He's requested your help With the kiss me not killer investigation. Really? I've told him that you are too valuable to this departmt To loan out to the fbi. I agree. You do? The fbi has my files. I'm sure the case is much better off in their capable hands. Um, sorry we couldn't be more help. Our office received this in the mail nine days ago. We don't think it's a hoax. Kiss me not is playing games, lieutenant. He is not gonna hurt me. You knew about this? You've been on your honeymoon. Did you request a security detail, Take any precautions? I can take care of myself. Oh, this is so typical! The kiss me not killer feels a connection to inspector boxer, Which means she's gotten into his head, Which means she's the best person To help us solve this case. Three women have been murdered, possibly more. He's not finished. We can ensure her safety. 24-Hour detail? Tom, what the hell? You're the one that wanted me to move on. Remember how i was obsessed? This case ruinur m You... We will protect her, and we will find this guy. Hello? I'm right here! Mia spaulding, victim's wife. Lindsay boxer. (Crying) inspector boxer? I didn't kill silas. Okay. Just--Just calm down, talk to me. I can't go on without him. My life is over. I want to be with silas. Where aryou? I'm at the golden gate bridge. I just wanted you to know i didn't do it. Alert goldenate bridge security. She's gonna jump. Please find silas' killer! Mia! Good-Bye. You are not leaving. I am going down there! I'll go! As of now, you are on loan to the fbi. Th really should be back by now. I'm gonna call jacobi. You are gonna tell me about sarah rice. Um, waitress. Grew up in marin county. Strangled in 2003. She was 26. You sound like you're reading from a phone book. You want an interprive dance? The kiss me not killer laid her to rest In a bed of lilacs. They were still fresh when we found her. 206 possible suspects were questioned and dismissed. Th So... U married your lieutenant, huh? That was low, going over my head like that. Well, i did give you a week to come around. Melissa pain-- Student from pacific heights. Our medical examiner, claire washburn, Estimated it took her 16 hours to die. She was 23 years old. There were no lilacs, But he left an old key in her hand And a dead mouse at her feet. When we saw her lips, we knew it was the same guy. That's when we dubbed him "the kiss me not killer." You gave him the nickname? Claire did. It was... 4:00 in the morning. None of us had slept fodays. You almost sound nostalgic. Well, back then I still thought we were gonna catch the bastard. Keep going. Elaine lewis. Killed october 12, 2007. Cashier. She disappeared from silver springs, nevada, Two weeks before we discovered her body. Kiss me not eviscerated her, slit her wrists And then left r in a copper bathtub. She broke the pattern. The others were from the bay area. Which... you already knew. You already know everything in these files. So why are we doing this? What i have access to Are the words you put down on paper. What i need is access to what you were thinking</i> When you wrote them down. Was thinking it sucks that sarah's father Isn't going to be able to walk her down the aisle. I was thinking there's no mortician on the planet That could make melissa's 48 stab wounds disappear So she could have a decent funeral. I was thinking elaine was probably alive Long enough to watch him pull out her insides. Nobody cared about access to my thinking When the fbi yanked this case from me! So you're pouting? I don't like you. I'm not very impressed with you either. Damn it. Ahmed was driving his cab back from marin When he w mia go over the bridge. Are you sure it was her? Unis found her car in golden gate park. Purse and i.D. Were inside. Rescue's looking for the body. Mia was either overcome with grief... or remorse. I'm gonna take his statement. So what's up? I go to get a cup of coffee. Nexthing i know, I got captain america riding shotgun. It's just routine fbi bull about the kiss me not killer. It's nothing. Hey, i spoke to miapaulding. She said she didn't kill her husband. I believed her. I don't usually get to know our victims piecemeal, But from silas' various parts, i can tell you he was active. Didn't have much fat on him. Still waiting on silas' business records, But i just heard through the uni grapevine That lindsay is behind closed doors with some fbi guy. Routine follow-Up to the kiss me not investigation. You're just in time to hear everything you wanted to know about tires. According to the techs, the car that hit silas Has bias-Ply instead of radial tires. So the car was a vintage something. My stepdad had an old muscle car. He liked to talk about it a lot.</i> Is that fbi guy single? I'm leaving. Hey, laurent pernet showed up for his polygraph. Uh, these, uh, routine questions The fbi is asking lindsay, Just, uh, how routine are they? Wait a minute. She didn't tell you either. The kiss me not killer contacted the fbi. He threatened lindsay. How long ago? Over a week. Why do you think he's after you? I don't think he's after me. I don't believe you. I don't care. (Knock on door) for the love of god, come in. Hi. Heard you were in here. Hi. What've you got? Uh, a friend of ours who can't exactly Pass along the information to jacobi and tom Came across some information in the silas spaulding case. 2 years ago, he and his part After their wine warehouse was robbed. Yeah, jacobi and i looked at the pol There'nothing there. Would you still feelhat way if you knew Thatix months later, "oenophile quarterly" Did a story about spaulding and pernet Coming back from near-Bankruptcy, Conveniently around the time of the robbery? Looks like an insurance s Laurent pernet taking a polygraph. (Woman) have you driven a vintage car In the last 24 hours? No. Did you kill silas spaulding? No. Did you report a robbery at your wine warehouse a year ago? Yes. Was that report fraudulent? No. W-Why are you asking me about this? Just yes or no answers, please. Was that police report fraudulent? I said it wasn't. You know what? You want to ask me about silas? Fine. Anything else, i want my lawyer. Come with me. I took a peek at the, uh, love note the fbi received. It's a great picture. Jacobi-- You didn't tell me. Did you tell anyone? Did you tell claire, jill, your reporter friend? He's a coward. He would never go toe-To-Toe with me. Oh. So, uh, you think you're safe Because of that gun on your hip, Or that extra one you got strapped To that skinny little calf. Oh, yeah, i know you're packin'. This psychopath has murdered three women that we know of. And he doesn't just do it in one y. Oh, no. He uses all manner of torture. I'm trained. I can handle him. He could shoot you With a sniper rifle from across the street. He could put a bomb on your car! He could get into your apartment and slit martha's throat And get to you before you even got a hand On one of your precious guns! You want to work yourself into the ground? Fine. You want to sit home every weekend? Fine. Hell, you want to have sex with your ex-Husband, Who happens to be our boss, And pretend that it didn't happen? Fine. I might think it's sad and stupid,</i> But that's your business! But this... This is my business. And not just because i love you. I could be in that car he bombs. I could be standing next to you on that street. (Whispers) i'm sorry. (Sniffles) jacobi, i'm--I'm-- I don't know what you think this is...</i> But it's not partners. Because partners are in this together.</i> And you? Baby, you just made sure you in this all by yourself. Hey. Spaulding and pernet's business account records finally came in. You'll notice who they did the majority of ???? ??? The aptly named victor's fine wines. Mm-Hmm. I know the polygraph was inconclusive, But if silas and laurent did run some sort of insurance scam, Maybe that wasn't their only illegal activity. Victor might know what they're into. Maybe he was into it Let's bring victor in, get formal. I'd hold off on that. You're not working this case. A woman killed herself, A woman that i spoke to this morning. I'm on the case. Come on, look how fast laurent got spooked When we brought up the insurance thing. All right, we'll hold off on victor Until we have a better idea what we're dealing with. (Knock on door) where do you want these? (Jill) great. The records from spaulding and pernet are here. I was expecting... less. Men, back to my office. Did you have to tell jacobi? So i'm thinking that we should have cindy... Get on victor. He did not bring them here. (Jill) who? Elaine lewis' parents. See if you two can find anything In those financial records that connect it to victor. Then have cindy head over to victor's fine wines. I will call her when i'm done here. (Ash) mr. And mrs. Lewis, part of the reason I asked you to come in Is because we have some new information. Two days before elaine was found dead in san francisco, She was seen in a hotel off of highway 215. She was wi My god. Is there anything about this person that you recognize? Just take your time. (Voice breaking) i can't. You wouldn't think it was possible, But it's worse to see her alive... with him. I'm sorry. (Crying) i have to go. We're in town a few more days. Bringing in the grieving parents, Breaking out new evidence-- Do you actually ink i'm that easily manipulated? I was hoping you were that easily manipulated. You're-- You're gonna want to go. Because the other option is that you don't care, That you never cared, That your ex upstairs was right-- You couldn't handle the mess you made of your marriage, So you used a serial killer. You used the pain of those three women and their families As an excuse to check out. And this martyr act of yours that you've perfected Is nothing more than a pathetic facade. Come with me. Hi! Are you victor? That's me. Can i help you? I'm getting married in a few months, And i hear You have some great deals on some amazing wines. You heard that from... Um... i-I think his name s, uh, digrassi. Ambassador digrassi. Well, ambassador digrassi loves you, Specifically your prices, And i'm gonna need a lot of wine for this wedding, So i was hoping maybe you could recommend something. Well... there's the, um, 2004 château du fey. Isn't that really expensive stuff? Yes, but my brokers are spaulding and pernet. They're very connected. They always get me the best price. And this château du fey, Is--Is that one of their special acquisitions? Yes. I should probably try it before i decide, huh? One of those brokers was also a good friend. He died today. In honor of him, Why don't you take this? Drink it with your fianc? If you like it, i'll give you a good price. Thank you. Where we going? Shut up. (Lindsay) if i let him... This bastard's gonna destroy me. And that would be okay. You know, that-- That would be worth it... If i could stop him. But i can't. I tried... for years. I tried. I gave everything. I gave up everything. And i-I failed. Elaine lewis is dead because i failed. So i need you... To just let me off the hook here, okay? I need you to let me let all of this go. No. Laurent's car... Radials. Victor's car... radials. Who else didn't run over silas? His wife, god rest her, his neighbors, his employees. Nobody has bia ply tires anymore. Listen, this fbi guy the kiss me not case-- Am i the only one concerned About lindsay jumping back into this again? We will all have to keep our eye on her. Is that for me? Yeah, special delivery. Forensic accounting ferreted out A hefty mutual fund. Mia spaulding was saving for retirement, But not with her husband. Some guy named dylan carter. San francisco police. Are you dylan carter? Uh, no. Hang on. Dylan! Hey, honey. What is it? Uh, this is dylan, my wife. Sorry, honey. This will only take a sec. Mia spaulding isn't dead, But she is dylan carter. Yeah, i bet you wish you were back on that honeymoon, huh? Mm. I, um... i told tony that I witnessed a hit-And-Run, And you're here to take a statement. Please. I didn't do anything. You faked your own death. And you're a bigamist. I didn't kill silas. This is where i was. Call anyone on that list. I go to every p.T.A. Meeting. I'm in charge of cookies. I'll make the calls. Why did you want us to think you were dead? I was dead. That me--Mia spaulding Doesn't exist without silas. I just--I wanted to end it Before things got even more complicated, and... And i had to get home. To your other husband. I paid that cab driver $500 to say he saw me jump. I have been a better wife to tony, A better mother to my boys In the three years i was married to silas Than i ever was before. I'm  happy. I... I was happy. But sila.. Checks out. We--We met at a-A gallery opening.. And i went by myself, 'Cause tony, he doesn't like that kind of a thing. And silas just swept me away. So i told him i was single... And the lies just spiraled. Must've been tough to keep track of who you were, when. I had two cell phones and two sets of i.D.S, But neither of them ever suspected. Are... Are you... are you gonna arrest me for all this? That'll be up to the d.A. Thank god. Youthful eyes. All right, tell me if these numbers match up. What am i lookin' at? On a hunch, lindsay wanted me to do a comparison Of the wine we found with silas spaulding's body With a sample of the same wine straight from the winery. Lindsay thinks that silas and laurent Were counterfeiting wines? It's a possibility. Well, for once lindsay's hunch didn't pan out. Numbers match up. But... let's try this one. Victor gave me this bottle. It's from silas and laurent. Will do. You are so helpful. So mia spaulding is not dead? Hi. Two things-- You're supposed to call claire about wine counterfeiting. I'm working a hunch Because i am on this case. Okay. And here's your warrant For a storage facility in oakland. It's rented by a company owned by a company Owned by laurent pernet. And there's a third thing... for you... In the bathroom. Go ahead. We got this. Give me two seconds. What? This better be important. Heather? It's lindsay. Lindsay  boxer. Um... Can i come in? Yeah, i guess so. Hi. Lindsay boxer's a great me. I'm gonna be heather hogan. Heather hogan's not... bad. It's ridiculous. Heather hogan. Heather hogan from hoboken. Well, when you say it like that... That's how tom's mother says it. Tom's mother says everything In the most vile and offensive way possible. It's just part of her charm. Every time i go to turn these stupid papers in, I-I freak out. I don't know. I've been down there and back three times today. Well, i'm sure tom doesn't mind if you don't change your name. He says he doesn't but He does Yeah. Okay. Okay I've been working this case. This woman had two different names, Two different husbands, two different lives. But when it comes down to it, She's just one messed-Up chick. She could have 50 names, and she would still be Just one messed-Up chick who doesn't know who she is Or what she wants. But you... Whatever your name is... You have a husband who loves you And a job that you love. So your last name... It's just the way we sign our checks. And who uses checks anymore, anyway? Here. Ready? Any bets on what's in there? Yeah, i wouldn't mind a case of '45 latour. Or the murder weapon. Whoo! I just drove a ferrari. Yeah, 4 feet. All but three of these cars have bias-Ply tires, But none have major body damage. Our murder weapon is here, right? You a lab tech now? I am whatever i need to be, And the real techs wanted me to look at this particular car Because there is organic matter in the grille. Organic matter as in blood. Blood, hair, skin, plus some body damage. Hello, murder weapon. Congratulations. Okay, you could have waited for me. You come here alone? Where's agent ash? I snuck out the back and came all by myself Because i'm not 6. Inspector boxer, you should check out that 750i. I think it's been tampered with. Hey, he's worried about you. Sometimes worry and anger look a lot alike. Well, he wants me to hide and be scared, And i can't do that. I'm not gonna give him the satiaction. I'm assuming you're talking about the, uh, Kiss me not killer, not tom. Both, actually. You should tell your friends. Do you have a flashlight? Thank you. You see that? Somebody tried to hot-Wire this baby. I think our killer tried and couldn't get it started. The new models are notoriously difficult to hot-Wire. So he moves on to the vintage s.U.V. It's easier to wire, and, frankly, Probably better suited For repeatedly running somebody over. Meaning laurent's probably not our killer. I mean, why hot-Wire your own car? Yeah, so somebody breaks in here, Takes one of laurent's cars, kills silas, Then puts it back exactly where he found it With out a good washing. Laurent's being framed. Who benefits from killing one partner And sending the other partner to jail? Actually, i have a thought on that. Victor atkinson, it's san francisco p.D.! Fire in the hole! Okay, blow it! Atkinson, we know you're in here! He's got about $1,000 worth of château lafite in him. Hey, hey, hey, hey! He's armed. Tom! Tom! Oh, thank god. Don't tell heather. Mr. Atkinson, You do not want to shoot a cop! Let's talk! I can't go to jail. I will not. Stay down! Don't move, Or i will tell heather. Put it down, right now. Put it down. You better be drunk, shooting at a cop. How did you know? That bride you met with today? We tested the wine you gave her. It wasn't e real château du fey. Was counterfeit. Silas and laurent no, Not silas and laurent. I just saw all of your empty bottles and your fake labels. Silas found out you were selling counterfeit wine, didn't he? But because you were his father's friend, He didn't even tell laurent. He wanted you to have a chance to make it right. Make what right? It's no difference to most people What's in the bottle As long as the label is right. And those rare few who realize they've been had, They don't want to admit they spent $1,000 For a $100 bottle of wine, right? I told silas i wasn't going to apologize. When his business with laurent Was in trouble a couple of years ago, Know who saved them? Me. I hired a guy to rob them So they could collect the insurance money. He owed me. Why frame laurent? It had to be somebody. Did silas know that you were behind the robbery? Not until two days ago, when he threatened To go to the police about counterfeiting. How dare he? Okay, let's go. I have an announcement to make! I would like to introduce all of you To mrs. Heather hogan. Great. Now that is a great name. Congratulations. You know, she didn't want to change her name, But she'll never tell him that. Most people don't really want to know the truth. No... most people want the fairy tale. I did. I wanted prince charming to love me No matter who i was, No matter what i did. Doesn't work that way, does it? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I know why he does it. Kiss me not? Come on. Tell me you found your grandmother's antique books? Yeah, come on in. Hi. So what are we lookin' for again? Okay, the key elements of the kiss me not murders-- Okay? Elaine lewis-- Copper tub, silver leaves. Sarah rice-- Silver rope, lilacs. Melissa paquin-- A key and a mouse. So you think he's staging these murders Based on old fairy tales? These fairy tales have been told for hundreds of years In hundreds of different forms. They're, uh, archetypal, allegorical. Morality tales tt center Around transgression,punishment, redemption. Yeah, all--All of that, But i also think he's doing the prince charming thing. Kiss me not thinks he's the prince charming? No. I don't know. But i do know that if we're gonna understa this guy, We have to understand the stories That he's trying to tell. I'm in.Thanks for calling me. You're in the club, after all. You have a club, huh? No. I'll see you in the car. I think agent ash Wants me to tell you That he didn't just pull me back in this case Because of my stellar investigative skills. What do you mean? Lindsay? Uh... The killer sent the fbi something-- Uh, an article of yours, actually-- With a photo From elaine lewis' crime scene... Uh, of me... With xs all over my lips. Oh, my god. And you didn't tell us this? I didn't want anyone to worry. You don't get to decide that. We're your friends. How could you not tell us abt that? I know, but-- Hey, hey, hey,hey, hey, hey! I know you think we gave up last time, That we left you to fight him alone. You were right. We couldn't handle it. We screwed up. We were wrong. But we are back. We are with you. We are gonna catch this son of a bitch. Nothing is gonna happen to you. Are we clear? We're clear.