Did you change my coffee order again? Yes,because that's not coffee. That's diabetes on ice. - it's late.Carbs help me think. - PerfecT. Think on him. Say hello to simon.He's an E.M.T.Who works with luke. He's holding a kitten. Which he saved at the scene of a fire along with a toddler and a senior citizen. Oh,you're good. You know I don't do blind dates. Fine.You can tell him that yourself when he calls. You game him my number? - Pimp. - Nun. okay,ladies, here we go. And I told you i'd be morehan happy to talk once someone gets hospitable and brings me dinner. I didn't ask to be on break. What do u have? One cranky hooker,a migraine,and,uh... you want to get that for me over there? She found her 30 minutes ago. Ma'am,can you tell us what happened here? Y'all can just take a number until I get some crab rangoon up in here. Fantastic,right? Jill bernhardt,D.A.'S office. I had you in court a few years back. You cut your hair. - Looks nice,girl. - Thanks. Seem to remember we settled on probation. Now you're back on turk street with god knows what kind of pipe in your purse. Who's your P.O.Again? - How can I help? - You recognize her? No, but she's in the wrong neighborhood,that's for sure. Boys on this block like their women bionic. That one has all the parts the good lord gave her. Did you see anything else,anyone in or out of here? It's been a slow night. All right.Let's get her something to eat. streets hadn't aged her yet. I'd say she's almost pretty. Whoever did this to her thought so,too. He spared her face. Bruising tells me the blow came at least an hour before death. Not a bobby pin out of place.Her manicure's perfect. No working girl I've ever met would have gone down without a fight. She was taken by surprise. Lividity on the left shoulder,arm and leg. She didn't die in this position. No,she was laying on her side,maybe in a trunk or backseat. I'll check clothes and hair for fibers. Her right shoe's probably fallen off in the john's car,too. So what are you thinkin'? Looks like a classic bump and dump. Come on.You know me.Cindy thomas,the "register." Can you give me the victim's name,age,a-anything? Hi.I looked for a press area,but there wasn't one. That's because a prostitute slaying in this part of town at 3:00 A.M.Isn't news. Did you know tha the crime desk assignment came with a pepper spray key chain and a police scanner? It's like my new tivo.I can't turn it off. Cho,why are you standing here socializing when there's potential evidence 3 feet behind you? - Um... - unless this is your purse,cho. "Emily sherman." I wonder what her working name was? hello? mom? Where are you? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync: YTET - ÏûÉùÄä¼£</font> Womens.Murder.Club Season  1 Episode 3 </font> I'm sorry. You probably have a lot of work to do. I just can't leave her. It's okay.Take your time,sweetie. The only work we have,alexis,is finding who did this to your mom. Can I ask you a few questions? When was the last time you saw her? Before school, but I talked to her last night around 6:00. She called me while I was at my art class,totally freaking out. Why? She was going on her first date in,like,five years. I told her to raid my closet.We shared everything. Do you know who she was going out with? I don't know. When I was little,my mom didn't want me to think that every time she brought a guy home I had a new dad, so she kept her love life private. Five years with no dates? When she opened the bookstore, she said that she didn't have the time or energy to meet someone new. That's understandable. She was just hiding the fact that she wasonely. I was the one who forced her to find somee, get back in the game. - Do you know where the date was? - No. She went to the gym first,though. bay view fitness. Can I go home now? Actually,alexis,why don't you come with me? That's one impressive teenager. Emily did a great job.Being a mom is hard enough. I can't imagine doing it alone. All right. The head injury wasn't lethal,but it was violent enough to knock her out. That's when the killer tied her up. These abrasions are on her ankles,too. I don't know what was used yet, but I can rule out your garden-variety rope and electrical cord. Any signs of sexual assault? - None. - Cause of death? She asphyxiated on whatever was shoved in her mouth to keep her quiet. I have no way of knowing what it was. The killer took it with him. So he's smart,knows how to cover his tracks. You didn't ask to get back in the game,did you,emily? You were very comfortable on your couch,in your pajamas with a good pinot watching "prime suspect" on dvd. Not that anyone is speaking from experience. We'll get him. We need to contact your father,let him know what happened. Good luck. The last birthday card I got from him was postmarked vermont, but that was three years ago. Wait.He getting custody? That's for the dependency court to figure out. Well,what about our apartment and the bookstore? I mean,that was her life.I have to take care of it. The trouble is,you're 17. Legally,you can't be on your own. Yeah,but I always stay by myself. I mean,just ask my mom.She'll tell you... it's gonna be okay. emily was my biggest success story. In six months we had her down two dress sizes,got her body mass to 18.5. No one was more committed. Committed enough to squeeze in one more workout before her big date,we hear. God,I kind of feel responsible. Why is that,mr.Roberts? Emily was feeling insecure. She was having second thoughts about going out,so I pushed her. It's a trainer's job to get people out of their comfort zone, make them see they're capable of more. but you didn't see her leave with anyone? No. By that time,I was busy with mrs.Hammond. Not a success story. In all that chitchat,emily sherman never mentioned the name of her date? She just called him her luvspace guy, you know,after that singles web site everyone uses? - What? - Tom and the feds requested that kiss me not stuff days ago, and you know how I feel about clutter. This clutter represents five years,one failed marriage and a lot of sleepless nights. - They'll get it when I'm ready. - This was also in my work area. That's my background check. Who's simon?Suspect? Person of interest? Potential blind date. Get quippy and you die. Well,it's clean except for one thing. There's a citation from the humane society,something about a kitten? - Damn it. - I say go for it. It'snly one date. I'm gonna walk this off. Oh! Lindsay. We are not on a first-name basis in public,miss thomas, and I have nothing new for you in the emily sherman case. I'm not here about that. I just wanted to make sure I didn't get anyone in trouble last night, 'cause that sweet officer cho was totally doing his job. - Then why were you bothering him? - I was doing my job. If...and this is a big if... we're going to have a relationship,we need to set up some ground rules. - Ready. - Okay. Rule number one... if it looks like I'm too busy to talk,I am. Where are we on the luvspace.Biz subpoena? The company claims releasing emily sherman's chat logs compromises the entire site. They've got the office of privacy protection involved. - The back and forth coultake weeks. - I don't have that kind of time. Then slip in through another member's back door. My friend hannah is tech editor at the paper, and when she found out that I was on luvspace, she taught me this trick so that I could access the private sections of my dates' profiles... you know,see what they said about me after we went out, see how many women they're chatting up. I'd like to remind everyone that this trick is really illegal and really,really inadmissible. Hey,you're single.You want your own profile? - No. - Couldn't hurt. Need a picture? Why is my relationship status a problem that everyone feels they need to solve? I'm not ready. Of course you are. Everyone said that to emily sherman,too. I'm in.Okay,this is where she lists her job, likes,dislikes,what have you. The site then runs that information through a database and picks out potential suitors. That's when the chatting begins, and emily was pretty chatty. It's gonna take me at least a day to go through all these. Let me see her last correspondence. Jared mccarthy... nfirming dinner the night of the murder. He's a magazine editor. He likes "walks in the rain and michael bubl?" How romantic. look,I'm not interested in sharing the freakin' good news,okay? Mr.Mccarthy,I'm inspector boxer. - This is inspector jacobi. - Sorry. The,uh,thumpers on this street can be pretty persistent. Uh,ahem,I was just trying to get some painting done. We'd like to ask you a few questions about emily sherman. You met her on luvspace.Biz. - What about her? - Throw on a shirt.We'll chat inside. Actually,the place is kind of a mess,so... don't move. hey,hey,stop! You can't go up there! I'm a police officer. And people wonder why I don't date. I wasn't torturing her. It was two consenting adults doing a scene. From what,"the seagull"? Oh,thanks.She'll never call me again. You've got bigger problems.Emilsherman was murdered. From what we hear,you were the last to see her. I never even met the chick,all right?She stood me up. - How can we verify that - I don't know. Try to think. Because as I'm looking around,I'm reminded that our victim was bound and gagged, clearly something you like to do. Talk to the maître d' at la luna. He called me a cab,he saw me leave alone. - And after that? - I came home and chatted online the rest of the night. - Is that how you met our kinky dental hygienist? - Her name is barbara,and yes. Funny,I don't see pleather on your list of likes. I have profiles on more than one site. Luvspace is for the nice girls. Bindmeup is for the others. It doesn't mean I killed anybody. Look,all of those chats are time-stamped. I will print you a copy. Did you give alexis sherman permission to go home without a legal guardian? She isn't alone,denise. She's staying with a neighbor while we look for her dad. Right.Food stamp recipient helen mctavish... age 81,cats,9. Hardly an acceptable caretaker. After her mother's grisly death, staying with a family friend in familiar surroundings was our best option. The county is her parent in absentia.You know the protocol. She enters foster care today. Denise,please. The system will eat her alive. Sad,but not this office's concern. Can't you at least hold off until her father is located? Oh,i am not doing anything. That woman may have a law degree from stanford, but her management style is straight out of abu raib. Mrs.Mctavish,I'm jill bernhardt.May I speak with alexis? Oh,I'm sorry,dear. Alexis told me that the district attorney was sending her home. where is she? lexis! what do you think you're doing? I wasn't gonna stay,I swear. I just came to grab some stuff. But when I walked in,I could smell my mom's perfume. You know,it was like she was here. Alexis,I know you miss her,but it does not mean you get to ignore the rules. Fine. I'll go back to mrs.Mctavish and I'll apologize for lying. I wish it were that easy. The court won't approve her as a guardian. You're entering foster care today. No way! Okay,I've heard what those places are like. Most of the kids I paint with down on ortega are runaways from foster care. I'm sorry. Are you? Do you have any idea what you're doing to me? We should pack a bag. If you want,I can help you pick out a few of your mom's things. You've helped enough. You the boyfriend? Yeah.Milo. Look,I-I know we're not supposed to be here, but she called me all hysterical,and I didn't know...I didn't know what to do. So I just brought over the paint,and we got to work. She was calming down till you showed up. Something tells me her mother wouldn't be too calm about all this. Ms.Sherman would be down. She loved me,and she always wanted alexis to express herself. And how long have you two been expressing yourselves together? A year. Dude,this is surreal. Only a few days ago,my girl had a mom,a life. She's going through hell,milo.She's raw,emotional. Her decisions will be,too,which means you need to step up and be the calm voice of reason,' cause we all want what's best for alexis,right? what did you find out about the boyfriend? Milo bishop,17,high school dropout,up-and-coming graffiti artist. Other than that,no criminal record. They're gone. Where are my boxes? You don't keep the fbi waiting. Those were my files. Then why are they stamped "property of S.F.P.D."? The feds are trying to solve a case,linz. A case that I've been working the past five years. I'm the one who filled out the profile on that monster. I stared into the faces of those poor women. When this department refused to cough up more money for D.N.A.... You paid for the tests yourself,I know. I was the one who balanced our checkbook. Lindsay,this obsession is costing you,a lot. When was the last time you took a vacation,hmm? Or went to a movie,for pete's sake? From what I hear,you're not even dating. Can we be done? And just so you know,i am dating... simon,an amazing E.M.T. Who loves me just the way I am,obsessions and all. Oh. Well,good. Not good,tom. Bigger and better. emily sherman's xiphoid process was broken. - Xi-what? - This piece of cartilage right there. It can snap when c.P.R.Is administered incorrectly. Ich means one of three things... it was an accident, our killer had second thoughts,or he was just trying to prolong the terror. Whatever it was,it's not a pretty picture. Aside from that,the body's clean... no blood,D.N.A.,Nothing. Wish I could give you more. Actually,you can. If tom asks,E.M.T.Simon and i have been together forever,and we're completely in love. So you lied. Even my ex-husband is jumping on the "lindsay needs a date" bandwagon, and I had to exit his office with some shred of dignity. You know, I didn't realize our matchmaking efforts were upsetting you so much. I just don't understand why it's such a big deal for everybody. Well,jill... she's a bit of a busybody. And in my case,I just think I'm trying to live vicariously. Through me?Please don't say that. Lindsay,there's a gorgeous guy out there who wants to get to know you, maybe even sweep you off your feet.It's exciting. - It's not anything. - Still, you have options. Some of us would kill for those. What's going on at home,claire? Nothing... specifically,in the bedroom. Okay,we've never actually talked about this. Is it difficult because of the... - the wheelchair? - Yeah. - I mean,can ed... - he can. We just don'T. We,who usually initiates? Before the shooting,my husband,always and everywhere. Well,step up to the plate,sexy mama. - Seduce the man. - Oh,no,I can't do that. And how did we go from the autopsy report to my sad sex life? It actually started with mine. Feelg anxious? It's completely normal. Emergency foster placement can be a little tricky, but I think you'll be pleased with the match we made. Hey,alexis. What are you doing here? Taking you home. My cooking could be considered child abuse, so our options are chinese,pizza or clam land. We'll skip that one. So where's your boyfriend? Who says I have a boyfriend? There's aftershave in the pantry and a bunch of suits stuffed under my bed. So you're living in sin. Who cares? Your social worker,foone,but luke's in chicago at a medical conference, so technically,this week I'm single. This was our tour of american authors... mark twain's house,willa cather's birthplace. It's not the best vacation for a fifth grader,but when your mom owns a bookstore... I'm already having trouble picturing what she looks like when I close my eyes. Do the memories go,too? Some will. Luckily,they come back when you least expect it, like finding a 20 in your jeans on laundry day. We reached your father. He lives in florida now... tampa. Is he coming to get me? Not yet. That's code for "he doesn't want you," right? He's remarried.His wife just had a baby. They need more time to think it over. Big deal. Florida's a pit anyway. Oh,we're not giving up. Your endless optimism is getting offensive. I mean,why do you even care? her father died when she was 8. Her mom remarried a guy named billy. Let's just say he wasn't much of a dad. She ended up in the system for a while. All that shuffling around was tough,but she came out the other side. That was me. That's why I care. We showed these to alexis and the employees at emily's store. No one can make an I.D. She really chatted up this many guys? The emily I knew got nervous if she had to ask a man to share the lat machine. Did she ever mention alexis' boyfriend? Milo? All the time. - Fondly? - Oh,she wasn't keen on him. I don't know if it was 'cause he was a bad guy or if he just reminded emily that her little girl was growing up and starting to pull away. I know they fought about him,though. Wait,I know him. Bigstud4u? His name's dino palley. He was a member here till we kicked him out. He was cornering women on the floor,getting inappropriate. Did you ever see him interact with emily? That creep would interact with anything with two legs. Ooh,oysters,my favorite. Aphrodisiac. - Let's get a dozen. - Sure,dino. Nice top,by the way. Thanks. So have you met a lot of women on the site? A few. Anybody recently? let's not talk about them. I'm just fascinated by the whole process. I mean,h-how do you decide who to contact? Is it by her looks,by her hobbies? What was the last date you were on? You keeping score or something? No. All right,maybe I am. It's...it's... it's just intimidating. I am on my first luvspace date, and you're on your what,70th or something? How would you know that? You're...you're just so natural at this. Yeah,well,70's a pretty specific number. You snooping around my account? You spying on me? Y-you have to understand,I've had such... bad luck in the past. - Internet dating is scary. - And I scare you? Only because,dino,I... I wanted you... I needed you... to like me. Now I see that I have betrayed your tru. I should...I should go. Hey. Sit down.We'll start over. Really? Okay. Uh,why don't you order me a glass of red wine? I'll be right back. - boxer. - before you get mad that I did not check with you first,this theory was a long shot. - You could barely call it a hunch. - Go on. You know how I said that I would sift through all of emily's chats? Well,I did,and I discovered that she had a "lurker," someone who contacted her once and then checked her profile obsessively... sort of like an online stalker. So I sent him a message pretending to be interested in a date, we decided on dinner,and now I am hiding in a restaurant busing station - because he won't let me leave. - What's his name? Dino palley. Where is he now? thank god he is gone. Cindy,that man is a person of interest. I want you to get in your car and meet me at the station immediately. hey. Where you goin'? I-I thought... I thought you'd left. No hug good-bye? Um,I-I have to go. But I have something for you. ah bith,ah You chased a woman into a dark parking garage. To give her a rose! We were gonna start over,so I ran across the street to the mini-mart. And do you do those sweet gestures for your wife, someone you neglected to mention in your online dating profile? Hey,everybody cheats. We only care about one of your extramarital interests... emily sherman? Never heard of her. That's odd,because you belonged to the same health club, and you'd think you'd remember a woman whose web page you visited a hundred times in the last two months. Okay,fine,I tried to chat her up,first at the gym,and then online. But the stuck-up cow wanted nothing to do with me. You may want to watch your language,mr.Palley. Emily sherman is dead. What's that got to do with me? Rejection hurts. Makes a person angry,angry enough to kill. you people are nuts.I want my lawyer. No problem. Just tell us where you were two nights ago between the hours of 7:00 and 10:00. I was at the movies... with my wife. Well,bigstud,that's who we get to talk to now. Alexis,come and get it! Hey,get those headphones out of your ears.I'm starving. Alexis was snubbed by her father,was staring down a year in a group home. I'd run away,too. Matter of fact,I did. What? We have to consider other possibilities. Emily and milo didn't get along, and alexis and her mother fought about him,too. So you're saying  they killed her? Jacobi checked the skate park where milo worked today. He hasn't showed up for his shift. That just means they ran away together. With the money they stole from emily's store. We spoke to an employee this morning. The cash register was emptied of $500. Linz,I know this girl. She's not a cold-blooded killer. Which supports what claire found. Somebody tried to administer C.P.R. To emily before she died. they may have lost their nerve,tried to revive her. Inspector boxer,come and find me when you have a minute. I want to discuss the sherman investigation with you. I was just filling in D.D.A.Bernhardt. Miss bernhardt mov herself from prosecutor to percipient witness when she so generously signed on as alexis sherman's foster parent. It was a surprise to us all. Hey,our alert paid off at transbay terminal. Someone fitting milo's description inquired about two bus tickets to vegas. Unis scooped him up. They're on their way in. Uh,lindsay? Sorry.Do I know you? Kitten guy. Simon. Hi. Extra caramel. Jill said it's your favorite. She also said you don't do blind dates. But now that we've met,it's no longer an issue. So,inspector boxer,would you like to go out to dinner with me tonight? Wow. This is so nice. Uh,it's just that we're in the middle of an investigation,right,inspector jacobi? Oh,yeah.Of course,we always are. You know,a girl's gotta eat. hey,you must be simon. Nice to meet you.Tom. Tom? Hogan. Remember,honey? Uh,tom,my boss. We never talk about work. - tom from the office. - Yes. Well,uh,simon was just leaving,weren't you,babe? I S.Um,see you tonight? At 8:00.Bix. I can't wait. It's our anniversary. - See you later. - Okay. So he seems nice. He's wonderful. Where'd you two meet? Uh,crime scene. So which anniversary? Well,my god,tom,if I didn't know you better,I'd think you were obsessed. hey,get off me! Aah! Oh,um,interrogation. Do what you want with me,but you're never gonna find alexis! What's in vegas,milo? I don't know. - Céline dion? - Where's alexis? We found her stuff at the motel. I'm not telling you pigs anything. You're in ouble,milo, and I'm not talking about the b&e,the robbery,the kidnapping. I'm not even talking about the murder one charge. You're in trouble because you and your girlfriend snowed a friend of mine, and now I'm pissed. I didn't murder anybody. And since you're not talking,I've gotta go with my most probable theory, which is your girlfriend's mom hated you,and you wanted her gone. So you waited until emily had plans... - a night out with a blind date. - That's not true. I was hanging with alexis that night. Shame she's not around to back you up,huh? did she put you up to it? It must have seemed so easy at first, but then you heard emily's skull crunch, and you felt her breath as you shoved the gag in her mouth, and it got too real,didn't it? You chickened out.It was too late. None of that happened. As we speak,forensics experts are processing the items from your motel room. If they find one shred of emily sherman's D.N.A., I will make it my personal mission to book you a cell right next to scott peterson. Listen,I'm innocent. Innocent men don't flee to vegas. We weren't fleeing! We were getting married. Then alexis would be emancipated,and her life wouldn't be completely wrecked. You've gotta believe me. Then tell me where your girlfriend is. We needed a car. That's why we took the money from the bookstore, but it wasn't nearly enough. Alexis remembered that her mom just bought a bunch of personal training sessions worth, like,2,000 bucks. She called the gym,but the trainer dude wasn't working today. So alexis went over to his place to get the money back. Are they analyzing milo's belongings? So far,there's no sign of hair or blood or anything we can test for emily sherman's D.N.A., But here's a contents list. I haven't had a chance to look at it yet,but... careful.I might taint that,too. Was I naive? No,honey. You were just trying to be there for alexis,because no one was there for you. Swiss army knife,pair of underwear, lambskin condoms.What is this,1912? Let me see that. I need to check something. Policy dictates that i deliver is in person. An administrative write-up? It was an ethical breach to assume custody of a victim's daughter, especially a victim whose murder you would've been prosecuting. Steps had to be taken. And a verbal warning wouldn't suffice? This lives in my file forever. You should be thanking me. The powers that be,they were puing for suspension. Slap a band-aid on that bleeding heart of yours or your days in this office are numbered. A-alexis left a half-hour ago. I told her to meet me at the gym tomorrow. You know,it's not like I keep that kind of cash at home. Was she acting strange? No. What's going on? excu me. Uh,excuse me one second,please. yeah.Boxer. A latex allergy killed emily sherman. It's extremely rare. Less than 1% of the general population has it. Because there was no choking device at the scene, there was no way that I could have possibly known. Well,how do you know now? Milo was carrying lambskin condoms. I paged alexis' family doctor. He confirmed that she has a type I hypersensitivity to latex. Because there is a hereditary component, I checked emily's body again. Those marks on her wrists and ankles... dermatitis at the site of contact. So he used latex restraints? Shoved them down her throat,too. That allergic reaction left untreated would have brought about anaphylactic shock, respiratory arrest and death. Made me think about your bondage guy. He had a lot of latex,right? I'll call you back. Lindsay? Aah! Alexis? Alexis,are you here? So garret roberts was obsessed with emily sherman, and snapped when she spurned his advances. in his mind,he sculpted her into a whole new woman. How could she share that with any other man but him? The night of her date,they fought in the parking lot. Things escalated,and he hit her hard enough to knock her out. Well,that's a long way from being bound and gagged. Garret was panicked,delusional. He wanted a chance to apologize to emily,to convince her that he meant no harm. Yeah,unfortunately,he had a client waiting. Which left him no choice but to tie emily up and stuff her in the back of his car. Never counting on the latex allergy. How long would she have lasted? 10,15 minutes tops. She was long gone by the time he started the C.P.R. So he found a deserted alley,dumped her there. Makes you want to quit the gym and get fat,doesn't it? here's your scotch. Thank you. How's the throat? I'll survive. All right,ladies, I ge(@to cap off this wonderful evening by canceling on a very sweet and unsuspecting E.M.T. Oh,simon?I took care of it. What did you say? "Lindsay had a very tough day at work." I left out the part about almost getting strangled to death and blowing a guy's kneecaps off, in case you wanted to leave the door open just a lile bit. Here's his phone number,and that is the last you will hear from me on the subject. Thank you. Any more questions,lois lane? Yes. Cocktails,nicknames. Does this mean that I am in the club? Okay,there are some ground rules. I alrey know a few... ahem... no ducking the tape at crime scenes, no first names in public,uh, assume that everything is off the record until I'm told otherwise. What else? Make me laugh when the chips are down. When I'm wrong,tell me I'm wrong,even if you think I don't want to hear it. Keep my secrets.Trust me with yours. Oh,and buy me shoes on my birthday. So I'm,uh... I'm in? You're in. I just came to say good night and that I hate you. You were right. Please come in. Tell me more. I used the kiss me not case to avoid my life. My dedication... obsession... did cost me, and I can't help but think that if I would've put that kind of effort into other things, personal things... live and learn,right? God,I hope so. And who knows?Fresh es could be good for the case. Happy anniversary,by the way. You and bigger-and-better simon? We're not together. I met him for the first time eight seconds before you did. Yeah,I figured.That slap on the ass was a little much. So you're not dating anybody then? No, and before you ask why,the official answer is I'm not ready. Unofficially? Well,I just think that if I couldn't make it work with a guy like you,then... why bother? And don't let that go to your head. Lindsay... it takes two people to fail at a marriage. Come on.One date. One hour of conversation with a martini,calamari? Why do you have to skip right to divorce number two? could we be done? Sure. Hey,uh,some of the guys are stopping by charlie's later on for a drink. You should come by, maybe meet somebody. Maybe. Good night,tom. can I come in? If you're waiting for me to be offensively optimistic,rest easy. Are you okay? I will be,I guess. I've been trying to think of what to say to you. You know,something big and eloquent to explain my stupid behavior? It's not necessary. Good. I couldn't come up with anything. One of the officers gave me this. kind of random,huh? Not if you're a nana or inspector jacobi. It made me remember this time I stole a pack of candy from my mom's purse. I was,like,5 or something. I cried so hard when she caught me. I didn't know how she'd ever forgive me, but all she said was, "if you mean it,sorry's enough." I'm sorry. Sounds like you found your first 20 on laundry day. Get comfortable Good day? Fine. - Boys asleep? - Two hours ago. - Baby,could you... could you bring me some of... - thanks. Oh,you... you're blocking the tv. Ed,I'm here to seduce you. okay. I had a song and a little dance,and that ice cream was gonna be part of it... but it all seemed so much easier in the car. Well,don't give up now. wow. that works. - hey! - This seat taken? You made it. Well,barely.Traffic was nuts. I'm glad you called. I'm glad you were still free. I ordered us some appetizers. Do you know what you wanna drink or you need more time? No,I think I'm ready. all righty. Women'sMurderClub Season  1 Episode 3</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-