flashing across the bay</i> Out to marin count.. I don't know. I can't talk about sex with claire or cindy. And jill-She has sex with anyone that moves. Okay, in your experience, is the third date too soon? I don't know either. ...the wrong direction, So you think you have a green light,</i> In fact, it's red for you. California bay college ..Athletic field ... male victim</i> Well, death draws a crowd. They're young. Death is fascinating. Started out a beautiful morning, But not for him. Colin morse, 20, still soaked from the rain. 2 shots to the chest between midnight and 2:00. - He jogs at midnight? - Field house custodian found him, I.D.'Ed him, said he always ran at midnight. And, uh... one of the entry wounds Has powder burns. Someone put a gun right against this kid's chest and fired. That's angry. I'm so over being nostalgic about college. Claire says pete bought you flowers and dinner at aqua. You know, it's scary. He's just... he's too wonderful. What's going on? The dead guy was accused of rape a couple of months ago. - I don't remember the case. - There was no case. - They arrested him and a friend. D.A. Never filed. - So the boys just walked. I guess everyone disagreed about what happened, Like whether or not the girl was telling the truth. Looks like people still disagree. ±¾×öä»½ö¹©ñ§ï°½»á÷£¬ñï½ûóãóúéìòµóãí¾ -==Http://www.Ragbear.Com==- Women murder club 112</font> -=Ææàãðü×öä»×é=- ·­òë: ð£¶ô: ê±¼äöá:îò°®ê¨ðäð¡s</font> Colin morse- He's the dead kid. And the girl is? Hammond, kate. Which dorm? All right. Thanks. Now if you were raped And they didn't charge the guy, How would you feel? Not angry enough to kill him. Are you sure? Please... Don't make me talk about that night. We want to hear your side of what happened. They raped me. That's my side. It's the most... horrible thing ever. It happens to other people, not you. I remember them taking me down the stairs... I remember i didn't want to go, But i was drunk... And i couldn't stop them. We understand the district attorney - Didn't file charges. - They said i'd have been a bad witness Because i was drunk. Where were you last night, kate? Oh, wow. No. You guys think i killed colin. We have to ask. What happened to you is horrifying, but- That night with colin and jay... It's not just about what happened Or how it happened. It's what you feel every day, And you wonder If you're ever gonna stop thinking about it. You're a strong girl. You'll get through this. I'm not glad he's dead, but i wanted him alive. I wanted to see colin pay- Something, anything. Now i'm not gonna get that chance. My parents convinced me to sue them, you know? Make them pay. We hate to ask, um, we really do, But where were you last night? At a dorm party with, like, a hundred people. I'll write down the ones i remember. My friends don't treat me the same way as they used to. Even my parents don't. They don't see me anymore. They just see what happened. She said she wanted him alive. Did she? I don't know. Since when did you walk away from a suspect Without an opinion? I don't have opinions. I have theories. All right, i'm listening. One thing i know, whoever shot colin morse, It's connected to this rape. I want to talk to this guy she accused-Jay osborne. Look, it-It wasn't rape. Let's be honest. I'm a good-Looking guy. I don't have to rape anyone. I think kate hammond would disagree. Okay, look, morning after, She's hung over, feeling a little guilty About some of the choices that she made, That gets around, she cries rape. And now look what's happened. What do you think's happened, jay? Colin is my best friend. I mean was. No one had a reason to kill him except... Kate hammond. "Rape victim kills rapist," that's the story. Not yet, it isn't. We don't know if she killed him. - Do we think she was raped? - Personally? Yeah. She's 18. There's no upside for her, unless she's crazy, Which she isn't. I read an interview in the campus paper. She doesn't sound like some pathetic creature - Who needs attention. - Don't bring out the feminist guns. I'm not a feminist. Maybe i am, but it's not important. Look, the cops interviewed kate hammond today. It's all over the net. There are gonna be protests - About why these boys weren't prosecuted. - There's the story the d.A.S didn't do their job. - Really? - You brought it up. I want this on the web site today. I really hope this girl didn't do it. It'lmake the d.A.'S office look awful. Then you better cover your ears. All right, the first one- To the liver. The bullet travels straight. Now if i walk up to you with a gun... What do you do? Take out mine. In this case, you don't have one. You either run, or involuntarily back away. He didn't do either. Colin definitely knew his attacker. So whoever did it shot once, Watched him fall, then bent down Put the gun against his chest... Linz, tell me there's another suspect besides the girl. Not yet. You just said "whoever shot him." Usually we assume "he" shot him 'cause it's mostly men. Sometimes we say "she" if we think it's a woman. You said "whoever." What's wrong with that? I'm asking you a question, and you know it. Did the girl kill him? Let's hope not. If you're thinking there's even a chance That girl did it, - Don't say it outside this building. - I wouldn't do that anyway. Jacobi will find out her alibi is good, The search warrant turned up nothing, And we can all move on. - How's pete? Sleep with him yet? - Don't be shy or anything. - Get it over with. You'll feel better. - Jill. Have you seen this? Your pal cindy on the "register's" web site- Says if kate hammond killed the boy, It's because we didn't do our job. - It probably doesn't say that exactly. - Really? Read the article. "Failure of the justice system- Should they have prosecuted?" Cut her off. This piece is irresponsible, Like some grade-B law professor knows how to do my job. Actually, he teaches at stanford. Hi. I called you for a comment. You didn't return my call. A paragraph in, you're saying by not prosecuting colin morse, Our office got him killed. If it was kate hammond who pulled the trigger.</i> If she did, it has nothing to do with us.</i> There was no case to prosecute. The rape kit showed no bruising. Kate hammond-She-She made out with five guys in one night. She drank whiskey out of a shot glass Balanced on a boy's crotch. All we had was a rape counselor Who believed she was traumatized. And kate. You had her testimony. I don't have to defend this office to you. The system failed kate hammond. Cindy, even if that was true, And-And we don't know that it is, - It doesn't justify killing the guy. - And did we put her in that position? It sounds terrible, but what was she thinking, Going down to the basement with two boys... - Wait a minute. - With her blouse half off? What are you saying? She was asking for it? - That's outrageous. - Okay, okay, enough round one-Over. Let's go. She's way overreacting. That was fairly strange. Kate hammond is a suspect, right? No comment. Night, linz. You okay? I'm fine. Hey, you remember the kendall case? The... security guard Who shot the drug dealer for harassing his wife? Yeah, you told me about it on our second date. One thing i never told you about. We went to arrest kendall at his house. His kids were playing in the front hall, His wife... There was toys all over the place. And i looked at him, And i knew that this was a decent guy Who made one mistake When he was protecting his wife against garbage. But it was a homicide. Anyway... i went back to my car, And i cried, linz. I sat there alone behind the wheel And i cried. I did what i had to do, But i didn't like doing it. You've been down here for half an hour. This is about the girl. Yeah. It's about the girl. They raped her. And odds are, she killed him, and if she did... I don't want to be the one that puts her away. If she killed him... You'll do what you do. Night. Hey, boxer. How was your evening last night? Good morning. What's that about? The guys are running a pool... On whether you slept with your boyfriend yet. That's incredibly offensive. Did you pick yes or no? I only bet on sure things. Where are we on the girl's alibi? Well, kate hammond went to a dorm party- Easily a hundred people. We found 41, all of them saw kate, And our interviews put her there until after 2:00 a.M. 41 drunk kids is something short of an ironclad alibi. Well, out of the 41, only 8 really matter. These were taken from eight kids' cell phones. Each is a photo of kate. They were all taken Before midnight until just after 2:00. - Not more than 19 minutes between any of 'em. - How far was the party from the track? Under half a mile. That's plenty of time to leave the party, - Kill him and get back. - There's one minor problem. It was pouring rain. She's not wet in any of those pictures, And her hair is the same. So she has to walk or drive half a mile. If she drives, there can't be any traffic. She has to shoot him, get back, Not get her clothes wet Or change into identical clothes And keep her hair dry and do it all in 19 minutes. - It's impossible. - I thought you believed she did it. I did. So did i, and all i be thinking is, If it turns out she killed him, i understand. Somebody laid a hand on my daughter, I'd sure want to go out and shoot him. Which raises a very interesting question. Kate hammond's father was on the news this morning. The parents came to town after the rape accusation. And they're here again Do you own a gun, mr. Hammond? Your neighbors in phoenix Aren't sure when you left town. I coulda killed the little scum, but no, I don't own a gun. I never have. You know, the death of this young man Brought this back for all of us. We understand. After the rape, Kate couldn't focus on her classes. She lost her boyfriend. From gas stations along the way, In case you... need to check. We're talking to anyone who might have insight Into this murder. Um, katie's boyfriend- Charlie gifford- He was interviewed at the time of the rape? Charlie... was the strength in katie's life. And charlie couldn't kill anyone, If that's what you mean. You're trying hard with this sensitivity. But you know what? You're full of it. We're just doing our job, mr. Hammond. If you were doing your job, Those two boys would be in jail. I loved kate. She was it for me. Charlie, you told the original investigators That you were with kate the night of the rape, But that you left early. A stupid fight over nothing, About getting a place off campus. Kate was worried i'd get sick of her If we lived together. If i'd stayed that night... The rape would've never happened. You broke up after that? It was toxic. She was angry, and i didn't know what to do. I mean, we couldn't even look at each other. Where were you two nights ago? I was in mroom studying. Why? Do you guys realize what you're doing, Accusing kate and me, You guys are ruining our lives all over again. Now we've covered every shooting range in 100 miles. Nobody recognizes kate or charlie from their photos. If they got gun savvy, we have no idea how, And charlie was in his dorm. He swiped his entry card at, uh, 9:35. Half a dozen people saw him over the next couple of hours. You saw the rape file. Charlie feels guilty About leaving kate at that frat house. If he wanted to kill colin morse, He could've done it. He could've found a way to leave his dorm without being seen. I don't think so. Is charlie emotionally capable Of shooting colin and bending down, - Firing into his chest? No. - I'm with you. I don't think the kid has it in him. Where does that leave us? Without a suspect. Linz... you got company. Hi. I, uh, i didn't want to wait till tomorrow to see you. I hope you don't mind. Well, i'm terribly annoyed you didn't speak With my social secretary. You want to, uh, you want to split a muffin? Yeah. We only have another week. I want as much lindsay time as i can get. Well, don't go to phnom penh, And then you can have as much as you like. I have 10 square miles waiting For the most incredible hotel complex in the world. San francisco could use more hotels. That has occurred to me. Are you gonna keep bothering my family? I'm sorry that you think we're bothering you. This is a homicide investigation, kate. I'm not trying to hurt your family or you. You pretend like it bothers you to question me and my parents When you're just looking to solve your case. Don't you have any shame? Let's go, kate. If it's any consolation, that wasn't about you. I'm not so sure. You spend your whole life trying to do the right thing, And sometimes you have to wonder, Is-Is doing the right thing the right thing to do? What? Lindsay, i get up every day And have to believe I do what i do better than anyone in the world. It's completely crazy, and i can't help it. But you, you-You demand perfection of yourself Like no one i have ever seen. I- I don't want to be a perfect person. I know you don't want to be a perfect person. You want to be a perfect cop, and even if you were, linz, You'd still feel bad right now. You wanted a suspect? Amateur video hour. You'll love this. Who's the amateur? There's two of 'em- Our victim, colin morse, And his pal jay osborne. He's the other kid that kate hammond is accusing. Couple of our inspectors down in evidence Went through the dvds that we found When we searched colin's room. Don't tell me they taped themselves raping her. No, not that good, but almost. Then jay said, "i have another bottle in the basement."</i> Now that's colin morse, trying to get his story straight. No, no, no, no, i was already in the basement,</i> Watching the postgame. She invited you to come downstairs.</i> - That's jay osborne. - Concentrate...</i> My god, they're practicing testimony for the civil suit. They're practicing how to lie. So i took her down there- Okay, listen, listen, listen,</i> You've gotta get this right. If we lose this case, we are finished-</i> Me, you, our parents- They're gonna clean us out.</i> - So i'm gonna give you this tape... - Jay wanted colin to perform better,</i> So he made the disc so colin could study his mistakes. Obviously they lied about the rape, But that doesn't prove anything. It proves they raped her - And were afraid of making mistakes in court. - To you and me. - It's not enough for a jury. - They don't say "tell a lie." They don't say "no, no, no, no, tell a lie better." - They just rehearse. -But you heard what jay osborne said. He was afraid his life would be ruined. He was afraid that colin would blow it on the witness stand. That's a motive for murder. Jill, okay, this isn't evidence of murder, But it's evidence they raped her. Is it enough to pick up jay and scare him? Jill? No. No, it's not enough. What the hell was that? I owe your neighbors an apology. Martha barked for half an hour When i got here. Why'd you run out on us? You know why i snapped at cindy? It's not her i'm angry at. It's me. What are you talking about? Two months ago... The d.A.'S weekly conference- We decide which cases go to the grand jury. Kate hammond's case came up. Consensus was there was no point going to trial. I said... Nothing. The case was unwinnable Based on what you knew at the time. I forgot she was this little girl Who got drunk And didn't know what she was getting into. You were doing your job. She wanted to testify. How many women want to face their attackers? I should've stood up for kate hammond's right to a day in court. We owed her that. I made a mistake. I'm gonna do everything i can to fix it. Counselor,what are you doing here at 6:00 in the morning? I need a warrant signed, judge, and you're always in early. Jay osborne... the hammond rape... Search warrant. Huh. Do you really have probable cause for murder? This one time, if you could do me a favor, I admit it's a stretch. We might get slammed on appeal. Let 'em try. I hate rapists. Do those latex gloves dry out your skin? You can always tell how old a person is by the way that their hands look. Jay, question-Colin never came home from running the other night, And his room's right next door. Didn't you notice that? I was asleep. You guys must be really desperate for suspects if you think that i shotim. Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. These are my meds for asthma. Breathe deep. Hey, you gotta leave me my meds. There's a drug store around the corner. Jay's ticket stubs- First-Class airfare... Ski lift tickets, Aspen and vail. Alibi for time of death? He was asleep. That's why he didn't realize colin was missing. Interesting. His meds are the only thing he got excited about. What kind of asthma meds need an eyedropper? Odorless... And clear. What you found was definitely gamma hydroxybutyrate. G.H.B.- Date rape drug of choice. Gas chromatography- On the left, The liquid you found in jay osborne's room, On the right, pharmaceutical quality g.H.B. They look close, but not exact. Why would there be a difference? Jay's was homemade. Coulda whipped it up in a chem lab. The dead kid-Colin morse- Was a chemical engineering major. They doped her. They drugged her so she wouldn't resist. No wonder there wasn't any bruising. Not for publication. Linz, there was no g.H.B. In the blood sample From kate hammond's rape kit. Those boys made it. They used it. I'll test it again. I gotta go. Now look at these. This slug came from colin morse. And this identical slug was found in the wall After a liquor store shoot-Up three weeks ago. So two diffe crimes, same gun. Who was the shooter in the liquor store holdup? Robbery division suspects a guy named, uh, leon perker. He's got a sheet full of armed robbery and felony drug sales. Now the liquor store matched his m.O. But the clerk couldn't i.D. Him, And when they picked up leon, he didn't have the gun on him. An armed robber and a drug dealer. Does he shoot a kid on a running track at midnight? I doubt leon shot colin morse. So our friend leon must have sold his gun to someone. Who used it to kill colin. Let's arrest mr. Perker,and then we roll him and find out who he sold the gun to. Arrest him for what? Leon perker. Boxer, jacobi- S.F.P.D. We're looking for a gun, a.38. Sell one recently? I don't mess with weaponry. Why don't you lose grandpa? Take a seat, And the three of us can have some fun. Is that so? You're pretty hot for a cop, Just like my girl here. He's right, rita. You do look good. Thanks, lindsay. Yeah, i know your date. Officer howe and i work together. She didn't tell you that when she was buying your smack, did she? So, leon... we gonna take you in for a drug felony, Or are you gonna tell us who you sold a gun to? Don't put your hand on that. I have my hand on mine.</i> He has his hand on his. Come on. All right, turn around, put your hands on the bar where i can see 'em. Oh, man. Leon perker, you are under arrest for terminal stupidity. I'm having trouble seeing this. A guy selling drugs, And you're getting ready to pull a gun? I'm sorry. You probably don't want to hear about this. No, no, it's- It's incredible, really. I'm really glad you're here. I would... much rather be thinking about you than... And this place is mess. I am so sorry. I should, um... Would you stop apologizing? I just... What? I just wanted this to be special. It is. * oh * * so many people * * think we've got it wrong * * they all try to break us * * but we won't play along * * so let's get * * down and dirty, baby * * let's get restless, baby * * come on, get crazy with me * * and i said * * when you're loving me * * i'm loving you * You went and got coffee? Actually, i flew to colombia and back for fresh beans. These early morning flights to south america are brutal. Also, breakfast treats for the girl who loves scones- Scones- And a snack for martha. Yeah. There you go. She says thanks. And me, too. Thank you. You, uh, you sleep okay? You tossed a lot. Yeah, i do that. Uh, you? I nodded in and out. You okay with last night? Mm-Hmm. Uh, y-Yeah. It was... It was great. Why? Well, when i, uh, got here, we were having dinner, You... well, you seemed a little nervous. Um... i haven't felt Things like this in- Inong... time. Me, too. Totally. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, i can get nervous. I don't, like... meet anybody, you know, like this. I... And then maybe there's always, you know, The-The first time being here in your apartment. Yeah, it's- It's been a while, you know. Yeah, and martha watching. And i'd just come from bringing in a suspect... Yeah, i'm sure it's one of the above. Or... all of the above. All of the above, yeah. It was so great. I hope it wasn't too soon. It-It really was great. And-And it couldn't be too soon. How much longer could we wait? U're leaving in a week. Hey, leon took the deal. We drop the drugs, he goes down for the gun. And we get a lineup? Five young men in skullcaps. And leon's description of the young man who bought the gun Sounds a lot likjay osborne. You take your time, get it right. Not here. This some sort of trick or something? No, this is no trick, and don't try one on us. I got a keen memory. The kid that approached me, none of these are him. There's no tattoo. What tattoo? Spiky fence on the wrist. Take leon back to holding. Kate's ex-Boyfriend charlie has a tattoo on his wrist. Pick him up. Heads-Up. 50 reporters outside. Jay osborne and his lawyer are holding a press conference in a half an hour. It's all over cable news. We just did the lineup. How'd they get the reporters here so fast? It's a setup. Jay's lawyer invited them before the lineup. He knew his client was gonna walk. They're making him a victim. They'll say he was accused of rape and murder- Accused twice, innocent twice. Mm-Hmm, and that kind of publicity? Kate hammond doesn't win her civil suit. Today's press conference brought to you by barnum & bailey. Anybody bring popcorn? Ladies and gentlemen, in what anyone would call a travesty of justice... Go knock him down a peg or two. Oh, i will bring the heated questions. Then we'll take questions. I'm sorry for that poor girl kate hammond And my friend colin, who i miss every day... He's gonna miss the ne 20 years of his life when we nail him for rape. Add five years for drugging her. Amen. We sent two guys over to pick up the ex-Boyfriend. My stomach'll turn if i have to listen to this kid for one more minute. Wait, wait. When did they leave to arrest charlie? You raped her, you son of a bit! No! Stay down. Stay down! Jay didn't get hit. Lindsay! No, no, no. Cindy! Cindy. Code 33,this is 5-Henry-12, 10-25. Request medical... Cindy. Cindy, honey, can you hear me? Bullet went past the left lung, lodged in the intestine. Missed the abdominal aorta by what,like 10 millimeters? Less. Talk about lucky. Aside from blood loss, she's fine. Call if you need me. Thank you. I lost my temper with her. For reasons we all can understand. Anyway, she wouldn't even be in that bed If we had the right suspect in the first place. I hate to inform both of you that however much You want to be in control of everything, you're not. Boxer. Okay. I'll be right there. Charlie has a lawyer. He wants to talk. Counselor, you don't seem to understand. We're not here to discuss the shting of cindy thomas. We got 50 eyewitnesses who saw him do it. Our ballistics says the gun used today Is the same gun that was used to kill colin morse. My client's gonna tell you everything. Then the d.A., who i assume, is behind that mirror...</i> You're about to see this kid hang himself. Is gonna offer to plead him out.</i> All morning, i... i couldn't stand it.</i> Jay was posting in a chat room... He didn't sign it,but... I knew it was him- Talking about how kate was a liar and a slut And how she begged... them For sex. When i saw on tv about the press conference- He lost control. Save it for the jury, counselor. So you lost control, charlie. They treated kate... Like meat... Like she wasn't even human... Telling the cops it was consensual, You know, like she asked to be raped. No one defended kate, Not the police, not the school, nobody. So you defended her. That's right. I shot him. He fell down, and i shot him again. I put the gun to his chest... I looked in his eyes And... i pulled the trigger. You didn't have to kill him. Kate was suing. Why'd you get in the way of that? 'Cause it's all my fault. I should've been there that night with kate, And none of this would've happened.</i> So it had to be me. It had to be me. Don't ask me why we're here. I'll tell you when i know. Look, the kid confessed. They book him, we get a formal confession on tape, We move on. What's wrong with his confession? I don't know. I do know.</i> We have two shootings. One is careful, planned. The second one is so spur of the moment, He didn't even know where to point the gun. I just don't believe the same person's responsible for both shootings. And he's covering for kate hammond? We walked this, lindsay. There's no way she gets From the party to here and stays dry. If she walks, she's in heavy rain for 15 minutes. You saw those pictures. She's as dry as a good martini. She found a way to get here and back and stay dry. How? Was she airlifted? This might be a good time to remind you, We have a confession. What is that? What? Look. At what? An underground steam pipe? There are tons of them. They're about a foot high, And they don't run half a mile between buildings. If you're thinking kate hammond Crawled through a pipe duct, forget it. What if it's more than a steam pipe? Why do you want it to be her? I don't want it to be her. I just know it is. And how do you intend to prove it? I can't. Yet. My name is charles gifford, And i am making this statement of my own free will.</i> I admit that i killed colin morse,</i> And i admit... Hi, kate. That i attempted to kill jay osborne.</i> What's going on? My actions were my own... We're recording charlie's confession. I thought you'd want to watch. And i ted alone.</i> This is about the shooting yesterday? I didn't plan on killing colin until</i> And colin's murder. He's confessing to both. Three or four weeks after what they did to kate.</i> I was so angry. They raped her.</i> Why is he doing that? I thought the law was gonna handle it...</i> Because he loves you. My guess, he decided to take out jay And take the rap in one big romantic gesture... Which would be impressive if he knew how to shoot a gun. This isn't right. I know you did it, kate. Then you wouldn't let charlie go to jail, would you? I know it was you. I just can't prove it. I told you, i was at the party that night. Yeah, and that was a challenge. How'd you shoot colin and manage to stay dry? I should've known... better, But... a 1950s bomb shelter tunnel? That's... that's way before my time. Even the people that we asked, They didn't even know they were there. But i found a story about them in the college archives, And as it turns out, one of those tunnels Goes from the dorm basement straight to the field house. Why don't you arrest me? Because all i have is a theory. Charlie's confessed. They finish in there, he goes to prison. It's all over. I know something else about you kate, About the night you were raped. You were drugged. Colin and jay gave you g.H.B. But they tested me for that. The g.H.B. That they gave you didn't show up in the test, But we know that they gave it to you. So, honey, what happened that night Was not because you were drunk Or irresponsible. You were just unconscious. Bastards. Yeah, that's right. And i think anyone would understand you wanting them dead, But, hey... After all the lies that have been told, After all the lies that people have believed, Don't you think that it's time That someone started telling the truth? N- No one believed me. They thought i wanted this to happen. How'd you do it that night? I snuck out of the dorm party And went to the field and shot colin. Charlie bought me the gun, And then he took it from me afterwards. I thought it'd be enough to sue them. I really did. Then... they sent me something. What did they send you? A valentine. It said, "you will be in our hearts forever." I knew i had to do something. So you shot colin? I sometimes forget how good you are in that room. Good, huh? Right. I take her in there,i show her charlie, i make her my friend... Yeah, i'm a good cop, But i sometimes wonder if i'm a good person. Maybe this will help. What's this? An arrest warrant. You're booking him on rape? It's absurd. You've got no case. Shut up, jay. No, i'm quoting the district attorney. We had no case, Until we found g.H.B. In his desk. The rape kit-There was no g.H.B. In her blood. No pharmaceutical grade, but the boys made home brew. Degrades differently, takes a better test. Which she ran. And since their homemade stuff has a unique chemical signature, The g.H.B. Can be traced to its source. We can prove you doped kate up, which corroborates her story. We're gonna find you a nice little holding cell. I- You c-Wait. Come on. Jay... your best friend is dead, And you're going to jail. Do you know why? Because you and colin decided that if you wanted something, You could just take it. You think about that. I'm gonna take mr. Osborne down to booking, Get his picture taken. You get all the fun jobs. I lost a whole day. I don't remember any of it. You're on painkillers. You won't remember any of this either. Try to remember this. I owe you an apology. I was angry at myself, and i took it out on you. Thanks. I'm glad we got that settled. I have to go meet pete. I'm gone a whole day, and yore still dating. Well, you know... today. I'm not promising tomorrow. Night. I gotta get home and look at homework. Okay. Are we still friends? I mean, after the way i insulted you. I'm...i'm sorry. Forgiven. If we are friends, Do you think you could stay until my parents get here? Sure. * i can see the light begin * I thought we were meeting at the restaurant. Yeah, i didn't want to wait. I been thinking too much. What are you thinking about? About the fact that i'm leaving in a week, and it... Changes everything. Yeah, i know. So what do you think? Should we end it now? *... within * Might be the smart thing. Saves a lot of pain in the end, for both of us * if there are times when you need... * Then again, nobody's ever called me smart. Come to think of it, me neither? * you can find a place in me * * and you'll always be free * * now that you're here * * i want you to know * Do you wanna... come upstairs? I have some cold pizza in the fridge. Yeah, um... can, uh, martha sleep in another room? Yeah, i'll talk to her. Great. * you'll always be free *