The show's over here. Oh. Okay. Name of the deceased? Dakota manning-- A.K.A. Glenn whitney. E club owner, oliver duprix, found her-- Him. Uh, the body. Let's get mr. Duprix in here. Hell of a way to make an exit. Mm. Are you just gonna leave her like that? Mr. Duprix? Darling, tonight i wish i weren't. Pardon me. I have to deal with some lookie loos. Dakota was my greatest star. I have to protect her. Can you tell us what happened? Around 7:00, i was passing by here, And i heard glenn behind closed doors with somebody. Now i did not recognize the voice, But they were arguing something fierce. Was the voice, uh, male, female? Male. Although you can never be too sure Here at the illusion room. What were they fighting about? Inspector, my mother was a simple girl from abilene When she bought this place, and she taught me, When your castle's full of queens, You stay on the other side of the moat, But when dakota didn't show up onstage by 8:30, I came looking. Thank you for your help. Hmm. Okay. I've seen my share of freak accidents. Something tells me he didn't trip, fall and drown in there. Definite signs of a struggle. Yeah, and no shortage of suspects either. If the body was discovered at 8:30, That means the whole audience would have been here. Break a leg, superstar. Ladiesnd gentlemen, uh, I am inspector lindsay boxer From the san francisco police department. Too bad. Uh, please take your seats. Thers been a murder. -==Http://www.Ragbear.Com==- Ãàå®×¨°¸×é µú 1 ¼¾ µú 9 ¼¯ -=Ææàãðü×öä»×é=- ·­òë£º¸öèëid ð£¶ô£º¸öèëid ê±¼äöá£º¡ïâ¬asy±ó¡ï&ëõò»èþ</font> So much for glamour. Subconjunctival hemorrhage. He was heaving hard enough To blow the blood vessels in his eyes. Gastric contentsndicate a standard-Issue cruditèœ…s plate. Explains how you're a size 4, you skinny thing. The's menthol in my purse if you need it. No, someone's already got dibs on it. Roses, espresso, fresh-Baked cinnamon buns. I'm fine. Wh do you think, claire? If you hadn't pointed out the signs of struggle, I'd have said textbook drug overdose. But he did drown? I can't say definitely till the autopsy. That audience is full of surly lawyers Who claim we have no right to hold 'em. They're making this out to be some kind a gay gitmo. I'm on it. Hi, folks. Hi. I hope you've been waiting a while... This is terrible Dakotaas an icon in the gay community. She--She hosted charity events. She grand marshaled the pride parade. How did you get in here? The bouncers know me. I am grace to, like, Ten wills in this city. Well, then you're the perfect person To ask around about glenn whitney. Can you find out who hated him enough to take him for a swim? My friend dominic works At the san francisco gay & lesbian center. If he can't offer up some leads, no one can. Well, sadly, there is someone else. Glenn made sure i took my medicine every morning. He'd stand there, glasof water in one hand, Fistful of horse pills in the other, And cheer as i downed them. Oh, it's ridiculous, i know, But he was hell-Bent on killing my cancer with kindness, And he did. I've been in remsion three months. How long were you two tother, mr. Ford? Ten years,£¿£¿£¿ Were you involved in the show, too? Glenn recruited for "dakota manning's cabaret drag-Array." I made thespectacular. Had he had any, uh, recent conflicts with anyone? No. Why? Before the show, mr. Duprix said That he heard glenn arguing in his dressing room. That's not possible. While he was transforming, glenn never received visitors, Not even me. He'd hole himself up, mix himself a dirty martini, And, um, he wouldn't emerge until curtain. What is it? Therwere some ys at the club a few eks ago. Drunk, homophobic punks looking to me trouble. They heckled dakota, and she gave it right ck to them. Ripped into them until they left With their tail between their legs. Uh... i'm not a big believer in coincidence. Neither are we. But that night, the cars in the lot were vandalized. Glenn's took the brunt of it. Windows were smashed. All of his costumes were stolen. Some of my best work. Did you call the police? Yes, but without names or eyewitnesses, They said there was nothing they could do. Please don't tell me i'm gonna hear that again. Not from us. Yoknow, property crimes rely needso step it up. I pulled the report for the car vandalism at the illusion room. There are no ptographs. The address is wrong. The event description is blank. I an, w-We're trying to solve a homicide, This is thin-House help we get? I-- É©´y estè°?Es la ay jacobi. Que recibimos? What's that? Nothing. Babcock got us a group discount At the international house of ties. I'll put it away. Well, y would you do that? 'Cause it's a 100%-Silk reminder of your ex-Husband's wedding. Some would find it distracting. I am laser-Focused on this case. A little italian neckwear isn't gonna distract me. Could we please fast-Forward to sunday When the stupid weddg will be over with? It's all anybody can talk about. You were just talking about it, weren't you? Actually, the opposite. As in, where you, cindy and i ll be instead. "The transcendence spa. Come experience blis" I hate bliss. We know, but nothing rids the body of impurities And thoughts of your ex-Husband's nuptials Faster than a green tea body wrap. I would rather have a batub full of bourbon. I just got glenn whitney's preliminary blood work back. He had g.H.Bin his system. Caus euphoria, increased sex drive. I checked with glenn's partner. He swears he didn't use. Well, g.H.B. Isn't always recreational. Yeah, it's the date rape drug. A g.H.B. Overdose matches what we observed at the scene, Anautopsy should confirm it. Okay. Let's meet back here at the end of the day. About that. As y'a know, Uh, while you're all transcending tomorrow, I'm gonna be atom's wedding, and i'm not happy about it. My allegiance lies with you, but... Getting out of the house and seeing old coworkers Is the first thing my husband Has been looking forward to in months. Well, so what's the problem? The problem is everyone in homicide Wants their autopsies before the big day, and i'm buried. Something only complicated by i'm taking a half-Day today. You know this means you'll be dealing with my sub. Have fun at my ex-Husband's wedding. Here you are. Off t lead about glenn whitney's car, I stopped by the gay & lesbian center's hate crime office. Here's a copy of their report on the incident. Okay, this is at i call a case file. Anyway, i the only one who sees greek letters Scratched in there? "Pi theta delta." And the only school in the city with a chapter of that frat Is 4 miles from the illusion room. S.F.P.D. Can we come in? Mm. We, that sounds like a "yes" to me. What is that smell? Misspent youth. All right, everyone against the wall. Let's go. My dad's goa kill me! Dude, i got a 2:00 final. Oh, cry me a river, doll. Do any of these fine youngen look familiar? The one in the gray sweatshirt d the two on the far right. They were dakota's hecklers, no doubt. Ose are his dresses. We got three positive i.D.S. Well, for the vandalism and property theft, yes. I just got off the phone with the chapter president. Pi theta delta hosted a toy drive For the children's hospital the night of the murder. All the boys were apparently accounted for. S-So they just get to go home. They're not going home to much. Once i file hazing And underage drinking charges with the university, That house of theirs is good as gone. May i have glenn's things now? Uh, we can only release personal belongings To family members, spouses or children. Do you have a certificate of domestic partnership? D glenn have a will? When i was sick, I wanted us both to draw one up, but he refused. He said it meant i was surrendering to e cancer. Now wh happens? Intestaclaws dictate his remains and property Pass to next of kin. To his parents? The ones who disowned him. Glenn would not wanthat. This is a nightmare. Our house is in his name. I can help file a temporary restraining order Against the family. It'll buy you some time. It'll prevent them from barging in and taking things. Otherwise, there's not much else we can do. I'm sorry. Sy? Uh, just-- Just a lite. Trying to tie up some loose ends before... What's up? Glenn whitney's domestic partner was just here, And... Seeing how he wasn't really prepared To be, uh, one half of a couple all of a sudden... I mean, sometimes it's not all of a sudden. Sometimes, you know, it's gradual. It--W-Whatever way it--It happens, it's--It's sad. I mean, he dn't get a chance to tie up loose ends. You know, he--He didn't get a chance to say good-Bye, And it just made me think about how important it was To mark the end of something, And, you know, make sure things end on a--On a good note. Linz-- Tomorrow is--It's a-- It's a big day for you,and... In a way, it is for me, too. But... truthfully, tom, I just--I just wanted to extend my warmest-- Tom!It's a disaster. Buffalo-Nowed in. The airport is shut down, and my entire family is stuc okay. Who's gonna walk me down the aisle? And we're gonna have three empty tables at the... Reception. Oh, my god. You're in the middle of something. Actually-- No, no. It's okay. We're done. The whitney autopsy is your first order of business. Not according to the case number.Okay. Inspector boxer is expecting a quick turnaround,... The order received is the order cleaved. That protocol. Bernhardt,n act of god Has left one of our colleagues in crisis. Now i've asked our office to roll up its sleeves. Sure. What do you need? Excellent. Clear your schedule tomorrow. We're going to lieutenant hogan's wedding. Tomorrow's no go. I have plans, Uncancelable plans with a friend with a crisis ofer own. This is a move to bolster interdepartment relations. It's a work function, i.E., mandatory. Anything else? Gd. Details are in my evite. My computer is down. 3:00. Marina plaza. Plusne. And oh, it's a green event, so put together a carpool. Linz. We've got good news d bad news. The bad news is mostly terrible for me, Because i'm being forced by the evil powers that be To miss spa day in favor of tom's wedding. The good news is, you're gonna be getting Some one-On-One bonding time with... ta-Da! Oh, you think i'm gonna talk too much. No, it's just that Glenn whitney's datebook is preoccupying me. Obviously, because you ignored the words "Me, forced" and "tom's wedding." Well, i had a hunch. Denise has bn running around telling eryone How she saved the day. Wouldn't she just? Anyway, um, glenn had meetings With a guy namedhaddeus once a week, And taped to the page of today, There's a check made out to thdeus, And have no idea for what. Wasn't a wig fitting if they met at the hotel eureka. That place is male prostitute central. He was cheating on bruce? Maybe thaddeus fought with glenn in his dressing room. Well, hustlers have plenty of access to g.H.B. I'd know. I've prosecuted my share. Well, i guess it's check-In time at the hotel eureka. There he is. Thaddeus prescott, we have to ask you A few questions about glenn whitney. Why? What's going on? You tell us. Was he one of yo clients? E tuyo? Oh, no, no, no. You've got the wrong idea, man. Uh-Huh. En what exactly is your relationship with glenn whitney? He's my father. Glenn's contract with the sperm bank Said that he'd be cool with a onetime meeting once i turned 18. How was that get-Together? It was pretty trippy. Most people would be shocked To find out their biological father was gay, Much less a renowned drag queen. Yeah, but the more that i thought about it, The more it answered a lot of major questions, Like why i'm an outsider in my own family, Why i don't share their dreams for me. You know, grow up, go to penn, become a stockbroker. What--What do you got in there? Martin 17 series. Same as dylan's. It's nice. Yeah, i saved up two summers to buy that. You play? You should hear his "purple haze." Well, then you get why i wanted glenn to be a part of my life. I mean, he was a performer, too. It didn't really matter to me what kind. That's why he started making donations To the fertility clinic in the first place. The money helped keep him afloat while he refined his act. It's pretty cool, huh? To think that i'm in this world Because of his art? And how about glenn's partner bruce? Uh, did he know you were in the world? He was real sick at that point. Glenn thought that it would be too big a bomb to drop. He was gonna tell him eventually, but until then, We met in secret. And he'd give you money? Yeah, to help me out. My parents really aren't so cool With whole the music thing. How not so cool? You should have been there last night. They showed up all ballistic and tried to drag me home. Like i don't have enough drama living in that place as it is. We screamed at each other for, like, an hour. What time was this? 7:30 by the time they left. About an hour before glenn whitney turned up dead. Mm-Hmm. Thaddeus, we're gonna need to talk to them. Why? You don't think that... No. They're republicans. They're not murderers. Besides, they didn't even know glenn. They never knew that i tracked him down. In my experience, parents know everything. A homosexual impregnated my wife? You didn't know? 18 years ago, The clinics didn't keep as much personal data on donors. If i'd been made aware, i... We'd have never let any part of that... Pervert near her. I'm sorry. We're taught to hate the sin, love the sinner. To think that our son has been lying to us this whole time... Thaddeus mentioned that you all Haven't been gting along recently. 750 on his math s.A.T., and he wants to be a rock star. You're damn right we're not getting along. There was an argument at the hotel. Where did you go after? To reverend dodd, our pastor. We're not monsters, inspector. Our only crime is loving our son too much. It's not easy letting go, but... We're trng. Okay. We'll be in touch. Is that it? Mm-Hmm. Thank you. Awkward for me-- Telling a baptist she'd been impregnated by a drag queen. How was it for you What is is? Uh, this is a non-Bullpen conversation. Now look, i know you've had a rough week... oh, please don't. But... please. All i'm saying is, If you need me, i will blow off th wedding. It's not pity. Hell, we won't even call it commiseration. It's just two paners burying themselves in a case On a satday afternoon. Well, as much as i would like to take you up on that, Someone has already beaten you to the babysitting gig, so... Go and--And--And enjoy yourself. I'm serious. Go. Jacobi. Thk you. Hey. Would you lovelyadies like some champagne? Yes. Yes. I'll come with you. Be back. Yeah. Damn, our boys are cute. Speaking of cute. Warren jacobi, you clean up good. You know, i try. Where's your date? Why bring a snack to an all-You-Can eat ffet? Ladies. Ooh, these look delicious. Thank you. All right. I'm almost fgetting to feel guilty About not being with lindsay. You know what? We did all we could. From this moment on, I propose that we focus our full attention On the fantastic men in our lives And being exactly where we are. That mig be easier said than done. Who's ready for a hand and foot fantasy? Um, i left a message for claire's sub--Roberta-- To call me on my cell As soon as she is done with the whitney autopsy. Am i forgetting anything? No. Hu not forgetting. No. What was that? Wh? That hesitation... And now the lack of eye contact and the foot tapping. What? Nothin it should wait until tomorrow. I promised jill and claire i would keep you On a very specific schedule. You know you want to tell me, or we'd be out the door by now. This morning i was at bruce's apartment, Getting some anecdotes for my article. He gave me these. They're from glenn's computer. "If you wanna be a woman, Drag pig, my knife can make it happen." One vile, threatening e-Mail a day For three months straight. From karenadams@sfglc.Org. It's the gay & lesbian center's server. They have an internet cafèœ?That offers free e-Mail accounts. I was gonna stop by and ask arnd a bit, but-- Yes. Go do that. It will take me two minuteto find karen adams' me address, Ten minutes to do a stop by. Yeah, i'll call the spa, push our appointments a half-Hour. Yeah..Yeah Yeah. Jill and claire never have to know, right? No. I like your stely, thomas. Hi, i'm lindsay boxer, san francisco police department. -I'm looking for karen adams. -Yeah, she's not home. -Are you her roommate? -Yeah. Well, do you happen to know where she is? She hasn't been around all weekend. Look, i'late for work. -Boxer. -Did you find her? No.I met the roommate, ough. He couldn't be bothered. Lindsay, that may have been her. No, the roommate's a guy. No, karen adams is better known as "bu baltimore." She's a drag king. Hang on. I'm--I'm sending you a picture. Hey, buzz. We weren't properly introduced. So i know it's none of my business But i've got to ask. Denise? Well, i couldn't wait around for you forever. But denise? Well, she's uh, beautiful, smart, successful. Overbearing, cutthroat, ckstabbing. You obviously don't know her. Still, do my department a favor. Keep her happy and away from us for the next four hours. We need a break. So your job is impersonating bobby darin? Do you do "mack the knife"? After all, it is about a murderer. Ms. Adams. Not too bright, sending glenn wtney threats From your personal e-Mail account. Screw that. I'm protecting myself. Okay, we're already recording this. I can make you a copy. No, thanks. Let's get back to glennhitney. He was a vious old queen who was out to get me. Oh, so you're the victim? That show of his guarantees exposure Not to mention decent cash, so i auditioned. Twice. What was his response? Nothing. Until i find out he's been bad-Mouthing me To other club owners around town Saying i'm unprofessional. After that, people stopped hiring me. You had a gig tonight. For free. Why couldn't you just accept That maybe glenn whitney didn't like your act? He was a shortsighted misogynist like the rest of them. See, when a man straps it down, throws on a dress, Everyone calls it fabulous, but when a chick Dresses up like a guy, all they feel is threatened. I'm starting to think you're the threatened one, karen. Threatened enough to poison glenn whitney. Surprises me, though-- Tough broad like yourself Choosing such a cowardly way to do it. Is it cowardly to ask for a lawyer? Excuse me. I'm looking for inspector boxer. Sorry. I-I don't know when she'll be back. Could you just tell her that thaddeus prescott was here? Thaddeus. Hi. I'm cindy thomas. -I'coring glenn's story for the "register." -Oh, hey. Listen, this might sound forward, But i've been in contact with glenn's partner bruce. He's obviously having a rough time, too. Anyway, i just thought if you wanted to contact him I could, uh... Well, here's my card. Excuse me. Thaddeus? How's it going? Moved home yesterday. I found them in my dad's study. They were trying to file a restraining order against glenn? Yeah, but look. It's dated six months ago. -That's when he and i first met. -They knew about him all along. Right. So why wouldn't they have said something to me? And why would they have lied to you? Unless... Do you have a friend you can stay with? Good. Go there and wait for my call, okay? Roberta, i asked you to call When you finished the whitney autopsy. I did. On my cell. I've been waiting for this information -For you to walk me through it. -Well, i'm off the clock now. If you want this conversation to ctinue, you should contact The chief medil examiner's office Request an overtime approval rm-- Okay,you know what? You i don't need. Believable. We are gathered here today to recognize the bond That you have declared, And to hold it up for all to see. With that in our hearts and minds Thomas daniel hoga Do you take heather to be your wedded wife, To live together in marr-- To live togethern marriage? Do you promise to love, honor, cherish and keeper... For richer, for poorer... Claire? Hello? In sickness and in health, For saking all others And being faithful only to her For as long as you both shall live? I do. And, heather marie donnelly Do you take this man to be your husband To live together in-- What happened? He said "i do." You found your date yet? This is not a process you can rush. We're doing shots! -No, thank you. -Hey, overrul. Everybody, everybody. Okay. Uh... Ooh! Thank you. Mm. She's doing the conga line by herself. When i asked you to keep her happy I di't mean get her blitzed. The woman's got a llow leg. Wh's the secret? Um... no? No. Come on, dance with me. Dance with me Okay. Huh. Uh, speaking of dancing, has anyone seen my wife? Ooh, ooh Thank you. What? No, no, no. You--You are not getting out of the hokey pokey. Let's go. I'm surpsed you haven't kicked me out. -No, we--We've all been there. -Mm..Hmm. -What's this? -Someone needed my rush input on an autopsy And, uh, the chef was kind enough tlet me use his fax. "Someone" who? Uh... Tom? I've been looking all over for you. Did you... Sneak out and smoke a cigar? No, sweetheart. I did not. Lovely wedding. Did you see... either one of these people At the club the night of the murder? All of me wants to say "yes," but... Oh, everyone's gonna be so disappointed. We were hoping for some closure Before the memorial service tonight. You should come. The illusion room wasn't nothing but a gin mill with a jukebox Before glenn walked ithe door. He was my good luck charm. I owe him everything. Um, thank you for coming in. How much do you hate me? Not as much as an eco-Conscious kindergarten teacher hates me. I'm so sorry. It was asinine to call. I just... i was blinded by rage. My fault for leaving you with roberta. Thank you. Okay, topsy showed pulmonary edema. Put simply-- Glenn whitney had water in his lungs. So he did drown. Uh, what about the g.H.B.? I'm looking at the complete tox analysis. The levels in his system Topped out at 30 milligrams per liter. And in most overdoses, that number's over 100. -So the killer underdosed him. -Not surprising. If he bought it on the street There'd be no way of telling how concentrated it was. Which is why our murderer moved to plan "b"-- Shoving glenn's head in the toilet. Okay, have fun at the party. Bye. All right, so we have two sets of suspects. And since karen adams hasn't been assigned A public defender yet, i can't talk to her -So-- -The prescotts it is. I'm gonna pay them visit And ask them why they lied about not knowing glenn whitney. And i can drop you at home. Unh-Unh. No,, no, no, no. I promised jill and claire that i wouldn't leave you. W--That was when we were spa-Ing, and now i'm working. Lindsay, you just heard your ex-Husband's wedding vows. Have you taken five minutes to process how huge that is? Why would you? You're a hardened homicide inspector. Here's the thing-- At some point, you're gonna be hit With a wave of loss and sadness so massive You're not even gonna be able to breathe. So will you just shut up and let me be here for you? Let's go. U see? Weddings aren't all that bad. I mean, can't you see yourself in a white dress Surrnded by solar-Powered twinkle lights And fair-Trade floral arrangements? Honey. Oh, i know. I know. Not your thing. To tell you the truth, i, uh, I have been thinking about taking theext step In order to protect what we have And who were are to each other. Luke... Will you draw up Papers for living wills And durable power of attorney with me? Of course i will, you sentimental fool. Kiss me. Yeah? Yeah. Hey. You, uh, leaving? Well, let's just say cinderella's on borrowed time. Oh. Need a hand, man? She seems to be missing a shoe. Oh. Here you go. Come on. Let's get going. Come on. Hey, come on Hey, get off. I'm fine. Listen, you don't want to have any regrets come monday So i'm taking-- I'm just gonna take you home. You're just trying to get rid of me. Okay, don't think that i haven't seen you and bernhardt Flirting all night. W--Right in front of me. You're my date. Okay, maybe we should take this outside. -What do you say? -Maybe you should take me home, huh? Then he can go screw your girlfriend Behind your back again. Sorry, not behind your back. On her desk. Denise, come on. -Well, that was a lot of fun. -Just let go of me. I'm fine. -Whoa, whoa, watch yourself. Hey, hey, hey. -Let go. I'- -Listen, i hope you're proud of yourself. -God, i just want to get-- Excuse me. Exse me. Taxi! Luke. Luke! Let me explain. Is that true? Yeah. You know what's sad? Is that i'm not even surprised. How can i fix this? Just tell me -And i'll do it. -Jill, you can't. -Whatever it is, i'll do it. -No. No, no, no, no, you can't fix this. You know, it was car to me from the beginning That you were only half in this -But that was okay because i loved you. -That's not true. Now--Yeah, yeah, it is true, because now it's apparent That you were never in this, never. -Luke, please. No, i'm sorry. Hello? It's over. What? Luke fou out about hanson, and, uh, he left. My purse and keys are in his car. I-I need you to come pick me up. Wh--Hang on a second. Where's claire? Please? I can't go back in there. Okay. Meet me out back in ten. Linz, i am so sorry. For what, having a relationship ltdown? Don't be. But just, the ris of sounding insensitive... Let's get the hell out of here. How'd y'all gehere so fast? W-We were on our way to talk to the prescotts They your prime suspects? Right now they're in a dead heat with this karen adams. She's a male impersonator, Performs under the name buzz baltimore. Wow, you two have missed a lot. Does she have motive? Yes, besides being completely bizarre. I've never seen anything like it. She spaces out. She laughs uncontrollably. She even pulled out a tape recorder -In the middle of my questioning. -Is she narcoleptic? Did she conk out in the middle of my interview? No. But, like, two seconds after i put her in the holding cell, She was out like a light. Well, all the things you've mentioned are classic symptoms. A tape recorder is a symptom? Because narcoleptics often have no memory Of previous conversaons, they tend to carry them. That sounds terrible. But it just made karen adams Pull ahead of the prescotts as a susct. Narcoleptics are treated with sodium oxybate, -Also known as g.H.B. -Excuse me. I was looking for tom. Have you seen him? We haven. I didn't mean to... -You need to leave. -Absolutely. No, all of you. I'm sorry. Don't take this the wrong way. I don't want to be a bitch, but this is my wedding And you're not doing me any favors by being here When i know that you would all rather be somewhere else. You can't stay off the phone. You were the center of a drunken spectacle. I don't even know you. And you... crashing weddings and lurking in the alley. This can't be fun for you. It's not. He's not yours anymore, lindsay. So do yourself a favor and let him go. We checked for fingerprints again On the toilet, walls and the light switch. Zilch on the blo and hair. I mean, there's nothing that suggests Anyone but glenn whitney was in there. Hey, jill got a search warrant For karen adams' medical records. -She's on the phone with her doctor now. -That's good news. A prescription for g.H.B. Isn't enough to tie h to the murder. We need forensic edence. How could she strangle someone in here -And not touch anything? -One thing's certain-- Karen may be narcoptic, but she's not claustrophobic. -You couldn't be that and pu this off. -You're right. Okay, claire, i need to simulate the position of glenn's corpse. Does the tech have a forensic dummy? No, he rushed over with a bare-Bones kit. Just use me. All right. Um, glenn's out of it, towing up. Karen sees an opportunity, comes up behind... -Mnh-Mnh, mnh-Mnh. There was no bruising. It's impossible. Unless the killer used her feet. You know, it'd be tough for him to balance With the victim fighting back. Yeah, but doable if she had something to hang on to. Rizzo! Karen adams was on antidepressants Migraine medication and allergy pills But no sodium oxybate. Damn it. We're setting up for the tribute. There's food if you'd like. I could go for some emotional eating. You? Yes. -Guess what? He found a print. -Finally. He's gonna lift it and meet us back at the hall. In the meantime, i'm gonna check gln whitney's body And see if it has something else ttell us. Now if this we my autopsy I'd have shaved glenn's head right off the bat. But why do something youelf when you can hand it over To a work-Shy, ill-Mannered counterpart? -Are we supposed to answer her? -No,that's not necessary. Luke texted me. He's staying at a hotel tonight And moving out of the apartment tomorrow. -All happening so fast. -Nothing's happened yet. Maybe you both need to sleep on it. -You know, things could be very different tomorrow. -I don't think so. Jill, we've got it covered here, okay? Go home, get some rest. Honestly, this case is the only thing keeping me from losing it. Well, now you know the method to my madness. Hello, gorgeous. A foot-Shaped contusion on the occipital scalp Pronounced heel Tapering to the toe. Does karen adams wear boots? Yes, but not that kind. Well, i knew it was only a matter of time Once you found fingerprints. I hold a liquor license. Mine are on file with the state. Didn't need 'em. Your boots left an impression On the back of glenn whitney's skull. Owning a nightclub is lonely. Sleep all day Work all night. No time for boyfriends or family. Before long, the people you work with They're your everything. Especily glenn? He wasn't nothing when he came to me Just a tacky little queen lip-Synching to madonna. I made him into dakota manning. But in the end, that wasn't good enough. He needed options. Meaning? He was gonna leave me and start his own place. -To make more money? -That, and he wanted to surprise bruce. It was gonna mark a whole new chapter in their lives Now that the cancer was gone. So you snuck into his dressing room Poured g.H.B. Into his martini Lied about hearing an argument to throw us off. It was supposed to be such a graceful exit. Until you had to drown him. Tell me why. He was mine, inspector. I wasn't ever gonna let him go. I don't think anyone will disagree with me When i say today was a day. At least there's a shred of silver lining. As glenn's biological son Thaddeus prescott is his next of kin. I'm assuming bruce won't have as much trouble aling with him As he would with glenn's estranged parents. Do you mind if i run with that? Speaking of family, i just spoke to mine And ed--Who had a woerful time at the reception--Went to bed And the boys putome towels in the guest bedroom for you. -You can stay as long as you like. -Thanks. The idea of facing an empty apartment Makes me wanna change the subject. Okay. You know what i hate about heather? Every time i see her Or talk to her She says something that makes me respect her a little bit more. She's right. I need to let go. And it's weird But tonight... I think i finally have. My grandma used to say That when one door closes, another always opens. Well, then a toast. To cindy's grandma. She sounds like a smart cookie. Inspector lindsay boxer? Yes. Agent john ash, fbi. I've been waiting for ya. Do you always make it a point To show up on a girl's front stoop unannounced? Well, i do when it involves the kiss me not killer. We've had some new developments. This, uh, arrived at the agency this morning. It's cindy's thomas' article From the day the last victim surfaced. We're sure it's him. We think you might be his next victim