He's not gonna talk. That's okay. That's okay. I don't have much faith in words myself. Statistically speaking, the average person tells three lies per ten minutes' conversation. And granted, it's just regular people. We haven't studied people who are planning to firebomb a black church. Could skew differently. We don't have time for this scientist to talk to the guy. We went at him for four hours, got nothing. Now,the FBI knows you want mass casualties. So right now ATF is searching every inch of the two largest black churches in the state. The FBI got it wrong. Well,there's a shocker. It's not one of those two churches. Maybe you want one of the smaller churches. - One of the black suburbs. - You don't know what you're talking about. Don't respond! What do you say ATF starts with Southbridge? No,I'm only kidding. We'll skip that one. We're gonna focus on Lorton. You feel good about that? That's it! Lorton! Going after a church in Lorton. That accusation has no basis. What do you mean? He just told me. The ATF found a pipe bomb in a church basement in Lorton an hour later. DOD friend of mine said this guy's a total nutjob. Heard he spent, like,three years in the African jungle with some primitive tribe studying their eyebrows. Watch his reaction to my statement. Right now,ATF is searching every inch of the two largest black churches in the state. Now what you just saw there was a brief expression of happiness on his face which he was trying his best to conceal. It lasted for less than a fifth of a second. It's what we call a "microexpression." Now,look at his mouth. The suspect is secretly happy about the locations we are searching, which tells me we have the wrong locations. Now I tell him of our new plan,and... You don't know what you're talking about. Classic one-sided shrug. Translation: "I've absolutely no confidence of what I just said." The body contradts the words. He's lying. Yeah? When you accuse the suspect, and he acts surprised, is there a way to tell if it's real or if he's just trying to look innocent? Now that's real surprise. Lasts for less than a second when it comes across your face, but if your suspect is surprised for more than a second, he's faking it. He's lying. Now I call out his target is actually Lorton, and watch it again. Concealed scorn. One personal tip.You see this microexpression in your spouse's face, your marriage is coming to an end. Trust me. Yeah? Don't these microexpressions vary depending on the person? Let's leave this up. And we'll go to the Kato Kaelin footage from the OJ trial. Mr. Kaelin,you got a lot of money for your appearance onCurrent Affair, didn't you? Um,yeah. Scorn. Scorn. Huge scorn. Shame,shame,and shame. Contempt. These expressions are universal. Emotion looks the same whether you're a suburban housewife or a suicide bomber. The truth is written on all our faces. THE LIGHTMAN GROUP Just the man I was looking for. Today's the day. Say it. You're the shrink. I'm not big on self-affirmation. I'm telling you we cannot wait another day to hire someone. - I found the one. This is the one. - I... Use your words. Why do we need to hire someone? We got a new request this morning from the DEA and Homeland Security. Someone from the Prime Minister's office in Uzbekistan called. They want us to give a talk to their senior police. Tell him to call back when they got a constitution. A real one. Here's the analysis from the blinking experiment. You just getting in,Loker? Yeah,I got piss-drunk last night with my roommate, and I was just lying in bed this morning thinking about how nasty hot Nancy Grace is, and just trying to decide if I was gonna come in at all 'cause it's not like there's anyone here to fantasize about. No offense taken. I don't go for married women. Cal,Cal... Dr. Lightman,I have the mayor on 2 for you. All right. Mr. Mayor. I see. Of course. Any time. What is it? Some blowup at the Justice Department about a high school teacher that was killed in Northwest. He wants us in on it right away since... What is that? Chocolate pudding. Who eats pudding at 10:00 in the morning? People who like pudding. The mayor thanks you and Dr. Foster for coming on short notice. This case is a land mine. We got a juvenile offender, family of devout Jehovah's Witnesses. We gotta be real careful here. Three day ago,James Cole, 16-year-old student at Jackson High, murdered his teacher,Susan McCartney. After Mr. Cole got into Mrs. McCartney's house, he smashed her head into a glass coffee table. He then was caught fleeing the house by two patrolmen. Been in custody here ever since. So what exactly does the mayor want to find out about the McCartney murder? Assistant US Attorneys Hutchinson and Estin. The kid was at the scene of the crime; he had motive,means; and he resisted arrest. - And he failed a polygraph test. - It's murder one. Well,I guess we're all here then: someone who wants the truth; somebody who wants to be right; and us,the idiots in the middle. The US Attorney's office wants to try Cole as an adult. But if the mayor is gonna support sending a 16-year-old to prison for the rest of his life, he wants to be certain we're talking about a premeditated, cold-blooded murder. He wants you to provide an independent assessment of intent. We'll need the crime scene photos and the autopsy report. I thought you could tell somebody was lying just by looking at them. The question is never simply ifsomeone is lying; it's why. Look,I already told the police everything,okay? Tell us why you think you're here,James. I was out for a run, and the police thought I was running from them. So they arrested me. I heard you made your school's track team. I didn'tmakeit. They don't have tryouts. What was your best race this year? I don't know. Um,probably against Jefferson last week. Why? I ran hurdles myself. 110 meters. How'd your quads feel during the race? good,I guess. And what about on your run the night you were arrested? I felt fine. Your teacher Ms. McCartney was found dead in her home. Have you ever been to her house before? No,I've never been to her house before. Ms.McCartney thought that you should be held back a year because she felt you were having some problems with your classmates. What? I didn't want to get held back. How'd you feel when you found out she was dead? I prayed for her soul. I can't know God's plan, but I didn't kill her. Hurdles? - Could have run hurdles. - Please. So you got a sense of his intent? When I asked James about his best race, he broke eye contact in order to remember and answer truthfully. And when I asked him about his run the night of the murder, he never broke eye contact. He wasn't recalling a memory. He was lying. But I thought most people avoid eye contact when they're lying. No,it's a myth. And quite often, they make more eye contact. They need to watch,see if you believe their lies. The content analysis would suggest that James has been to Ms. McCartney's house before. Question: "Have you ever been to her house?" Answer: "No,I have never been to her house." Rigid repetion like that is typical of a lie. Okay,so you'll tell the mayor's office the murder was premeditated? Looks that way. But when I asked him about his teacher's death, what we saw was this: - oblique eyebrows. - Sadness. Why would he be hiding sadness for her? Looks like guilt to me. It's possible he didn't mean to kill his teacher. Excuse me? - Could have been an accident. - Okay. Okay,I indulged the mayor's office in letting you talk to the kid, but now you're just making wild guesses that have no basis in hard evidence. This was no accident. And personally,I think what you do is a joke. It's a friggin' carnival act. Oh,yeah,yeah, I get that a lot. You know,a moment ago, I saw you smile at your colleague, flash her a glance, then shift your gaze. She responded by raising her chin boss, revealing deep embarrassment. Cal...? I'll take another wild guess: you two had a fling. She doesn't want a repeat performance because,you know, what with your wife and all. But you won't move on. Oh,no,no. Keep your fingers off your nose. Men have erectile tissue there. Itches when they're hiding something. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Lie to Me Season01 Episode01</font> I've been principal here for over three years. We've never faced anything like this. To lose a teacher and then to find out that a student might have been responsible. I understand James was new to the school. Yes. His parents chose to home-school him until this year because they're devout Jehovah's Witnesses. He was prepared academically, but he had real difficulties socially. Did he ever express emotion of any kind towards Mrs. McCartney? He was sent to my office a number of times, but he never mentioned her specifically. But I can tell you the boy's father had some strong objections to Ms. McCartney's teaching. He was outraged that she had assigned the book The Color Purple to her students. Thought it was pornographic. All right,they're ready for you. But can I just say,uh... as much as we all mourn this loss no teacher that I've spoken to believes that this boy should go to prison for life. He was in the photography club for like five minutes before he quit. It seemed like he didn't talk ever. He took really good photos, though. I never saw him hang out with anybody. He's kind of intense. Like the way he'd stare at you. He talked a bunch of crap about Ms. McCartney. Really? What did he say? Kid's a freak. I mean,I can't remember exactly,but... I'm sure I heard him say something psycho about her. You wouldn't just be saying that because you got suspended for hitting him in the face? I was in bio lab with him. You know,I don't see how he could have done what they're saying he did. It's just... well,I don't believe it. I mean,I've never even seen him get angry. Why would he want to kill her anyway? Are you feeling emotional in any way right now,Jacquelin? no. It's okay if you are. I feel fine. Deputy Bonds. And what did you learn in school today? 57 classmates and not one credible account of antecedent aggression from James. I need to see the case file and look at the other suspects Homicide questioned. But you don't think James Cole is guilty? I don't know, but if the prosecutor wants to send a kid my daughter's age to a cell block with pedophiles and serial killers, I wouldn't mind knowing for sure. Whatever you need. All right. Forget it. We'll find another one. No. Maybe he didn't see me. Why don't you get out. Just drive. You didn't see me waiting for that space? - Didn't see you. - Really? No,I did not see you. I-I was waiting,too. You must not have seen me. That's fantastic. Classic gestural slip. Got the slightest head nod "yes" before you shook your head "no." Look,I'm in the space. And I'm not going anywhere. That's true. You can't block me in like that! Sir? Congratulations. One liar down, six and a half billion to go. The US attorney's office scheduled the transfer hearing. We have two days. I told the mayor's office we need to examine James' antecedent behaviors, so we're set to meet with his parents and his church group. How you doing today,sir? I'm great. Could you step out of the line,please? - Are you serious? - Yeah. Any reason you might be anxious this morning,sir? Only that I'll miss my flight. I need you to open your briefcase for me. You know what? I'm going to check it. - It's the liquids,right? - Stop. T-3B. backup, backup T-3B. Open your briefcase. You're going to need to come with us. Actually,you need to come with us. When you leaned out of line, I could tell you were jacked up about something. That's 'cause I flashed you a partial fear expression. Whatever. Why were you trying to play me? Six years ago,Dr. Lightman left the deception detection program he founded for the Defense Department. Together we started a private firm that works with police,corporations, and almost every federal agency. We'd like you to come work for us,Ms. Torres. Why? You've made seven times more arrests than the average TSA agent, and you scored 97% on the TSA deception diagnostic which Dr. Lightman created. Have you ever had any specialized deception training? I've dated a lot of men. You're one of the naturals. There's in infinitesimal percentage of the population, less than .001, that tests nearly perfect without any advanced traing. We've already cleared your leaving with the TSA field director. Our office will call you later. Oh,and,uh,don't forget your briefcase. That's your signing bonus. I just had a long conversation with the school guidance counselor. The girl whose breathing you said was fast and shallow-- Jacquelin Mathis-- has had three appointments with the school nurse in the past two weeks. Guidance counselor said typically that could be about drugs or an STD. You know,gonorrhea, clap,crabs,uh... Find out if Jacquelin had any connection to James Cole outside of school. - And follow up with the nurse. - Okay. Did the school principal seem tense to you? Wouldn't you be if this happened at your school? He had his left hand in his pants pocket pressed against his leg the whole time. We're not all hiding something. Okay. You think I'm naive just because I don't share your twisted view of the world. That and you read romance novels. Yes,I do. Because they make me happy. A pursuit I highly recommend to you. Truth or happiness, never both. What is that now? Orange slushy. How old are you? Chairman Baldridge from the Democratic National Committee's on the phone. Some sort of crisis. Politician. That's all you. Charge him by the lie. You can retire tomorrow. Why isn't Dr. Lightman here? Cal really wanted to make it. He's a better liar than you are. He's a better liar than all of us. I need your help,Gillian. Congressman Zeb Weil, whose career I've spent 20 years building, is about to be accused of paying for sex. A friend at thePost gave me the tip, but I need to know the truth before the story breaks. You think it could be a smear job? I do, but allegedly,Congressman Weil frequents some sort of high-priced escort service at an underground club in Georgetown. Now if that's true, it's going to be a PR nightmare because he's the new Chairman of the House Ethics Committee. That's delightful. But we don't go through people's dirty laundry. So Dr. Lightman just assumes you're a liar if you're a politician. He assumes you're a liar if you're a homo sapiens. If these allegations are false, are you going to stand by while an innocent man is destroyed by lies? - Thanks for coming in right away. - You're the boss. I would like to sleep with you. Eli Loker, Ria Torres. He's harmless. Just always speaks the truth about what's on his mind. What do you call it again? Radical honesty. That's it. Well,he'll get you started on learning our facial coding system. I have no chance with you. No. Uh,do I have any chance with you? You always tell the truth? Always. - How good are you in bed? - Fair. Fair is better than most. I don't see why you need to look at James' bedroom. Mr. Cole,anything that gives us a better sense of your son is helpful. James took these? Yes,he did. We let him convert that bathroom to a darkroom for his photography. Was that a problem? Well,it was taking too much time from his responsibilities as a Witness doing God's work. What did James tell you about Ms. McCartney? He thought she was a good teacher. And did you? James did not kill that woman. He would not take part in wrestling practice, gym class, because he knows the Lord condemns violence, even in sport. If you value something, you build a fence around it to protect it. And that's what we did with James. We home-schooled him as long as we could to shield him from drugs and sex and corruption. Is that why you were angry about the material she was teaching him? We are in the world, but not of the world. And we need to protect our children from nonbelievers. Is there anything you wouldn't do to protect your son from a nonbeliever? Watch yourself. I'm a man of God. Well,I like horse racing, Manhattans, briefs,not boxers, all of which makes us equally likely to lie, so I'll ask you again. Get out of this house. I've been doing some research into James' family. I spoke to an overseer of their church who said Mr. Cole has had fights with other churchgoers over they unholy lifestyles. Some of them said he was an extremist. Something going on in that family. The police saw James running away from the front door of Ms. McCartney's house after the murder. Maybe he was trying to stop his father from killing her. What's your content analysis of the mother? She was definitely concealing something. When I asked her about Ms.McCartney, she stopped using contractions and started referring to her as "that woman." As in "I did not have sexual relations with that woman,Ms. Lewinsky." Distancing language. She knew something about her. She didn't want to say. We need to look at the polygraph test James failed. I want to see what questions he spiked on. Have I mentioned that your office looks like it belongs to a serial killer? Several times. PD is running background checks on both the parents and trying to confirm their whereabouts the night of the murder. As for the girl that was so anxious-- Jacquelin Mathis, no connection to James Cole outside of school. But I do know why she might have been anxious. School nurse insinuated that Jacquelin is pregnant. Pregnant. Not what a father in my shoes wants to hear. I got to go. I have Emily, and her boyfriend's coming over. You worry too much. You do. You worry. You're a worrier. You don't even know if they talked about having sex. He's taking her to a fancy restaurant. Emily's a smart girl. You have to trust her. Her mother's a smart girl too, and I trusted her. Well,I think Roger's a loser, but if Mom wants to be with a loser... You don't have to say that for me. I'm saying it 'cause he's a loser. I have the utmost respect for anyone your mother cares for, and so should you. Admit it. You're thinking "what a loser." I saw your eyes do the thing. Uh,Dan's early. Yeah,and about that-- I know your mother's out of town,you've got the keys, and Dan has a car. No,we're not doing this. You just go let Dan in while I finish getting ready, and you better not do some covert scientific technique to find out what we're doing or not doing tonight. Promise. No covert science,I promise. - Hi,Dan. - Hi,Dr. Lightman. Are you going to try and have sex with my daughter tonight? We appreciate your time. Congressman Weil,have you ever been to a club called Centurion? Marshall,what is this really about? I'm a five-term US congressman. I'd appreciate if... Answer the question,Zeb. I've never heard of it. Why? It's been alleged that you go to this club on Friday nights. Tell me how you spent last Friday evening. I went for a swim at the congressional gym. Then I went home to catch up on some committee reading. Go on. I had dinner alone before leaving for an event at the Smithsonian. Got it. Now just tell it to me backwards. What? Start at the end of the night and work backwards. Before the event at the Smithsonian, I,uh... well,as I told you, I did some reading. And,uh... before that,I,uh... That guy's lying his ass off. Yes,he is. When you're lying,it's hard to tell a story backwards, because there's no real memory of what happened. Liars rehearse their stories in order. They don't think to rehearse them backwards. Have you ever engaged the services of a prostitute? I am certainly not going to dignify that with an answer. And that is an expression of deep shame. This guy religious? That's what I don't understand. Not religious, not married,no kids. But he shows deeper shame than politicians who've been caught cheating on their wives? Yeah,being the Ethics Chairman takes a lot of the fun out of having sex with hookers. But seriously,what if he's into something a lot more shameful-- smacking them around or underage girls? I need to restore the expression I had from James's polygraph up here. Did you attack Susan McCartney? No. The same shame expression. Now punch in on his eye. I want to see his pupil. They're fully dilated. And it's not fear or anger. You know what else makes pupils dilate. Sexual arousal. You think there was a sexual relationship between James and Ms. McCartney? Maybe that's what the parents were hiding. My son did not engage in sexual activity of any kind. As I told you, we're here because we believe your son is innocent. There were no signs of rape or sexual assault in this crime. But on his polygraph, James exhibited intense sexual feelings for Ms. McCartney. - Gerald... - Be quiet. We saw you try to conceal your scorn for Ms. McCartney. That's not just about the books she was teaching,is it? What can you tell us about your son and her? I've already told you everything. Both of you and your son are lying. Now,let me tell you something. The only way three people can keep a secret is if two of them are dead, so why don't you wake the hell up. Everything you're doing makes perfect sense. You're afraid for your son, Mrs. Cole. And when we experience fear, we try to exercise whatever control we can, even if it makes things worse. That's why you lied to us before. It may help you feel better, but it's not helping your son. Because right now, the only people who believe James is innocent are in this room. I know that you have the courage to move past your fear and tell us the truth. Wait here. We found these hidden in James's room before the police came and searched his things. I-I know how this must look, but our son couldn't possibly have done this. Did you know James had been spying on Ms. McCartney before you found these? No. You ever talk to James about sex? I talked with him about the urges that young men feel. We-we read from Colossians together. "Fornication,uncleanness, sexual appetite is idolatry." He-he knows there's no greater sin. I need to see the crime scene photos. You can't show these photographs to anyone,please. We need to show them to your son. You took these,James. And... I understand why. Ms. McCartney didn't make you feel anger. She made you feel temptation. She was a beautiful woman, and for the first time in your life,you felt desire. You took these pictures so you could fantasize about her. You spied on her, for weeks,at school, at her home. You took these, hiding right here behind these trees, looking through the bay window. And on the night of the murder, you went back to her house to spy on her. And this is what you saw. There she was. You became aroused. You gave in to temptation. I didn't know she was dead. And... I started to have thoughts. Unclean thoughts. And I touched myself. I swear to God I did not know that she was... that she was dead. It wasn't until afterwards. I was walking away, and... I saw the blood. And I ran around to the front. And I was gonna call 911, but the police came and... I ran. I just ran. What was I supposed to do? the truth! I didn't kill her! I told what I did! What was that? You spoon-fed him a good defense,and he's not stupid. He went with it. But there's, uh,still a preponderance of evidence against him. More than enough for a grand jury. James was telling the truth. Oh,he lied when he said he'd never been to Ms.McCartney's house before, and these photographs go a long way toward proving premeditation. You aren't gonna reconsider other suspects? He was stalking the victim; he fled the scene; and he failed a polygraph the night of the murder. All for the same reason: sexual guilt. The polygraph only tells you if someone is feeling guilty. It doesn't tell you what they're feeling guilty about. The guilt James felt had nothing to do with the murder. Look,you want to ignore the evidence,fine. Look,I heard how things ended for you over at the Pentagon. And unless you want the entire Justice Department picking apart every case you work for us,too, you'll leave this one alone. There she is. Hey,honey. Hey,Cal. Sorry I'm late. Had a bunch of work I had to finish before leaving. Why don't you come to dinner with us, clear your head for an hour. It's gonna be a late night. Nah,I'm good. You go ahead. Night. Her husband just lied to her. He was lying when he said he got held up with work. Don't you have work to do? You're not gonna tell her he's lying? How we doing on the congressman and the sex club thing? Okay. Well,Congressman Weil still won't admit to anything, so I'm gonna go to the club tonight and see if I can find out what he did there that he's so ashamed of. Girl Weil's been seeing goes by Melissa, and he sees her Friday night without fail. Classy,huh? Well,we all pay for sex one way or another. At least hookers are honest about the price. Bet your boyfriend's pretty happy this is his birthday present. So,uh,how do you like this place,Melissa? It's great. Always a party. You really hate it,huh? Just for now. You know... it sucks being broke, and I can make a lot more money doing this than I did dancing. So are most of your clients, uh,regulars or one-offs? Mostly,um,regulars,actually. Maybe Julian and I could,um... That's my boyfriend. Maybe we'll become one of your regulars. Are you free next Friday night? No Fridays. I,uh,I have,um, a regular on Fridays. I don't think the congressman was doing anything nasty to her. She had this little smile about her Friday nights with him, like,like she has real feelings for the guy. Was there wrinkling around her eyes when she smiled? Yeah,there was. Then it was real. In a fake smile, there's no eye wrinkling. Excuse me. Turn on the news. There's much to be learned still, but House Ethics Chairman Zeb Weil reportedly spent more than $82,000 on a single escort over a matter of months. He exited his congressional offices moments ago. Is it true that... Congressman Weil,how long has this been going on? Look at his disgust. Yeah,but he's not disgusted with himself. It's like he's disgusted with the idea of having sex with her. Well,maybe they weren't having sex. Why would a guy spend $82,000 on an escort he's not having sex with? Yes,of course. No,I understand. Defense attorney says James has had an acute psychological collapse. He won't eat,sleep, or talk to anyone. He's on suicide watch. Take a look at these. Her clothes are identical to the crime scene photos. James took those the day of the murder, and you can tell it's late, probably just a couple of hours before she was killed. - Look at that hand. - What? It's tensed. Turned upwards at her side like this. Is that a gestural emblem? Yeah. When we make it consciously... the meaning's clear. Stop. She was having an argument. Yeah. Had to be pretty disturbing to produce that emblem. So whoever was in that car had a fight with her just hours before she was murdered. Body language tells the truth even from the grave. Principal Castle. Thank you for seeing us. Please. Anything to help. Do you know who at school might have had an argument with Ms. McCartney the day she was murdered? I have no idea. What? Do you think anotherstudent was involved? Possibly. We need to know who drives this car. Sure. I can try to see if it's registered for school parking. - Is thatyourcar? - No,it's not. Were you romantically involved with Susan McCartney? Of course not. What are you suggesting? Oh,I'm... I'm... I'm sorry. I really am. I... we have toconsider everything,and I'm sorry if I've offended you. Really,I'm... I'm very sorry. Very sorry. If I... if I offended you... I-I'm sorry. Ihaveoffended you, and I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. It's not a good thing,really. I apologize. What's with the Rainman routine? You want to know how scared he was after you showed him the photo of the car? How scared? In skin temperature, about ten degrees scared, which is to say, very scared. His hand was colder the second time you shook it. Yeah,he recognized that car. Intense fear kicked in. It's a classic physiological flight response. Blood flows from the extremities to the legs so you're ready to run. Your hands get cold first. The car in question does not belongto the principal or his wife. Are you sure? Yeah. Deputy bonds had records runboth of their registrations. So principal castlerecognized the car, but it's not his. Well, find out whose it is. Have them run the registration of every student and teacherat the school. The dnc chairman's going ahead with the press conferencethis afternoon, but I think I knowwhat congressman weil was doing at the sex cluband why he was so ashamed. Take a look. He filed this onlinetwo years ago. Call me the secondyou hear about the car. Come on. Thank you. You haven't done enoughmuckraking for one day? Sir, we don't think you weredoing anything sexual at that club because I believethis escort, melissa, who you paidfor time with... what about her? She's your daughter. I've already admittedwhat I did. I'm tenderingmy resignation today. This is the profileyou registered in may of '06 at adopt connect, a registry forbirth parents trying to reconnectwith an adoptee. The adopted name you listedwas brenda melissa johnson. The date of birth would makeher melissa's age now. I was a niorin college at ua and I was seeing a young womanwho was a freshman at the woman's collegein marion. She gotpregnant. We agreed to aclosed adoption. We both moved on. But I never stoppedthinking about it. A couple of years ago,I registered to be found. Nothing came of it. So I hireda private investigator. Does melissa... brenda... know you're her father? No. I didn't want to force herto confront an answer she clearly wasn't looki for, but when I found outshe was working at that club, I had to do something,so I went... started getting to know her. Gave her money. Tried to get her to quit. We can tell the chairmanand the press. Please. No. No? I am close to getting brendato make a change. If the press finds outwho she really is, she will spendthe rest of her life being known as the congressman's whore daughter. I've already betrayed her once. I won't do it again. The car belongsto jacquelin mathis, the girl the school nursethought was pregnant. Deputy bond had homicide bring her in. Second district stationright now. Why would I know what happened to miss mccartney? - No, you tell me. - Why would I know? Why would I know? Eyebrows go up,like yours, the person knows the answerto the question they're asking. But I don'T. I don'T... I don't feel well. Morning sickness. You argued withms. Mccartney e afternoon thatshe was murdered. No, I didn'T. You don't know whatyou're talking about. I know when you're lying. - I'm not lying. - I know why youfought with her. I didn'T. Is this your car? I didn't kill miss mccartney. Now, that's e trH. I know you didn'T. But you know who did. So tell meabout the argument. I don't have anything to say. You know, james coleis innocent. He's going to go to prisonfor the rest of his life. Are you really gonnalet that happen? I mean, maybe youcouldn't stop the murder, but you can stop this. You have to stop this. I can'T. Jacquelin. I guess it doesn't matteranymore. You're gonna haveto live with this because james cole just hangedhimself in his jl cell. I didn't think that anythingwould happen to james. Because he's a minor. I didn't knowth he was gonna... oh, my god. Why did principal castle recognize your car when I showed himthe photograph? You're involvedwith him, aren't you? Castle took advantage of you. He didn't take advantage of me. We're in love. He loves me. You're pregnant withhis baby, aren't you? He was going to leave his wifeto be with me. He told me. When miss mccartney saw us, parked in my car,that was at school, we didn't, we didn't know,but she saw us. Then later that day she came upto me in the parking lot freaking out, like, 'cause shehad to be all worried about me when... I mean, I was the onewho went after him. And then you arguedabout turning him in. I begged her not to. He hadn't done anything wrong. She didn't listen. She said she was gonnaturn him in. So... I told him. You know, you know, he saidthat everything would be okay, that he would talk to her. God... I didn't knowhe was gonna kill her. I didn't know. you get the e-mail fromthe us attorney's office? No. Principal castle confessedin exchange for 30 years. I thought the truthwould set you free. Speaking of which, do you still have that notethat I brought you? I want it for my office. You really are a pack rat. BRING THIS TO ME ****** You could have just told mewhat this was for. No, you're a terrible liar. Normal people thinkthat's a good thing. You saying I'm not normal? Good night. Go home. Dsc chairman's on the phone. What are we gonna sayabout the congressman? Nothing. So we're just gonna let himthrow away his career? We're basically gonna lie? Not basically. So you lie to your partnerabout her husband and you lie to the peoplewho hired us. What am I supposedto believe about you? You believe whatever you want. Everyone else does. I'm glad your spending theholidays with your family. Your folks are great. I'm saying I didn't evenwant this promotion. I feel terrible they fired him. I love you. I'm gonna leave my wife. I just need more time. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font>