You're here? At the club? I can't meet you. I have to get back to my daughter. Mom? Mom. Mom. Mom! Where are you? You don't trust me. It's such a control thing. Admit it. You're reluctant to leave me in charge. - Rubbish. - Then why haven't you gone yet? What? Why are you trying to get rid of me? You haven't had a vacation in 6 years, Cal. Come on. - You are trying to miss your flight. - I'm not. I am not. I am trying to find the Anderson file. I've got it, all right? I can take care of it. Stop stalling. Where are you going? Honestly, Cal. The cab is outside waiting for you. Grab your jacket and let's go. You deserve this. - Emily's waiting for you. - Don't push me. Come on, let's go. Here. Give me your cell phone, you don't need to check in. It's just gonna stress you out. No kicking and screaming? I have absolute faith in you. And my staff. Here I go, then. Have a good time. Are you really working? We've only been here 2 days. You really need to learn how to relax, dad. People who can't relax die younger. I learned that in health class. Don't worry about me, love. - What are you looking at, anyway? - Nothing. You're spying on the office? I'm my own boss. That's a 24/7 job. When I'm a stressed-out workaholic, I'll have you to thank. When did you become such a know-it-all? We had an agreement that if I behave maturely, you'd treat me like an adult. As an adult, I'm telling you to relax and stop it with the creepy snooping. If you don't, I'll just go pick up boys by the pool. All right, deal. - I'll have one of those too, thanks. - Make it a virgin. Dr. Cal Lightman? My name's Lou Nemeroff. I'm with the american embassy. There's an urgent matter that we need your help with. An american woman, Marla Seeger, disappeared 2 days ago from the Oceano Hotel. It's just down the beach. She was last seen at the hotel bar. This is local news footage. This is the bartender who last saw her. He says that she was drunk, coming on to several men, and that she eventually left with one of them. The local police, they aren't doing anything. They believe that she left voluntarily. She's a really good mom. I just want to find her.</i> Mom, if you're watching this, please come back. And that's her 12-year-old daughter. Oh, my god, that's so sad. What's the D.O.S. doing about this? Their official policy is to leave it in the hands of local authorities. So nothing. They're doing nothing. Which makes me wonder why you're here. Your boss doesn't know about this little field trip of yours. I can't ignore what's going on in Mexico. Which is? More than 200 americans have gone missing in the last few years, mostly collateral damage from the drug cartels, but unless it's some pretty blond teen, nobody even wants to talk about it. All I need to know is if somebody on this video is trying to hide something. The detective in charge of the case and the bartender. Dr. Lightman, can you help us find Marla Seeger? - Dad. - What? Come on. Some people at the hotel, they said that they saw your mom crying. Why was she sad? I don't know. Everyone's saying she was a bad mother, but she always took good care of me. I'll bet she did. You think you can find her? Absolutely. He's definitely gonna find your mom. I don't know. I don't know, love. You ever think that grownups are full of crap? Lots of times. Usually, it's 'cause we've made a mistake, done something wrong, but we don't want to talk about it, we don't want to admit it. Which makes us hypocrites. I think you've got a secret. And you're too scared to talk about it. Mom always picks awful boyfriends, so I signed her up for an online dating service. This is a guy you found for her? He said he traveled a lot and I told him we're coming here. What did he say? He said he'd meet me. I wasn't aware of this. J-Rod25. My mom was supposed to have dinner with him last night. What if he did something to my mom? We rushed over here right away. Did we hear right? 3 patients have been infected by tainted blood? The first patient died this morning at Cottage Hospital, and the second is in critical condition at St. Mary's. This is Gary Spar, the third patient to receive a blood transfusion during surgery. It should have been a routine operation, but he never woke up. I need you to seal off that O. R. And gather and test everything. So 3 different patients at 3 different hospitals? It's no longer a coincidence. We shut down the D. C. Central blood bank. Go help Pat rule out any other possible contaminants. We're in a real quandary. We need to protect people, but if there's no blood available for trauma cases and other emergencies, patients may die anyway. Do you have any idea what's in the blood? Worst case scenario, it's a biological or a chemical agent. The FBI has been alerted in case this is bioterrorism. I know. I'm on my way to the hospital CEO, right now. - What can we do to help? - The people who have access to those blood units all claim no involvement or knowledge. I need to know who we can trust. - Should we get Lightman back here? - I can take care of this. - Hey. - Hey. What have you got? The tainted blood units all came from the overnight shift at the blood banks. There were 2 techs on duty. We're taking them down to the Lightman Group for questioning. Dr. Cho, I haven't forgotten about you. As soon as I have a minute, we'll talk. That little boy has sickle cell anemia. If he doesn't have a blood transfusion in the next 24 hours, he could have a stroke. What if we get the blood from elsewhere? There's a real shortage, we're working on it, but it's gonna take time we don't have. Jack, thank God you're here. Do you know Dr. Foster? Gillian, lovely surprise. - What are you doing here? - The CDC contacted the Rader firm to help assist you since Dr. Lightman isn't here. Where is Cal? - He's on vacation. - And hell didn't freeze over? Now it's a shame he's gone. I was hoping he and I could bury the hatchet. - Is there a problem? - Lightman and I are... friendly rivals, so to speak. It won't be a problem. Will it? Not at all. The 2 techs from the blood bank are here. So tell me, what's the deal with Lightman and Rader? What, they don't get along or something? Cal... despises him. He thinks all he cares about is money and publicity. For once I'm with Lightman on this. Something tells me not to trust that guy. - Hey. - Hi. You're the detective in charge of the Seeger case? I'm Emily Lightman. This is Dr. Cal Lightman. He's a deception expert - and he works along with the police... - In the United States. - This is Mexico. - No, I knew that. I knew it. I saw some news footage, and I think that the bartender at Marla Seeger's hotel is giving false information about her disappearance. Dr. Lightman, there is no case here. We spoke to several resort employees. They said she seemed unstable, more than likely a drug user. Based on what? We found several used needles in her hotel room. She probably found a fellow drug user, left with him. She will be back when the drugs run out. I still think you should have another go at the bartender. And I think that you and your daughter should have a very lovely time here. No, what about the guy that Tyler said her mom was gonna meet? - You spoke to Tyler? - Yeah. There're many people here who'd not like you have shown interest in this matter. Do you understand me? I'm gonna give you one piece of advice. Stay out of this. Mojito, por favor. And a margarita. A coke. Coke for the señorita. Enjoying your vacation, señor? Yeah, well, no. I was until that woman turned up missing. What's her name again? - Marla Seeger. - That's it! You're the guy on the TV, right? You saw her that night? What do you think happened to her? She was dancing with many different men. - She's looking for a good time. - She left with one of them. They were sleeping on the beach or getting high. What did he look like, the guy she left with? Don't let this trouble get in your head, señor. Everything is fine. You're an awful liar, Miguel. Now you're terrified. What is it? You work for the police? I'm so sorry, we are closing this bar while we restock. Is there a problem? If you're here on vacation, please tell us whatever we can do to make your stay more enjoyable. If, however, you're here conducting an investigation, you're not welcome here. Torres, it's me. I need you down here. Wait, that's for why? It's a woman's gone missing. I'll tell you all when you get down. Just bring something pretty to wear. Dude, you're gonna find her. For you, I will move heaven and earth. Lightman just called. He needs me to fly down to Zulia right now. - He's on a case? - A woman's missing. I gotta go. He's on vacation! Just give me one sec. So, how is it working for Cal? - Been so long, I can't remember. - I work with Cal. - I'm an equity partner, you know. - Good for you. That means Cal's been working on his control issues. - Jack... - I meant that as a compliment. Really. He's my mentor. I have nothing but respect and admiration for the man. Obviously, he doesn't feel the same about me. Cal says he taught you just enough to be dangerous. He's the better scientist, no doubt. I'm not going to apologize for having ambition and a better business sense. If we're gonna work together, I have some ground rules. First, I'm the boss around here. Second, don't try using me to get back at Cal. So long as you... admit that there's just the tiniest moment happening right now. Will you admit that? Romeo and Juliet, you want to get this show on the road? People could be dying right now. You can leave. Thank you for coming. Agt. Reynolds, could you escort him out and bring Ms. Bynes - to a more private room? - Sure. Will you come with me, please? People hiding something never want to draw attention to themselves. That was awesome. The old routine's a little rusty, but she still works. I meant what I said about the ground rules. And I meant what I said. Shall we go find out what Ms. Bynes's hiding? Nice work. It was a regular night at the blood bank. Nothing unusual. Your boss was about to fire you for being late too often. You knew. Was this retaliation? She's breathing faster. Foster's getting somewhere. You have no idea how good she is. Lightman doesn't know. He's a hard time seeing the true potential of his employees. What was that? Little flash of anger at the infallible Cal Lightman? You run this entire lab. But I'll bet Lightman's never showed you an ounce of appreciation. So, you and Lightman... you had a falling-out, what, over a case? Water under the bridge now. I never knew my own worth until I got out from under Cal's shadow. Someday, you'll do that same. It's been hard for me. My husband left us.</i> I'm alone with the kids. - Voice pitch is higher. - What's that look there? Shame? I just went through a divorce myself. I can barely get out of bed. I can't think straight, I can't do my job right... people are dying. You feel guilty, but you're gonna feel worse if you keep secrets and another person dies. On my last shift, I didn't run the full testing protocol on the blood. You have to test on any blood for different diseases. I left early. My daughter needed me. There are so many other safeguards. I didn't think... I just... - I think we have our culprit. - No, we don't. Someone else just died after a transfusion at Euclid Park. And this patient banked his own blood. Central blood bank isn't responsible. You're setting me up on a blind date with a potential murderer? Why? He's not your type? I'll keep an eye on you. You'll be fine. - What are the police doing? - Nothing. So, we're doing this on our own. You pulled me off a really big case. The cdc brought in the Rader firm... Jack Rader? He's at the office working with Foster. What's the problem? Not sure. Get in. Want to see the sights? My daughter said she saw you. Who you with? You with the hotel? Police? Drug cartel? Who's that guy? He's with the police or drug cartel. Dont go anywhere. - How did you find me here? - I bribed a waitress at the hotel. The wrong part of town to visit. You think I should call the cops, then? You scared of being seen with me by the police, are you? The police told us to say the lady was looking for a good time, - that it was her own fault. - Why? Zulia depends on tourists. Something bad happens, you all disappear, the town dies. After the lady from Miami disappeared, we were told not to talk to anyone about... What lady from Miami? Do you want me to call the cops, or... she came here 4 months ago. She was found dead. The police kept it out of the news. We should get out of here. I'm gonna tell the cabby we're ready. Did you... really see Marla Seeger at the bar? I saw her with one man. I'm not sure if she left with him or not. Was it this guy? That's him. I'm positive. Now go. Cab's gone. What? The cab, it's gone. Hold that. I'll give... 200 dollars to the person that gives us a ride back to our hotel. Where's your car? We're lucky they didn't kill us and dump our bodies in a ditch. That wasn't luck. The driver was happy to make some honest money for a change. You read that? Speaking of big and flashy... I need you to find out what Rader's up to. - You want me to spy for you? - No, I don't want you to spy for me. I just want you to poke about a bit. I'll do my own spying. All right. It's just my opinion, but I think that might be a little overkill. Your opinion? I don't need your opinion. I didn't ask for it. Just do it. All right? Wait here. That's my daughter! - That's my daughter. - She started talking to me. You're having a conversation with my teenage daughter! She started talking to me. What? All right. I'm leaving. Dad, that was the guy that Tyler's been emailing. I know it was, and you shouldn't have been talking to him. Bloody hell! - You never said I shouldn't talk to him. - What am I supposed to do? Tell you not to do every potentially life-threatening thing? - I figured if I kept him talking... - This is the last thing I need, Emily. You know, I've got a con man back in my office! And I've got you behaving like Nancy bloody Drew! I was just trying to help. Where are you going? Don't. I'm lola. Jerry conway. Please. Thank you. You're a very confident woman, Lola. I mean that in the most flattering way. Then color me flattered. So, how long you been a masseuse? Just a couple of years. Really? No, seriously. The last guy I dated was a complete nut job. - I've been there. - Really? Tell me about your last psycho, I'll tell you about mine. Least interesting story does a body shot. You're on. I met this weird chick, Marla, a couple nights ago. The hospitals trade blood with each other, but Euclid Park's not at fault. I've been here 10 years. Yager's been here 9. We've never had a problem. We're not the source of the tainted blood. How can you be sure? I can't imagine how. There's been no change in procedure.</i> There's been no change in procedure. Dr. Foster, here's the blue file that you needed. Sorry for the delay. The blue file? Thank you. Do you know what this is, Mr. Dunst? This is a file all about you. Background check, interviews with coworkers, family, friends. My team compiled it. You know, we can scour this to discover what you're hiding, but why don't you save us the time? Tomkins, the new driver in the lab, is a felon. He told Yager he left the conviction off his job application. And I should have reported it, but... Maybe you should talk to him. He's married, goes online to meet women while he's on business trips. He's a schmuck, but he had nothing to do with Marla's disappearance. - Are you sure? - Positive. They met. She left after like a minute. He says that she was crying and talking to some couple in the lobby. He seems truthful. I can't believe you told him I like role-playing and dirty limericks. Don't knock it until you've tried it. Hang on. You following me? You have a lovely friend and daughter. Is that a threat? 'cause you really shouldn't be confusing on that. Not at all, Dr. Lightman. You sent someone to follow me, and they threatened my daughter. I didn't hire him. Some people here do. So do the drug cartels. I warned you not to get involved. All right. 4 months ago, another woman went missing, just like Marla Seeger, but this one turned up dead. OK, listen. I insist that you stop interfering. OK? The night Marla Seeger disappeared, she met a man named Jerry Conway. Then she met a couple outside the bar. Did you know that? There is no case here. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a young woman who killed her own mother. I think you should talk to this boy. He's using his anger to hide something. She's protecting him, so just talk to the boy. How many of your people are involved in this cover-up? There is no cover-up. You may not be a part of it, but you know one exists, don't you? The couple that met Marla Seeger say that she seemed unstable. You talked to them? Well, who are they? Dan and Stacy Felder. But it's a dead end. You know, there is a case here. Actually, there's 2. But you already knew that, didn't you? You lucky you survive to this accident. Why did you fail to mention your criminal history on your application? I was 19 when i stole that car. If I say I'm a felon, who's gonna hire me? They should have done a background check. You've been in health care for a while. - Do you enjoy it? - It's very rewarding. I missed my calling. I should have been a paramedic. I mean, the action, the glory... I mean, this... - That's real life-and-death stuff. - It's not too late. I'm too old. I don't know how we get to where we're going. Are we even aware of our choices? - What, are they just chatting? - We're just getting a baseline now. You know, let me ask you something. Was your "aha" moment when you stole that car? I don't understand the question. You stole that car and got into an accident with a 23-year-old kid. The police found you cradling his mangled body. Did you get into health care because you realized you could be around blood and guts and death all the time? That you wouldn't have to cause an accident to get sexually stimulated? Sicko alert. Pupils dilated. He's aroused. From talking about blood and guts? Yeah. They've sussed that out. What did you put in the blood at Euclid Park hospital? - Nothing. - You want people to suffer and die. I swear I had nothing to do with the tainted blood. I never did anything at Euclid Park. Speech pattern's back to baseline. He's probably telling the truth. So, we're back to square one, again. - Why are you being so hard on yourself? - People are dying, I can't stop thinking about that boy with sickle cell, and I have nothing for the CDC. If Cal were here, he would have solved this by now. I should have just made him come back. We can do this, OK? Excuse me. You can't come in here. Jack. McKenzie! How did you get in here? I'm a reporter who talked her way into Attica once, remember? Scheduled surgeries are being canceled all over DC with no explanation. Something's going on at the CDC. And when a little bird told me you were partnering with the Lightman Group, my reporter antenna went off. You have uncanny timing. Let me fill you in. Can we do it on camera? Yeah. Thank you very much. I'll tell him. All right. Thanks. So, a woman named Ramona Posner came here alone from Miami about 4 months ago. Ten days after she disappeared, she was found dead in an alley downtown. State department and local police ruled it an accident. Well, a cynic might call it a pattern. By the way, Rader seems to be making quite an impression at the office. - Is he, now? - According to loker, Foster seems a bit gaga over him. Lovely. - God. - What? - Is that jealousy? - No. Where are you going? I left my hat out by the pool. Don't worry, I won't do anything childish. Why don't you take your extraordinary powers of observation down to the pool and use them to keep an eye on Emily? You're jealous. Marla came up to us in the lobby. She said, "I hope you experience the great joy I have", and then she left. It was bizarre. You work with the police, right? Didn't they tell you this already? But I wanted to hear this from you two. Mrs Felder, do you have any idea why she would approach you like that? Not true. We're gonna be late for the airport. - No, I'll hold that. - No, I'll get it. I'll get it. You know, you're never gonna get that through customs. Why not? Because I'm gonna call them. I'm gonna tell them you got a suspicious package. That's the kind of pain in the ass I can be if I don't get the truth. It was just a hunch. There's a fertility center here that matches egg donors with couples. We're from Canada and it's illegal to purchase eggs there. The donors stay anonymous, but they can choose who they want to donate to. These are our frozen embryos. So you thought that Marla Seeger was your egg donor. For a moment. But then we realized that it couldn't be her. She was nothing like the person the broker described to us. You find my mom? Not yet. That's lovely. Welcome to the age when they need you but think they're smarter than you. She always was. All right, I've got one for you. Marla Seeger was a waitress in a diner, right? Ramona Posner was a teacher's aide. How do two women like that afford fabulous trips to Zulia? How? Marla Seeger came here as an egg donor. She was giving herself hormone injections. Right. And the needles that the cops found. Hence the mood swings. - Can I help you? - Cal Lightman? Yeah, he's here. Just the man I wanted to see. You need to call in some of those embassy resources. Can't. Someone from the police department called my boss. I've been reassigned. And threatened. Our egg donors have high IQs, are from stable backgrounds. They don't have drug, alcohol, or mental health problems, and many of them are star athletes. How specific can we be in how the donors look? I have a couple here, they're seeking someone at least 5'9", blond, blue-eyed, athletic, and an Ivy League school. We found a match yesterday. It's only 50,000. In the states, it would be double that. We're in here. How do you harvest the eggs, then? Our reproductive endocrinologist, Dr. Alvarez, he's responsible for everything. - How much do you pay the donors? - The fee is generous. Plus they get a free trip to Zulia. But no one does it for the money. They just want to help the right couples have a child. - That's wonderful, that's wonderful. - Yeah, it's great. We actually are looking for a donor with blue eyes and light-brown hair. And 5'6". I think I can arrange that. Thought you were gonna say that. Dr. Alvarez, these are the Garrs. Pleased to meet you. May I talk to you, please? Can it wait? No, no. We've gotta shove off anyway. - We gotta go. - We've got to think. Yes. I mean, it's a big decision. I've got a question for you, Dr. Alvarez. We've been told that my wife's infertility is due to an estrogen imbalance caused by the coriolis effect. Is that possible? That could very well be true. Did you see Wynn when I described Marla? Flared nostrils, quick breath? - He's in this. - There's no way all those donors - fit the criteria he described. - Wait. See, they don't have to. They find donors like Marla Seeger who are desperate for money. They insist the donors remain anonymous. Wynn can give the buyers any description he wants. - It's a con. - Yeah, absolutely it's a con. Isn't the coriolis effect something about the earth's rotation? - Exactly. - Alvarez agreed with your theory. That's because Alvarez is not a doctor. He's a fake. I'm in charge of blood orders here, and Yager coordinates trades.</i> For the other hospitals in DC. So why did I have to reinterview these two guys? Because we've got nothing else. He's exhibiting extreme control. He could still be hiding something. No, voice pitch is steady. Dunst isn't lying. But why does Yager keep looking behind him? And why is he anxious? What'd I miss? - What happened to the reporter? - I took care of her. That could mean so many things. - So the story won't be on the news? - That's what you wanted, right? Did Cal brainwash you into thinking I'm kind of media whore without scruples? Come on, tell me you got something, 'cause the tox screen's all negative. And the CDC is getting all kind of calls from reporters. I can charm one reporter, I can't control the entire fourth estate. We had the 5-car pile-up on the beltway...</i> Wait. Something's different. I had to change the battery, so we took a little break. But they're both more relaxed now, and Yager's not looking behind him. Go back to before the break. He was looking at that. They got rid of it. Why didn't they want us to see it? - What can we do for you? - We need to take a look around. How often do you give blood? Every 6 weeks or so. I have a rare blood type. What are you looking for? - Found it. - That's sensitive equipment. What's it for? Processing patient fluid samples. Could you be any more vague? It's positive for narcotics. So you've been running a drug lab down here. Where's Marla Seeger? - I don't know who that is. - Not true. You're the couple from the office today, no? Your partner Wynn sold you out, made a deal with the police. He said the scam was your idea. He never said that. Dr. Alvarez is responsible for everything.</i> - A lie. - I can assure you it's perfectly true. What happened to her? She was one of our egg donors. She wasn't doing well on the hormone treatments. She wanted to get the procedure over with. Then she changed her mind. Wynn brought her in anyway. This is all his doing. What happened to Marla? I started the egg extraction, but there were complications and I punctured something. She started to bleed. So where is she? Wynn has an apartment. She's dying. One more day, we would have lost her. Listen, how did you know that I wasn't part of the coverup? When I accused you, you showed genuine anger, not guilt. About that man you sent to threaten my daughter. That wasn't me, that was my boss. You sure this man was part of the cartels? If I was you, I'd keep him away from the evidence locker. I'll keep an eye on my boss, too. Rader and Foster busted a drug lab. He's saying she's brilliant and has... All right, keep it to yourself. Lou from the embassy asked me to stay... Lou from the embassy? That's nice. He asked me to stay few more days. I said yeah, is that all right? And here I was thinking we were happily married. The two techs were making designer fentanyl in the hospital lab. They were using the blood as a means of transport. Liquid fentanyl was injected into the blood bags, which would then be delivered to all the heroin processing centers in the city. A lab within a lab. Pretty ingenious. Problem was, the new guy Tomkins picked up the wrong bags one day. And the fentanyl never triggered any alarms in the patient tox screen because it's a common anesthetic used for surgery. Sorry I'm late. They filled you in? I guess we'll reopen the central blood bank and track down all the units that left Euclid Park hospital. Thanks to you. You should both know that I taped an interview with McKenzie Dodd. Should be airing in about an hour. How could you do that? The CDC hasn't had the press conference. I forgot. You love the spotlight. I promised an exlcusive to buy us time. This was all about getting back at Cal and the Lightman Hroup, wasn't it? You know me too well. - It was fun. - Bye, Jack. Here's my card. In case you plan on making a life change. Thanks, man. Well, it's been a very tense time, but the threat has been eliminated.</i> Dr. Cho credits you with helping a little boy with sickle cell anemia.</i> I knew he was slick, but, man... Could I just say that I owe a debt of gratitude to Dr. Gillian Foster,</i> who really cracked this case. This potential health disaster wouldn't have been averted without her.</i> Mommy! So you're saying that you can just treat me like a child whenever you want to. No, I'm not. I'm saying that on occasion, it's my right as a parent to be suspicious and overprotective. Then on occasion, I reserve the right to throw tantrums and spend all your money. Deal. Now, if you're done forcing me to work, can i have my holiday back, please? How do you learn to live longer? Well, there's meditation and yoga, but for you, I'd definitely say do both. Yoga's that thing you do in a lounge chair with a mai-tai in your hand? Yeah, it is. "Don't hate me too much because I'm filled with admiration." Give it to me. So who sent the flowers, then? Because you know I'm the jealous type. Welcome home, Cal. Rumor has it you never even left town, but that can't be true because you look like a different man. I feel like a different man. You know, a vacation is a wonderful thing, 6 days of nothing. Well, i heard you were working on a case. Well, it barely qualifies as a case. I feel so relaxed that... I don't even care that Rader was here. Then Torres told you. He sent you the flowers, then? Have you checked them for aphids? No, no, I don't care. - Did he see any of my research? - I kept him out of your library. - And is everyone still here? - He didn't poach anyone. And did he break into the office supply closet? He definitely didn't do that. Except one thing, the sprinkler system was acting up a little bit. That's odd. What exactly happened between you and Rader? I'd tell you,