for the midterm. I don't need 'em anymore. Your farecard's out. - I don't have any cash. - No fare, no ride. I need to get on this bus. Am I going to have a problem here? {\fade(500,500)}{\pos(192,280)}<i>Truthworteam</i> {\fade(500,500)}www.seriestele.net - www.seriessub.com {\fade(500,500)}{\pos(192,240)}Épisode 13 - Sacrifice (v. 1.0) {\pos(192,232)}I'm just saying, my place is big enough for the both of us. {\pos(192,245)}- Maybe I prefer quaint over spacious. - Your furniture is old, {\pos(192,245)}and it's not antique. {\pos(192,245)}And you got no food in the refrigerator{\in there}. {\pos(192,245)}I have condiments, thank you very much. Mustard... I saw salad dressing in there the other day. {\pos(192,245)}Secret Service pay you enough to support my champagne tastes? {\pos(192,245)}- It's like that, huh? - Yes, it is. What is it? {\pos(192,232)}<i>This is a great victory for God's soldiers across the world.</i> - I can't believe this. - <i>For the first time,</i> America has seen one of its own... {\pos(192,232)}- <i>turn against it</i>. - How could this happen here? {\pos(192,232)}<i>This...</i> was only the first of many American-born martyrs...</i> {\pos(192,232)}<i>who will attack in the days to come.</i> {\pos(192,232)}- <i>We are very proud...</i> - Yeah, I'm watching. {\pos(192,232)}Everyone's in shock, but we've got to push forward right now. - What do you know? - It looks like the bomber was 19-year-old Jamal Bata. {\pos(192,232)}His parents converted to Islam in the '60s. They're now deceased. He has no siblings. And he attended a mosque in Northeast D.C. {\Right now}We're talking to a friend of Bata's who claims he couldn't get on the bus. - Does the FBI have anyone in custody? - Just picked up the coach of the {\Bomber's}soccer team. He's got ties to groups{\on our wath list}. Can I talk to him? No, Deputy Director Messler doesn't want anyone else in with the suspect. She's got "deputy" in her title for a reason. Can you go around her? Yeah, that sounds good, but that's just not how this works. How does it work? Solitary confinement, stress positions at Guantanamo?{\- Come on, now.} Or did you guys set up a new place now? With all the bad publicity and that? The Bureau has never supported extreme interrogation. And this administration doesn't either, OK? Really? Cal, if we can identify other members of the cell at the mosque... Why don't you and Torres take that? Can you get me in with him? No guarantees. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. - You sure? - I'm sure. - {\-How about}You? - Fine. I was going to stay home with her, but the DOJ wants everyone in. - I didn't want her to be alone. - I would've been fine. Department of Justice is a target. That's why I'm leaving her here with you. I have to go in. {\You know, I don't see}Why you couldn't have just dropped me off at Dan's? Because Dan's parents aren't home. And the last time{\Dan's parents weren't home}... You're lecturing me about sex? We got bigger issues here. I wish you didn't have to go in. It's my job. I've gotta go. I just spoke to the director. He must really like your work. No one else is getting in but us. I coached Jamal at soccer practice. He raised money for our charity drive.</i> But I never recruited him as a killer.</i> Your brother is a member of Al-Shabab, one of the most radical groups in the Horn of Africa. Isn't he? Last month, an FBI informant spotted Mr. Ali with some Afghani nationals that they've been tracking. And given his access to the bomber, - he's our prime suspect. - Your setup's all wrong here. What's all wrong? What are you doing? - What the hell are you doing? - What the hell are you doing? Stop it! It's all wrong. What was that? Deputy Messler, this is Dr. Cal Lightman. He's offered to help with the suspect. The... director has cleared us to be here. Listen, I don't care who you spoke with. Get him the hell out of here. You've had four hours with him. What do you have? You got nothing. {\You got}Less than nothing, right? Listen, we're gonna crack this son of a bitch. That's the kind of thinking that led to Abu Ghraib. Good P.R. for Al Qaeda, by the way. Well done on that one. Can someone escort him out of here? What do you expect me to do? This is what the director wants. You're not gonna crack Mr. Ali, because... he's only showing one emotion... Fear. He's scared because he's been caught. Or maybe he's scared because you threw him in a dungeon - and you threatened to render him. - The Bureau doesn't render suspects. Your setup increases fear, which puts up barriers to getting to the truth. If you want real reliable information, - you've got to alter the conditions. - Alter them how? I want you... in there. And I want him... out here. I spoke with Jamal several times in the last month. He's very quiet, but never angry. The kid blew up a bus. He was angry about something. Agent Young, do you have any idea what these accusations will do to our community? That's why we want to conduct these interviews right away. Did Jamal ever express any hatred for America? We come here to worship, not to discuss politics. I asked the men to come here so you could talk to them. But... you must understand, they are on guard now. We just have a few quick questions. - I'm so sorry. - Sorry. I want to help you find anyone who was part of this. We appreciate your time. There's nothing more important. Jamal Bata was a member here at Auliyah for almost two years. In that time, did anyone ever hear him talking about violence? Is there a heater on in here{\or something?}? Am I the only one who's hot? So you accidentally removed your head scarf? And what, you were gauging the reactions of the men? Terrorist{\s} tend to see the world in black and white.{\We thought} We might get a reaction. This is the video capture of the first group of men we talked to. When I took off my head scarf there were a lot of reactions... Shock, interest. But only one displayed this. That's some intense anger. We talked to 11 groups, about 10 to 12 men each. These are the ones who showed extreme anger. Any fundamentalist would show that. It doesn't mean they're terrorists. It doesn't... But it's a place to start. I apologize for the conditions before, but the road to tyranny is always paved with claims of necessity, right? I grew up in Somalia. I know about tyranny. What do you know about the bombs? Did Jamal ever tell you anything about what he was planning to do? I never heard him speak of it. These men are possible suspects from the mosque.</i> You know this guy? What about him? - No, I do not. - That's the first lie you've told us. When you spoke about Jamal before, you were sad. If you'd been behind these bombings you would have been proud of him. I had nothing to do with the bombing. I believe you. I do, I believe you. But you've got to tell us what you're hiding. Because if you don't, more children like Jamal will be recruited by the men who did plan this. Somali children... Their parents... pay us to bring them here. We help them get into this country. So why were you afraid to tell us that? The children are illegals. So you're smugglers... You and this guy. We simply try to give them better lives.</i> I had nothing to do with this bombing. You think he's telling the truth? This man's not a terrorist. You should move on. It's a waste of time. Oh, God. Another suicide bomber at Maulin Virginia. At least ten dead, and dozens more have been injured. And Al Qaeda's put up another statement saying this is just the beginning. A few of the survivors identified the bomber. We think he was one of the young men we saw at the mosque. Rasheed Kahn. I just talked to this guy this morning. I didn't read anything off of him. I missed him. Reporting live from Virginia Metropolitan, where victims are being brought. A second deadly suicide bombing, this time at the Langley Oaks Mall has D.C. and citizens of every city in a panic. They just confirmed it, The two bombers are members of the same mosque. Hang on a second. There was another one. My friends go to that mall. - How many more are there going to be? - I don't know, darling. - Can we please go home? - Soon. I don't want you watching any more of this stuff, all right? - It's got to be rough on the kid ? - Yeah. - Do you have any video yet? - No, not from the mall. And they're still piecing together tape from the bus. We need photographs of the two bombers interacting w00th people that they knew. People at the mosque or on the soccer field. - They want me on the scene, so... - All right, take Loker with you. - We need all the video we can find. - All right, you got it. Hey. Don't beat yourself up over this, all right? I talked to the second bomber 3 hours before he went into that mall. He killed 13 people. I looked right at him, I didn't see anything. I completely missed him. You would have seen it. You could have stopped this. All right, 1986, I'm in Belfast for the British. I let go of a man. That night he walks into a pub and he shoots six people. Three of them dead. - How'd he get by you? - Sometimes they just do. - I need you focused, love. - Yeah. This job has opened some crazy doors. This is not one I ever wanted to walk through. The shrapnel pattern's consistent with most suicide bombs. Looks like they used nails. The only good thing is it was a small device. Small? There's shrapnel marks 100 feet down the walls. If it was big, there'd be no walls. Look at this. See how the blood is sprayeddown and outward? - This is where he detonated. - That's great. - I'll be outside vomiting. - Wait a minute, wait a minute. No, that... that doesn't make sense. The food court is only 50 feet away. The bomb would have been a lot more effective there. Know what? There's no cameras covering this area. That's probably why he did it here. What do you see? - That camera caught it. - That's not pointed this way. No, not directly, but it's pointed at what used to be a mirror. The angle's tight, but those cameras, they have wide-angle lenses. A.V. Club in high school? I understand, Mr. Director. I'll make sure that Dr. Lightman has everything that he needs. - What are we looking for? - Disgust. The language of hate. Any sign on the bomber's faces of someone that they were working with. There's nothing here. Nothing on the bomber's faces, nothing on the faces of their friends. We need more recent photographs. - Something must have changed. - I have the Secret Service on the line for you. Yeah, you must be looking for Torres. What's this about? I'm glad that you called, too. Don't. Don't. Look, I'm glad that you called, but I just can't do this, okay? - You all right? - Yeah. I got a call from Secret Service. Are they worried about the White House? No, Dupree's unaccounted for. What? Torres' boyfriend? FBI have a chatter that malls were being targeted. Secret Service was sent in to coordinate security - after the first bomb. - And he was there? He was there or he was on his way there... it's unclear. Either way, he hasn't called in since the blast. - All right, I'll tell her. - Hey... - I don't think we should. - Cal... She interviewed the mall bomber and she missed him. - She's not responsible. - She thinks she is. She thinks she killed those people. You want her to think that her boyfriend was one of them? She'd want to know. I've got calls in to the director of the FBI, the head of the ATF. There are people canvassing in the hospitals. There's nothing that she can do right now. - I don't know about this. - We need her focused. Hey, you ready to go? - You okay? - Yeah. Let's go. You need to let us go home. We've lost our son. Your son killed a lot of people at that mall. He worked with you here. Looks like you had some of what he needed to build that bomb. My son was not a radical. Rasheed would never hurt innocent people. The family is usually the last to know. Did Rasheed have any extremist views? He loved this country. You're trying to make him into a mujahid. - That wasn't him. - Your nephew doesn't seem to agree. What? Shame. You're ashamed. Of course I feel ashamed. Someone so close to me hides a secret like this. How can you not know. Mrs. Kahn, what was Rasheed's day like? He would wake up early for prayers... have breakfast... go to band practice. After classes, he loved to edit the school newspaper. He volunteered at the mosque. He did his homework. This wasn't your fault. So that "typical day" stuff? What was that, some kind of psych test? Radical groups prey on outcasts... disaffected kids. Rasheed should have been a loner, but he was in the band, he worked on the newspaper, he volunteered at the mosque. Where he could have been exposed to other radicals. He didn't fit the profile. DOJ wants us all over Rasheed Kahn's school. That means I want to talk to every student and teacher, the janitors. I want to find out who was absent that day. I want to see if there are any substitute teachers. Can you give me a second, please? Hey. How's Emily? She's okay, I guess. The second bomb shook her up a bit. Yeah, she's not the only one. What are your law enforcement contacts like over at, Fairfax County? I'd say pretty good at the moment. I need your help. There's a guy I know in the Secret Service and he was on his way to the mall, and he's gone missing. - What's his name?  - Karl Dupree. - With a "K"? - Yeah. - Okay, I'm on it. Good. And you're leaving soon, aren't you? No coffee stops. No supermarkets. Just stay out of the Capitol, all right? You always did have a funny way of saying I love you. Yeah. - How are you doing, kiddo? - Yeah. Fine. Hey, they were able to put together the tape from the bus, and we have video from the mall. You're going to want to take a look. These are the two suicide bombers, moments before detonation. Their body language is paradoxical. Could you try using smaller words that mean more? Terrorists are usually so afraid of being spotted that the keep their heads down and avoid making eye contact. Right. But check out the video from the bus. Jamal's got his head up. He's making eye contact with the other passengers. And look at the mall bomber. He's flirting with that woman. He's got a classic head tilt. He's squared his hips to face her. He's leaning in. Maybe he pulled her in to kill her. No, there's nothing on his face. He's too relaxed for a suicide mission. So you're saying he didn't know? Rasheed didn't fit the profile. He had no history of violence. That would explain why Torres didn't see any anxiety when she talked to him. So no anxiety... ... no determination. These are the faces of innocents, not suicide bombers. Forensic analysis found that remote detonators were used in both bombings. Those young men were victims, too. They had no idea what they were doing. But the terrorists wanted the world to believe that they did. The idea of homegrown suicide bombers choosing to blow themselves up is a lot scarier than some foreign radical planting bombs on people. I need you to find out who had access to both kids. All right. Rasheed was targeted. He had no idea that he was carrying the bomb. That's why you couldn't read him {\when you were }by talking to him. {\Yeah, }But somebody planted a bomb on him, and I might have missed them. No, you didn't miss anything. We need to look harder at the mosque. Go look at the tape. - Any word on Dupree? - No, nothing yet. We'll tell her swhen we know something new. {\But }She knows she's not responsible for the second bombing{\ now}. We've had two bombs in a day. More are likely. She's one of the few people who can actually help find these guys. The most productive thing she can do for Dupree... she's doing it. What about that? Guy keeps rubbing his arm. No, we clocked him when we were there. Arthritis. Confirmed it with his medical records. I'm moving to Israel. If I'm going to live {\somewhere }where I can get blown up in a bus or in a mall{\ at any time}, I want beaches and {\I want }women who speak their minds. - You don't have much of a filter{\, do you}? - He calls it radical honesty. It grows on you. - Wait, go back. - What? Go back to the point when the Imam walks in front of the camera. Look at his eyebrows. They're raised and pulled together. How in the hell did you see that? Did he seem that anxious when you talked to him? No, nothing like that. Maybe he's just nervous about us talking to his men. Maybe {\it's }something else. I'm not a murderer. See, after 9-11, I... We all struggled. I'm from Saudi Arabia. I studied at the same mosque as one of the hijackers. I never believed in their brand of Islam. And I realized that to be an American I had to honor my country and my religion. So I called the FBI office and offered to help. You were an informant? If anyone I had concerns about came into the mosque, I'd make a call. Deputy Messler never said anything about that. I only work with one man. Agent Richard Squire. - Do you know him? - No, not well. He left the Bureau right after the administration turned over. You didn't like him very much. He took advantage. One day, he asked me about an argument I had with a congregant at a private ablution ceremony. There was no way he could have known about the argument. So he bugged the place. Audio surveillance over the ablution fountain, here in the prayer hall, in the bathrooms. If the FBI was willing to do that before, you tell me, what will they do now? So? So the FBI has no record of any bugging. And audio surveillance is a major operation. The Imam was telling the truth. Maybe Squire did it on his own. Well, there were a lot of cowboys after 9-11, so it's certainly possible. But if he did tap this mosque, I want those tapes. Found your man Dupree. Just got off the phone with Fairfax County P.D. They confirmed he was at the mall. Yeah, thanks. - What? - Dupree was in the mall. He was in the elevator when the bomb went off. He's alive. He's... unconscious. - Oh, my God! - Take my car. Virginia Metropolitan. Excuse me, ma'am. We have to get him to surgery. How's he doing? He's got blood in his brain. A hematoma. He was in an elevator for four hours. Nobody knew where he was. What was that? What? That look. Did you know? You knew he was missing? There was nothing you could have done. Nothing. - I could have done...? - Ria... Oh, wait... I see, I see, okay. It wasn't... it wasn't you, was it? Lightman decided not to tell me. Everything possible was being done to find Dupree - and Cal relies on you, Ria. - I don't believe this, I really don't. Lightman plays God and you make excuses for him. You leave me the hell alone. I served the Bureau for 22 years. Didn't want to work for some kind of castrated version of the DOJ, so I left. Oh, was that why? Or did someone find out about your illegal operation at the mosque? There was no illegal operation. I don't think that's true. While you people were whining about civil liberties, extremists were plotting against this country. Maybe you'll quiet down now that we have bombs blowing up in our backyard. You know, you don't seem particularly upset about these bombings. Quite the opposite, in fact. Islamic extremism is flourishing under our noses. If I'm ambivalent, maybe it's because I see a silver lining. 40 people are dead. Where's the silver lining? If we allow this administration to dismantle our security operations, it's going to be 40,000. Here's the thing, Dick... ... you're a disgruntled ex-agent waiting for someone to call you back so you can be a fourth quarter hero. And I bet you still have those surveillance tapes. {\And }I'm {\pretty }sure you wouldn't have left them laying around here for your wife or your maid to trip over. No, because guys like you... you think that the work you do is so damn important. I'm even willing to bet you got yourself one of those Dick Cheney man-sized safes. Let's take a look. Next week's fine. Okay, no, I still don't have a permanent address. Everything's just going to go into storage. All right. Thank you. How you doing? It's so crazy. I mean, I heard 40 people died already. - And a bunch of them are my age. - Yeah, it is. - But everything's going to be fine. - Adults always say that, but I mean, it's not fine. You know what... you're right. But not every day is going to be like this. You know, my mom's been spending all this time with Dad. I mean, they think I don't know. It's like they don't even remember how bad it was. They'll have to figure it out for themselves. Maybe it will be different. You don't believe that. He's so much happier when he's with you. Your mom's here. You should pack up your stuff. I just came to pick up Emily. What's in the box? It's the surveillance tapes from the mosque the two bombers belong to. Illegally obtained surveillance tapes. An FBI agent went rogue and bugged the place. - Where do we stand? - {\Well, }They're worthless in court, - if that's what you're asking. - I'm not too worried about prosecuting{\ right now}. Yeah, but if you use the tapes, you legitimize the bugging, right? Law enforcement is always given some latitude if there's an imminent threat. What about afterwards? {\When }If this gets out, it could lead to more terrorism. - And how would it come out? - These things always do. Intelligence says there could be 5 or 6 more bombings this week. What if there's something in those tapes that could help prevent that? Okay, give them to Foster and Loker. Let them start in. That's what I wanted to hear. We're through the first 1,200 hours. Already? How is that possible? Well, normal vocal pitch is less than 500 hertz. Anything higher implies extreme emotion... anger, anxiety or fear. That's what the computer's scanning for. What did we get off the tape from the mosque? The first hit's a marital dispute, the second is a 7-year-old and the third is a guy who really needed to find a bathroom. Looks like we've another winner. It's unacceptable! Completely unacceptable!</i> People who do things like this must be punished!</i> Stress is up on all the negative words, and you hear that vocal tremor? That could be repulsion or disgust. How {\the hell }are we supposed to match a voice with a name? - Foster never forgets a voice. - Some o' us are better at listening than others. Thank you. My son, was not a radical. It's the same voice. Omor Kahn. Father of the second bomber. It's unacceptable! Completely unacceptable! People who do things like this must be punished!</i> Where was this recorded? In our mosque? Someone recorded private conversations - in the mosque?! - Absolutely. You don't deny that was your voice,? I'll take that as a no. Do you have the shrapnel plotting from FBI forensics yet? Check it out. Look how perfect the blast radius is. That bomb was small, compact. It'd've to be, if somebody slipped it into those kids' backpacks. What are you accusing me o'? Someone planted bombs on Jamal Bata and your son. They were murdered! My boy was murdered! Uh, you know... I'm thinking maybe it wasn't slipped in. {\I'm thinking }Maybe'twas concealed. Maybe... Someone gave them the bomb disguised as something else. Do you think that I could sacrifice my own son?! Where's the sacrifice? I thought virgins awaited him. Rasheed was killed by extremists. My family and I, we are the victims. One o'those kids played soccer. You pack a soccer ball with enough ball bearings... You got the right idea, but the concussion diameter was{\ only} 200 feet. The bomb wasn't that big. - They teach you that at Quantico? - A week in Tel Aviv with Shin Bet. I am an American{\ citizen}. You can't treat me like this. Do we've info on what the shrapnel was? This says small pieces of aluminum, glass shards, copper and nickel. Copper and nickel, huh? - Just like on the bus? - Pretty much. Forensics figured part of that is from the coins in the {\fare }box. Coins... Copper and nickel. What if the coins are part of the bomb? The coins were the shrapnel. I think I know how the bombs were disguised. Omar Kahn hasn't given you one straight answer. Yeah, his son's dead. He's a little angry. It looks like a killer's rage to me. I'm turning him over to the CIA, they'll do what it takes to get him to talk. Do you know what they call a place that breaks the law everytime there's an emergency? Dictatorship. Where'd you go? What? What do you mean what? This is what you used to plant the bombs in. I talked to the Imam. Every family that belongs to that mosque, had access to one of these. You put the explosives in the bottom of the canister. And the coins acted as the shrapnel. That thought you had... That thought right there... Horrified you. You're not behind this{\, are you}? But you know who is. Is it someone close to you? Someone you saw with these canisters? It couldn't be. Who couldn't it be? What if you're wrong? What will they do to him? What would happen? You accused my son of being a murderer. You bug our mosques... You... There are bombs in our streets. Many, many more people will die. You have to tell us. Don't do it for us. Do it for your son. Do it for... The other children who're going to die meaningless deaths in other people's wars. Do it for your son. That recording that you have of me... I was scolding him. I thought he was taking the cans for the coins. I caught him. I thought he was trying to steal the money. I brought him here from Jordan. How could he do this to my son? It was your nephew. Freeze! Freeze! Messler tells me you fired your gun the same time as the guy moved. I didn't have a choice. A second later, he'd have hit the detonator. How'd you know? Just the look on his face,{\ I guess}. We really are going to have to find you an office around here. Did you hear they found out how we broke the case? They're saying that the mosque was bugged illegally. It'll be all over the press tomorrow and {\It'll be}a recruiting tool for Al Qaeda. That's tomorrow's problem. How do you think we arrived at today? Go home. I mean it, go home. How you doing? You all right? I'm okay. You want to talk about it, love? Alec and I are separating. I'm moving out. I'm sorry. You know, I can't even picture it. Being on my own. Must be a long time. - I got to go to the hospital. - To see Torres? I'll be all right. You should go. You should go. How's he doing? They were able to clear out most o'the blood. Everybody's waiting for him to wake up. That's good, right? It's over out there yet? For now, yeah. I'm sorry I had to lie to you, about... If you hadn't have picked up on the Imam... We'dn't have found the tapes. - A lot more people would be dead. - I'd've had a choice. What you do... lying all the time... Deciding who gets to know what... It doesn't matter with Loker, 'cause he worships you... Or Foster... Who indulges you, but not me. Not anymore. Time to find a different job {\then}? What? Isn't the last time I'm going to lie to you, The problem's not the job, it's working for you. You still don't get it, do you? - Get what? - This isn't about you. It's not about me. You think I wanted to lie to you about your boyfriend? {\Do you}? You have a talent. But it comes with sacrifice, believe me.