A FEMA spokesman on the scene refused to comment, but Channel Eight News has learned that two construction workers have been killed, while others may still be buried alive beneath tons of concrete and steel. For now, all of Frostburg can only watch and wait as the rescue effort proceeds, and emergency officials try to determine the cause of the collapse. Everybody just calm down. Everybody just calm down. My construction company's built a dozen of these eco-buildings. We've never had anything more than a minor injury. What are you implying? Don't look at me. City Inspections found no evidence of any sequencing issues in the construction! Well, maybe you missed something! If you took the proper safety - precautions, how would something like this have happened?  - Oh, no. No, I am not going to take the fall on this. What the hell is that? Hello? Is this thing on? Who the hell are you? Dr. Lightman, thanks so much for coming down right away. Stevens, right? Dr. Lightman is here to assist FEMA in the rescue efforts. "Assist"? How? He's a deception expert. He's worked with FEMA on half a dozen cases. I want you to give him your full cooperation. Who's lying? Well, you're all pointing fingers and shifting blame, which is typical of a disaster rescue operation, which is going to guarantee you won't find your men. We've pulled out nine men, two in body bags. three are still missing, Blunt, Denman and Kisker. How long they been gone? 15 hours. No sign of them. Yeah, we're not going to find any sign of them standing around here talking either. Who are you? Kevin Warren. I own Green City Construction. Those are my men buried down there. They're my men, too. Those missing men are all from Frostburg. Meredith Fallon. I'm the mayor. This is the city engineer, Mark Boulware. We've been focusing our search here. Southeast quadrant, 2B. That's where the missing men were last seen. Collapse brought down six stories of concrete right on top of them. In our experience, if we don't get to them within 24 hours, the odds of finding them alive go way down. Well, then you'd better move fast, don't you? So who do you want to talk to first? I need to talk to whoever saw them last. I have an early meeting tomorrow that I need you and Loker to take on your own. Did you find Dr. Lightman? FEMA confirmed he's at the disaster site. I'm heading out there now while there are still one or two people he hasn't had time to alienate. Better drive fast. Dr. Foster? - Dr. Foster?  - Yes. Dr. Lightman is waiting for you. Come this way. Yeah, we were all on the same sub crew. Been working together since we built these foundations. And you left the men just before the collapse? Yeah, like, two, three minutes at the most. We were laying down rebar, Southeast Quadrant, and I had to take a leak. Uh, I was in and out of the john and then I felt the ground shaking. And I hit the dirt. I thought, you know, these guys are trapped down there, and I can't even get to them. I can't imagine what you must be feeling right now. But I don't think you have any troub imagining how you're feeling right now. - What?  - I think you've imagined this while story you're telling. - Are you calling me a liar?  - Your eyes are calling you a liar; we just work here. When people feel genuine guilt, they always look down and away. You were looking straight at us. The search team hasn't been able to find the men where you said they were. Look, we're just trying to understand what happened here. It says here that you were hurt on a construction job earlier this year. It had you out of commission - for almost three months.  - Yeah, yeah. I almost broke my neck on a nonunion contract. I was lifting pylons. Um... What expression do you see? Expression? What emotion do you think this person is feeling right now? I don't know. Angry? No, surprised. And... in this one? - Embarrassed?  - Happiness. And... this one? Disgusted. Correct. You're having trouble recognizing every emotion except disgust. It's a pattern we found sometimes with people who are addicted to opiates. You can recognize disgust, because you see it over and over from your friends and family. I'm guessing that after you ran out of pain meds for your neck injury, you started self-medicating. Hey, I've done tons of drugs. I understand completely. Mr. Spaly, did you lie about where you were before the collapse because you were getting high someplace else? Hey! Who's that? - Who's that? And who's that?  - Kisker. That's Denman. - And who's that?  - I know their names. They're missing, Mr. Spaly. Okay, look, I came up. I went to my locker and I got my stash. All right, I was... I lost track of time, but I wasn't gone from down there more than an hour! So you saw the men in the Southeast Quadrant an hour before the collapse?! This entire operation has been focused on 2B in the SE Quad based on what you told us! They could be anywhere, on any level! Hold the work! Stop! Hold the work! 30 seconds of silence! Now! Bring the dogs back in! Hey, we've got some banging over here! They're down here! Let's hope the dogs aren't lying, too. # Turn back the clock # # Give me some time # # I need to break out # # Make a new name # # Let's open our eyes # # To the brand-new day # Thank you for meeting with me. What can we do for you today, Mr. Kachani? I've read about your marriage experiments, and I had my people do a little research into the work you do here. Okay. Long and short is, I'm about to ask my girlfriend, Nadia, to marry me. Oh, mazel tov. It's a good thing you're starting young. It took my father five times to get it right. Affair, alcohol, green card problems, affair... So, when my company, Networker, went public, I did, uh... well. Yeah, I'd call banking four-and-a-half billion dollars doing very well. Before I propose to Nadia, I have to know if she loves me for the right reasons. What makes you think she doesn't? Nadia grew up with nothing. Her father was a short-order cook, in and out of work. She's struggled - student loans, credit card debt...  - So? So, right after my company went public, my partner's wife left him and took their two-year-old daughter. She used the little girl against him for a huge settlement. So what is it you'd like us to do? Nadia says she had no idea who I was before we met. I just want to make sure she's telling the truth. Dr. Lightman does deception detection for the FBI, TSA, police... We don't snoop into people's personal lives. But thanks for coming in. Your Web site's incredibly useful for reconnecting with girls who rejected me in middle school. Look, just do your boss a favor, and make a decision after you look. I think that's the micro expression for "holy crap." We're dropping fiber-optic cameras into the collapsed structure, and the crawler drills will be boring through the debris to create a hole through which we will then pull out the men. Mayor Fallon. And we have every reason to believe that Mr. Blunt, Mr. Denman and Mr. Kisker are alive. And the drills are the best way to reach the men? They've been down there for19 hours now. We have to reach them as quickly as possible. No expense will be spared to save them. And I want to reiterate that no wrongdoing has occurred in the construction on this site. You know, I'm going to let you handle the questions. I really need to get back to the family. Excuse me, I'm going to get back to the families. How long have they been down there without water? Do you think you're going to find more bodies? Mayor Fallon, hi. I'm Gillian Foster. I know who you are. We really appreciate your help here. Hi. Any idea how this happened? No. You lied when you said there was "no wrongdoing" on the site. Why was that? Oh, that was just... That was just what? I pressured the Green City Construction to hire more Frostburg workers than they needed. None of our men would have even been there - if it weren't for me.  - How did you pressure them? Permits and zoning. I helped them clear some bureaucratic hurdles. I don't know what things are like for you DC folks, but things have gotten real bad for Frostburg with the recession. The site was going to bring a whole new industry here; our Silicon Valley, thousands of new jobs. If I can help with anything else, please call my office. Thank you. We've got video! There they are! Blunt! They're alive! Can I see that? - No.  - Can I? Thank you. Yeah, it's them. It's Blunt, Denman and Kisker. That's Kisker. His leg's crushed. There's a lot of blood. I can't really feel my toes. Oh, my God. Baby! Someone's got to help him. We are trying Mrs. Kisker. We rigged a tourniquet on it, but he's not doing so good. Jered, are you hurt? I'm okay, Valerie. We're all banged up a little, but we're okay. And I love you, Valerie. All right, let's get you back to the staging area. I will keep you updated. - I'm staying here.  - I'm sorry. We have to bring you back to the tent. Dr. Lightman. My men need engineers and rescue workers, not a couple of freak show shrinks pointing fingers. She's the shrink. I'm the freak show. I'm sorry, we normally wear labels. Hello? Hello, yeah, we're here. Can you tell me what happened? The sub roof just started coming down. Once we heard it, we went to the elevator shaft, but we couldn't get there in time. Is there any way you can get over there now? We've tried, but the substructure floor between here and the shaft is just too unstable, it could give out. He's right. We haven't even completed that substructure floor yet. That man could bleed out down there. We have to drill faster. Listen, guys, I promise you, we're going to get you guys up from out of there, okay? You just sit tight. The drill should reach you in a few hours. We're going to do whatever it takes. You're going to be rescued. Did you see that? - Yeah.  - See what? Hey, um, Mr. Blunt? Yeah? What is it? Mr. Blunt, can you hear me? We lost the feed. All right, we lost the feed. Can you trace the line? Guys, talk to me. I need to know why we got cut off. We've got men down there, and we need to communicate with them. All right, give me some minute, we're working on it. Can you rewind it back to the point where they'd just been told they were going to be rescued? Uh, these two men are showing joy and relief. Yeah, freeze there. Can we push in on this man? Okay. Lips stretched. Can you pan up to the eyes? Eyelids retracted. - Fear.  - That's concealed fear. Well, he's buried under 50 tons of concrete and steel. What the hell were you expecting? Relief. I don't expect a man who's just been told he's going to be rescued to show fear, and everyone else is showing relief. Maybe he doesn't believe he can be rescued. Post traumatic stress can stifle almost any positive emotion. Maybe, uh... Mr. Blunt doesn't want to be rescued. Who wouldn't want to be rescued? Someone who caused the collapse in the first place. You think Blunt might've intentionally caused the collapse. Well, that would explain the look of fear. Best explanation we've got. This is unbelievable. How long has Jered Blunt worked for you, Mr. Warren? About six months. Any problems? Did he threaten violence against the company? Yeah, he confronted me a few times. In fact, he sent a threatening letter to my office, - complaining about overtime.  - Why didn't you fire him? Well, believe me, I tried. The union blocked. Why would Blunt sabotage the building while he was still inside it? Well, maybe he got trapped down there. Can you replay the video again? Okay. We're up. We're all banged up a little, but we're okay. And I love you, Valerie. Wait, freeze it! Freeze it! Look at that. There's charring on the concrete. Burn marks from an explosion. Damn. What's wrong? Blunt could have used explosives to try to blow up the building. That could have caused the collapse. If he did this, he could be trying to sabotage our rescue efforts, too. There could be more explosives down there. What about my other guys? We need to get them out of there. They're trapped right here, in the Northwest Quadrant. If they can get across to the elevator shaft here, - they'd be protected from another explosion.  - No way. This floor's too unstable to get there. They'd never make it. We're getting ready to send rescue workers down there. If there are undetonated explosives, I can't move forward. Dr. Lightman, can you find out from Blunt if he did this so we know if it's safe to get these men down there? If you get the live feed back up, I can talk to him directly. We have to get it back up then. We won't get anything from Blunt that way. He's not going to admit to blowing up the building when he's still down there with his crew. Then what the hell are we going to do? 'Cause we're just wasting time here, and Kisker's down there bleeding. Violence in the workplace correlates to domestic violence. A guy doesn't blows up a building without that anger spilling over at home. We should talk to his wife. My father would have been proud of these men. When he was mayor, it was his dream to try to bring industry to our city, and we're fulfilling that dream. And I am proud of our strength in this difficult time. And once we get the men out... Excuse me. Is Valerie Blunt here? ... we'll rely on each other to get through this... Thank you. ... just as we always have. I know you're concerned, and I'll take questions one at a time. Please... We met in high school. I was a cheerleader and Jered was a third-string running back. Ridiculous, right? But we fell in love. Are you still in love? Of course. I mean, you know, it's... it's not perfect. It's... It's a marriage. I can't believe this happened after everything else this year. You and your husband have been through a lot? Uh, no. No, no. I just mean, um... with how hard it is to... to find work around here for anyone. Maybe he's just crazy. What? Your husband, maybe he's just bonkers. Wha... what are you talk... I don't know... He was arguing with the company, he was constantly getting into fights, right? What my partner is dancing around here is that we think your husband just lost it and blew up the building. - Jered would never do that.  - What are you doing? This isn't appropriate. There's something she's not telling us. - We're wasting time.  - I'm sorry. I'm sick of watching you coddle these women. Well, I'm sick of you derailing this investigation. You know, you can be a bitch sometimes. Who the hell are you people?! Stay away from me! You almost didn't sell it. I'm going to have to hit you harder next time. You know, you take a little bit too much pleasure in that one. Valerie Blunt was disgusted when you slapped me, but she wasn't afraid. She showing no heightened sensitivity to violence between a man and a woman. I think it's unlikely she was abused. So you don't think her husband could have blown up the building? With no violence at home? It's hard to believe. It's Loker. Give me a second. Yeah? Take it. Yeah. Yeah. - What was that? A job?  - Yeah. You going to tell me what it is? I don't need your permission to take on a case. That depends on the case, doesn't it really? It'll be fine, I promise. That usually means I'm getting screwed. Usually. Isn't that the head of Green City Construction? Warren? With Mrs. Blunt? Less than a foot and a half between them. A flash glance from her before a quick turn away. They've been intimate before. You know, Valerie Blunt was hiding something when you asked if she and her husband had problems, eyelids fluttered. There was something she didn't want to say. Maybe her husband wasn't the perpetrator. Maybe he was the target. So Warren sleeps with Blunt's wife, and then buries him alive? If you would think I would have anything to do with this, you are completely out of your mind. Why would I sabotage my own job, my own company? For, for woman? And I got ten guys on this crew at least who can tell you exactly where I've been on this site every minute of the last three days. I haven't been down to the substructure for weeks. But you and Mrs. Blunt had an affair, right? It wasn't an affair. They were separated at the time. And he'd hardly spoken to her for six months before they broke up. Why did your relationship end? I just wasn't into it anymore. You know, I told her I just wasn't really feeling it, you know? That's a lot of anger you're showing for a woman you don't care about. Men usually reserve that kind of anger for women that they love. I don't know why it ended, okay? I thought we were on cloud nine. We both felt like we were kids again. We were out to dinner one night, she got a phone call from Blunt; she spoke to him for about five minutes and she bolted out of the restaurant, I don't know. She went running back to him, just like that, so... - You believe him?  - Well, he's pretty confident about his alibi. And he used similes and metaphors when he was talking about Valerie Blunt. "We were on cloud nine. We felt like kids again." People don't use that kind of language when they're lying. What do you think Blunt told her that brought her running back? There's something going on between them. And we still don't know why he showed fear when he found out he was going to be rescued. I need to know what else Loker found on the footage. It's hot down here, but there's still air. Can we zoom in on his left cheek and forehead, Sylvia? Oh, there's that thing again.  What is that? Contempt? Could be contempt. Its unilateral. Hey. I need to borrow Michael. We're going to go meet our billionaire's girlfriend, Nadia Dawson. - Wow.  - Yeah. Easy, tiger. She's only into guys making ten figures. Maybe she really loves him. Yeah, right. What makes you so sure? The female hanging fly. What? The female hanging fly. She'll only mate with a male when he brings her a caterpillar as a food offering. The bigger the offering, the more time she will have intercourse with him. For insects, it's food. For us, it's money. She's a female hanging fly. Okay, you need to get out more. Look, I don't care if she's into him for his money, as long as she is up front about it from the beginning. Yeah, well, it's not always so easy to be open about money. I always tell women exactly how much I have in the bank on the first date. And you wonder why you never get a second. Good luck. Dr. Lightman's on the line. Hey. So it's a contraction of Blunt's orbicularis, corrugator and frontalis muscles. I'm thinking contempt. Maybe he did try to bring down the building after all. No, that's not contempt. Well, what is it? Mr. Blunt's a very sick man. I wouldn't feel too well either if I were buried under a building. He is sick long befor he was buried. Almost got the feed back up. How's your husband? How'd you know...? Don't do that. Can you still hear us? Yeah. We hear you. Got it. How's Mr. Kisker? He's not good. You need to get us out of here. Mr. Blunt, I need you to tell us something. What is it? On the video footage we got of you back here, I noticed something a little peculiar. You have a rippling contraction of your facial muscles. I don't understand. Well, you haven't been well, have you? - What do you mean?  - Your muscle contraction is a symptom of late-stage multiple sclerosis. No. I don't know what you're talking about. When you and your wife were separated... something that you told her over the phone brought her running back to you. Are you sick? Mr. Blunt, it's okay. Mr. Blunt, your friend could bleed to death. I never meant for any of this to happen. But we got no savings. I don't have insurance. Doctors say I got... I got a few years. I didn't want to leave Valerie with nothing. When you were told you were gonna be rescued, you looked scared. What were you afraid we were going to find out? I was working near the elevator shaft. My hands have been shaking a lot, and I... I didn't, um... I was trying to hold on to my blowtorch and I couldn't and it fell... from B-1, two floors down to B-3. The tank must have exploded. I didn't realize I was putting you guys in danger, I swear. Hello. Can I help you? Are you Nadia Dawson? Yes. Hi. I'm Christina Lopez. - I was three years behind you in North Columbus.  - Ah! You played softball for Ms. Sleevi? Pitcher, right? Yeah. Yeah. She always said you had the best pickoff move. That is so funny. Are you staying here at the hotel... - Uh...  - I'm sorry, what was it, Christina? Yeah. I was just here for a meeting. You been working here a long time? Almost a year. It turns out Georgetown actually wants you to pay for classes, so... Oh. How weird running into someone from N.C. High... here. Ms. Sleevi would always say, "You got four bases, three strikes, two teams, but only one winner." So what brought you to D.C.? Um, well, my boyfriend started a company that's based here. It's one of those social Internet sites the kids are into. Oh, which one? It's called Networker. You're dating the founder of Networker? Yeah. Wow, how'd that happen? What do you mean? I mean, it's just a long way from North Columbus. Yeah, I guess so. How'd you meet him? Yeah, it's the funniest thing. I obviously had heard of the company, but I had no idea who he was. I just saw this adorable guy standing right here at the bar trying to get a drink. Yeah, that is funny. It must be strange to come from North Columbus and now to be with someone so well off. Take a look at this, Mr. Kachani. "You got four bases, three strikes, two teams, but only one winner." That's Nadia telling the truth. She's talking with her hands, what we call illustrators. But when she's asked if she knew who you were when you met... Yes, the funniest thing. I'd obviously heard of the company, but I had no idea who he was. I just saw this adorable guy standing there at the bar. No more illustrators. Her hands are in her lap. It must be strange coming from North Columbus and now to dating someone so well off. Instead, she touches her watch and... her earring. Manipulators. When you see illustrators decrease and manipulators increase... scratching, licking the lips, or in this case, touching jewelry, it's a sign of lying. I can't believe this. Whatever she told you, she knew who you were when you met. You have my check. Mr. Kachani... - I don't want to see any more.  - Mr. Kachani... I thought he was coming back in tomorrow. He said he couldn't wait. What did you tell him? The truth... she's after his money. That's not the whole truth. It's all he wanted to know. Yeah, but that's not all we found out. We're sure it was an accident? Of course it was. We knew that a man intentionally do harm to the building. Mayor Fallon is right. We've ruled out the possibility of explosives. Should be able to reach the men within the hour. What was the exact cause? Detonation of a blowtorch acetylene tank dropped through the substructure by Mr. Blunt. That man doesn't believe a word he just said. No, he doesn't. The specifics of the collapse pattern are consistent with Blunt's description. Maybe he knows what really happened. Hey, Stevens. You got a problem. The city engineer doesn't believe that blowtorch caused the building to collapse. Of course he does. He said so. The engineer is lying. He knows something about how this collapse happened. Come on. Five minutes ago you told me Blunt caused the collapse. Who the hell am I supposed to believe? Well, so you're not to believe? That guy. I've been in love with the same woman for 30-plus years... Thanks for coming back in, Mr. Kachani. I don't understand why I'm here. Well, the fact that Nadia knew who you were before you met isn't the only thing we learned when I talked to her. Okay. Look at this. ... and the way he hates breakfast food, and how frustrated he gets in traffic. I don't know, I just love everything about him. I... I want to spend the rest of my life with him. There. That's an illustrator. There she is telling the truth. She does love you, and your money. You're lying to yourself if you think you can separate the two. She lied to me. Well, why are you in love with Nadia? She's charming, she's intelligent and... oh, wait for it... she's beautiful. How's her beauty any different from your money? I don't know. Exactly. Just be honest with her. And yourself. And get a prenup. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't shrug my shoulders. Yeah, you don't believe the blowtorch caused the explosion, - do you, Mr. Boulware?  - Yes, I do. What's he doing? 11 beats every five seconds. That's 132 beats per minute. What are you talking about? Your carotid artery is pulsing 132 beats per minute. Your heart's racing. Why are you so tense? Maybe you found something in your inspections that could have caused the collapse. I didn't find anything. Now that's the truth. Now you're telling the truth. So I'm thinking, maybe you didn't find anything, because you didn't do the proper inspections. There are three men trapped underneath us. And if you know there's a problem and something happens to them... it's going to be your fault. My wife and I were three payments behind on our mortgage. We were gonna get foreclosed. I don't know where the hell - the money came from.  - Money? And a note. - From who?  - I don't know. It just said to skip the inspections and sign off on the approvals. Well, why would someone pay you off? What was it they didn't want you to find? Look, usually these inspections are proforma. I'm sure someone just wanted to move things along faster. Mr. Boulware, you don't believe that's all it is. Now you're minimizing... you're playing down your responsibility for what's gone wrong. You don't want to admit how big a risk you really took with these men's lives. But you need to tell us, what is the worst thing somebody could be trying to hide on this site? There. There. What were you thinking? As soon as the drills allow us to pull them through, we're gonna get your husband out of there. Please. He's everything. Just get him out of there. Hey, Stevens! You have to. - We will, Mrs. Blunt, I promise.  - Stevens! You have to stop the drilling. What are you talking about? Tell him. We can't drill... there could be methane gas down there. Methane? If there's methane down there, Blunt's blowtorch could've ignited it, causing the explosion. The drills could set off another one! Environmental testing was done on this site months ago. There's no signs of any gas. No, he took a bribe; proper inspections weren't done. - What?  - I went back over the old geologic surveys. Decades ago, this entire area was a landfill, and there could be methane seeping up from it. How could you have signed off without the inspections? Just stop the drills and do the testing! Methane testing takes hours. These men have been trapped for almost a full day. One man is dying down there. We could lose him while we do this testing. Someone paid this man not to do his job. You don't care who or why? I'll let the cops deal with him. I'm not wasting any more time. I am saving these men; we are drilling. - Eight to one.  - What? Eight to one. Average ratio of firefighter deaths in the U.S. compared to every other country with the same training, - effectiveness and equipment.  - So what? We have a Hero Complex in this country. Our firefighters rush in too quickly, trying to live up to the expectation that they're heroes, and more of our men get killed. Step back. And that is an order! Now! Almost! Ten more feet! Power up to 800 rpm's! You guys all right? It's hard to breathe... the air's getting thick. Is that the methane? It could explode; the drills could set it off. You got to tell me what's going on. This is the city engineer. I think there's a pool of methane seeping up from underneath you. Methane? Is there any place they can get to where they'll be safer? You need to try to get to the elevator shaft. You need to go now. Come on, Blunt! Tell my wife... I love her. If the drills hit that methane... We got to stop the drilling. Stop the drilling! Stop the drilling! I don't hear anything! I got nothing! Can you hear me? Yes! Yes! We got one! Come on, come on. Where is he? Where's Jered? Blunt let us go first. He didn't make it into the shaft, and, uh... with the fires... I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. FBI is here. What do you want to do? You talk, I'll watch, okay? Okay. Kevin Warren? Yeah. You have the right - to remain silent.  - What? Anything you say or do can be used against you. Are you kidding me? Wh... What is this? You found out there was methane underneath this site, and you knew it would derail this project. - That's crazy.  - And you tried to bribe - the city engineer to sign off without proper inspections.  - Oh, this is crazy. I would never do anything to risk my guys' lives. And if there was methane, I didn't know about it. That's the truth. I know you didn't, because you showed true surprise when you were accused. Everybody here was surprised, outraged... except for one. One person was relieved. When a guilty person sees someone accused of the crime that they committed... they show relief. Your father tried to bring a factory to Frostburg when he was mayor, and he couldn't. Is that how you found out about the methane? I never thought anything like this could happen. I didn't. I didn't. We needed the jobs. I'm sorry. Hey. I thought you could use a real drink. And a bath. Well, I can't help you with that. Why do people always think they're the only one with a secret? Human nature, of course. If the mayor had told the truth, or Blunt... had been honest about his illness... hmm, none of this would've happened. If the lies... hadn't come together.