I know it will be. I need you to bring negotiations to a close. Not a problem, Mr. Greene. Mark and I will take care of it. - Hey, how you doin', man? - How you doin', Carlos? - Good. - So, can we talk about the deal. Of course. Just follow me. So I... I had a chance to take a look at the numbers. Mr. Greene's proposal wasn't a request, Nick. Yes, but feel free to take as much time as you need to think about it. Happy new year. So I sign this and I'm good, right? As long as you testify, you'll have total immunity, with new identities for you, your wife, and kids. - And Kimi? - Come on. I can't give to your mistress a protection. Just like I told my wife, I'm not leaving Kimi. Elliot Greene's not a forgiving man. You don't sign, we cut you loose. You'll be dead in a day. Welcome to your new home. Drive! Get out of here! Get away from the window. - What? - Get away from the bloody window. - Why? - What's going on? A sniper just killed Mark McLaughlin while he was in protective custody. Is he someone from one of our cases? He was a case Reynolds was working before he came here. All right, Lightman, don't say another word, OK? McLaughlin was Reynolds' running buddy in an assortment of crimes, right? - You're not supposed to know that. - You work here. I know everything. - Does somebody want to fill me in? - Reynolds was undercover for 2 years trying to dismantle Elliot Greene's organization in New York. Greene, the Wall Street guy? Mobster, killer, extortionist. Mark was the lead witness in the case. Now he's dead. Reynolds is the next in line to testify. The prosecutor's on his way over to put you into protective custody. - You seem to have a problem with that. - I do. They got a spotty track record at best. Would you bet your life they could keep you safe? - Okay, so what do you have in mind? - Follow me. - You're the prosecutor, right? - Garrett Denning. Where's Reynolds? He's in the loo. This is Foster. Why is he in there? We have to move now. Well, 'cause your last witness got his head blown off. And he works here. My office, my rules. You're way out of line. Now, he is my new lead witness, and he's leaving with me. Well, that's bulletproof glass, that's reinforced door. - He stays until I put in the code. - So you're holding him prisoner. Hostage. I'll release him if my demands are met. Give me Agent Reynolds now or I will have your company shut down - and charge you with obstruction. - That's not gonna get him out of there. We are all concerned about his safety, so let's just try to work out a deal. You have a list of demands? Secure our building until we know he's safe. That's unnecessary. US marshals are fully capable - of protecting Agent Reynolds. - You don't sound too sure about that. The only ones I don't trust were the 3 guarding McLaughlin. Only they knew where he was going. My office is conducting an investigation into those marshals. Yeah. You give them to me, and then I'll let Reynolds go. His life's in danger. You ask him who he trusts to get to the bottom of this, you or us? You were the only ones who knew the safe house location. One of you gave up your witness. It's not possible. If there was someone dirty on my team... They all flash fear when they hear Elliot Greene's name. What did this guy do? He was a Wall Street fixer. If a hedge fund was looking for inside information, Greene's people did - whatever it took to get it for them. - What did it normally take? Blackmail, kidnapping, torture, murder. Our identities were kept secret, even from each other. Who did Greene get to? The US marshals don't hire turncoats. Just a minute. Can I borrow you? All right, this gentleman here is from the US attorney's office, and it's his job to put whichever one of you 3 killed McLaughlin, in prison. Right, well, you two. OK, go on. Out. Go on. - I want to talk to you. - What did I do? They were scared they might be working with someone connected to Greene. Only you showed additional fear when you were threatened with jail time. So what did Greene do? Did he pay you off? - Did he threaten your family? - No. Something else. What, did you simply not like McLaughlin? Mark was an obnoxious lowlife and a scumbag, but I didn't want him dead. Keep an eye on him, all right? What? We question the marshal or wait for Lightman to come back? I don't know. But I'm sure it's some kind of test. So is that our guy or not? What can you tell me about the case now McLaughlin's dead? His death is a disaster. I have to restructure my entire approach to the trial. And without Reynolds, I don't have a case. Does his voice sound like his face looks to you? There was a upturn in his vocal pitch when he mentioned McLaughlin's death. - Did you have him killed? - That's absurd. He was my lead witness. He was at a meeting with you before he was murdered. You knew the exact place and time he was being moved. Of course. I'm an assistant US attorney, for God's sake. - And yet you're happy he's dead. - It makes sense. He had a rap sheet a mile long, and he only cut a deal with you because you had him by the throat. I mean, if it was me, I would much prefer a highly decorated FBI agent as a witness. - Did you have Mark McLaughlin killed? - Are you people on drugs? Did you have any idea he was about to be murdered? Absolutely not. - That's the truth. - Thank you. - Now get back with that marshal. - No, he's a puppet. I'm more interested in the guy who's pulling the strings. You want me to get you in front of Elliot Greene? Absolutely. If you want the truth. This'll tell you if i have swine flu? It's a prerequisite for a body cavity search. I'm kidding. Just kidding, Mr. Greene. How are we feeling today? - Fine, I guess. - What, just fine? It's not every day the lead witness in a case against you gets killed. Who are you? I'm a friend of the witness that's about to step in to keep you behind bars. I'm also a doctor. And you're entitled to a lawyer. Don't need one. Tell me, how'd you get to McLaughlin? Did you pay off one of the marshals? Did you threaten him? Someone higher up the food chain? No, it's not that either. It is funny, isn't it? A man gets killed, today you're facing another murder count. That's funny. Tell your friends I'm confident that I'll be cleared at trial. You believe that, don't you? I have nothing to fear. - You think you can kill my friend? - Who's your friend? The man I know as Carlos? Benjamin Reynolds, right? If you think that federal agent is gonna be the guy who's gonna take me down, Ask him about his old friend Scotty. - What's up? - I just had a very interesting chat with your friend Elliot Greene. He says he has no intention of harming you. Forgive me if i don't believe him. Do you know why he's not worried about your testimony? Half of what I know could send him away for life. Does the name Scotty mean anything to you? There it is. There it is. Let me see that case file. What are you looking for? OK, there. - What is that? - Can we quit screwing around here? Greene's trial is in 4 days. Yeah, well, that's not gonna matter, because I'm not testifying. I got nothing without you. Just use the surveillance tapes. That should be enough. You're my witness who authenticates the tapes and nails the guy. And as a federal agent, you don't have a choice in the matter. I do have a choice. You sacrificed 2 years of your life to build this case. And now I'm done sacrificing. If you don't take the stand, you'll be fired from the FBI and we will press charges against you. I'm not testifying. You can't do that. Watch me. I've seen that face before. You need to call me back as soon as you get this. I've got a big problem here. Call me as soon as you get to the office. - Have you lost your mind? - That's funny, 'cause I was about to ask you the same question. Why are you doing this to me? Lightman, I get it, OK? You're concerned and I appreciate that. - But you really need to back off, OK? - I'm the man that's keeping you safe. You know what this is? This is another one of your ego trips. You can't rest until you find out what I've been keeping from you. No, it's not about me. It's about the pain you're feeling now. So you just see it all, huh? But, see, you have no idea. None. I've had to make brutal choices before to arrive at the right outcome. Listen. When I was undercover on the Greene case, my father, he died. I didn't go to the hospital. Or the funeral. So don't talk to me about tough choices. Well, then testify. Go on. Make the sacrifice count for something. Just shut up and give me my phone. Who were you calling? - Sheila Radotti. Who's she? - She was my handler on the case. Does she know why you won't testify? I haven't spoken to her in months. I get it. So you're investigating me for them. - To keep you in here. - Funny you didn't mention that before. Just trying to get to the truth, Ben. And I bet you'll serve me up to get it. Is there anything in the case file from Reynolds' handler? She wrote most of it. The language suggest she's... intelligent, I mean meticulous, and Emotionally attached to Reynolds. You think he was shagging his boss? I can't confirm that from the case file but her feelings for him run deep. - I wonder if he feels the same way. - You think he's trying to protect her? He's protecting someone. That's it. i'm going in. Lightman will be furious that you interfered. I'm gonna go find out what he wants. Then he'll be angry that we didn't take the initiative sooner. If i'm gonna get yelled no matter what, I might as well get in the game. You coming ? Describe the events of this morning. I woke up at 5:15 a.m. I took a shower. I got dressed. Interested in what I did in the john ? Skip ahead to after that. I woke mark up and I took him to his meeting with the U.S. attorney. You skipped some steps there. What happened between waking him up - and taking him out of the safe house ? - The usual. He got ready and we left. Did he brush his teeth? Did he shower ? Talk us through it. I wasn't with him in the bathroom. - You screwed up. - When Mark was in the bathroom, what did you do ? - Who do you tink you are ? I've been decorated 3 times in the line of duty. But you made a mistake this morning. So what was it ? Tell us or your career ends today. We can see to that. I could hear Mark talking in the bathroom and I caught him using the cell phone. He wasn't supposed to have one. And I'm guessing you didn't report it. I tossed it. I didn't think it would compromise our security. Tell us where you ditched the phone. Special agent Radotti ? - <i>I've left you a few messages. - I'm sorry I haven't got </i>back to you. I'm on my way to a briefing on the hill and I'm kind of in a hurry. No problem. I'll walk with you. I really need to talk about agent Reynolds. I can't discuss any of the details of the Greene case. I'm more concerned about why he's refusing to testify. I wish I could help you, but we haven't spoken</i> since he was reassigned, and they didn't even tell me where.</i> You're his only lifeline to the outside world when he was undercover. You must have some insights. I just found out that he's refusing to testify, and it shocked me. It's not like him. He's a model agent. the gold standard. Model agent, gold standard. You're lavishing all sorts of praise on him, but you don't act very concerned. Let me clue you in about what it's like for people to work together undercover. I've counseled agents after they've completed undercover assignments. Then you should understand that there's a very strong bond between Ben and me. I do not want to see him ruined or in prison. Then you should want him to testify. To get in with Greene's organization, Ben was authorized to commit minor crimes to play the role of a criminal. He assaulted people, made threats, used narcotics. I've been there. Even if you're authorized to break the law, it changes you. How did it change Reynolds ? He was authorized to use drugs, not abuse them. and if he testifies, it'll all come out. We have reason to believe someone named scotty is keeping him off the stand. Scotty Villarosa ? Is that someone Reynolds used drugs with? Among other things. When we swept up Greene's crew, We never found scotty. He just disappeared. Got away. We could really use your help</i> back at my office. And Reynolds </i> really needs a friend. Can you come down and talk to him ?</i> Anything for Ben. I'll head over after the briefing. I don't think that they're romantically involved. She cares for him. She paints a pretty ugly picture with her words, so what did you see ? The whole drug thing with Reynolds does it bother you ? Does it unsettle you ? Is it flashback to your ex-husband ? If I'm upset, it's because this just got twice as complicated. Me being married to Alec gave me insight into how addicts can lead double lives. Don't read me. You're supposed to be reading her. Sorry, love. That was Alec, this is Reynolds. who is refusing to testify in order to protect himself. - According to her. - But protect himself from what ? I don't know. Maybe we don't know Reynolds as well as we thought we did. Don't throw your career away like this. All right. Everybody out. Go on. This is my investigation. Go on. Thanks for your help. Oh, don't do that. Don't try it. - I'm on to you. - Really ? You should see how pointless it is for you to keep coming at me like that. You're wrestling with something that you can't live with. - Been there, done that. - Lightman, just stop. I've interrogated more suspects than you. - Oh, you think so ? - I know so and all the mind games. Wrong again. I don't need mind games when I got the truth. The truth ? really ? Enlighten me. You were a cokehead. Prone to mood swings and violence. Foster spoke to your handler. I was doing my job. I hear you liked doing drugs. I hear you liked being a criminal. Bit of a rush, right ? I was getting close enough to Greene to make my case. That's it. No, there's more to it than that. I think you miss those days. That's why you won't testify. You're wrong. I think you're afraid. You're afraid that everyone's Gonna see the coke-snorting whoremonger. You've been trying so hard to bury. You better back off now. Your handler said your time undercover changed you. I don't think you changed at all. I think that's what you really are. - You're afraid everyone's gonna see it. - You want to talk about me? Do you know I read your file too ? Northern ireland. How about we talk about that? - I'm not the one heading off to jail. - Yeah, well, you should be. Some of the crap you were involved in over there. You know... There's still time to step up and be the good boy in all this. It's too late for a change now. It doesn't have to be. What's in the case file ? What was it that surprised you so much ? You helped me out with some serious trouble with my friend terry. I might be able to repay the favor. My office. No cameras. Who's Scotty ? You know, you make one mistake... and any other day it wouldn't even matter. Who is he? You know, people who are supposed to have your back, they just ... They just leave you hanging. Did he betray you? Scotty Vllarosa was another one of Greene's guys. - I worked with him. - Did he threaten you ? He can't ever get to me. You seem pretty certain of that. Why ? Because i killed scotty. Shot him dead. You killed Scotty Villarosa ? I mean, was it self-defense or... He was my first one. I never shot a person before. And you think that he'd just fall back and be dead instantly, But no, he held on. He just stood there, Watching me as he died. Why'd you kill him ? Just wrong place, wrong time, I guess. We were in his apartment. I went to the intercom to buzz Mark and Greene into the building My wire started futzing out, making noises. And I tried to cover it up, I tried to explain to him, but... I was busted. So, Scotty finds your wire, and he pulled his gun on you. Tell me he pulled a gun on you. He had this look on his face, and I knew he had a gun. But I had the drop on him, and I warned his dumb ass and he still tried to... So that was that. I took the wire off my body, put it on Scotty's, made him look like the rat to Greene. I was in after that. Killing Scotty was the best thing that ever happened to me on this case. You've covered this up the whole time ? No. As soon as I got a chance, I called Sheila and I told her everything. She told me to stay on the case and that she would handle it. - And you took her at her word ? - Yes, I did. Because the very next day, she said headquarters signed off on the shooting She even had me sign an incident report. But it's not in the case file now. Don't you understand I'll be discredited as a witness and Greene will walk. You'll get done for murder. Exactly. Now you see why I can't testify. Because either way, I'm screwed. Yeah. yeah, you are. Radotti uses you and you just roll over, and you know let Greene have another go at you? You just give it up without a fuss ? - Excuse me? - You heard me. I mean, it's pathetic. I can't believe i've wasted this much time on you. I mean, you're a baby. What are you, are you some kind of coward or what ? It's about bloody time. I've been waiting for this. I mean, my god, you've still got a bit of fight left in you. So, you're gonna stand up for yourself now, are you? What the hell do you think I've been doing ? I've been looking for a better way out of this and there isn't one. There is. yeah, there is. - Let me have a crack at it. - And why should I trust you ? It's a funny thing, about trust, because it's a matter of faith. I mean, you can never really be sure of it. Right ? Because I killed scotty. Shot him dead. You told me there were no cameras in here. This tape belongs to the fbi, as evidence in an ongoing investigation. All right, so, you watch the screen. Watch the screen. It's gone. I mean... It's gone. If anybody finds that you ever did that, you're going to prison. So now we're in the same boat, aren't we ? So let's start getting creative. - This better be about the case. - Oh, yeah, fortuitously it is. This is Mark McLaughlin's mistress. She is a dancer of the... exotic variety. We're going to bring her and his wife in. An hour before Mark died, he called each of them on the cell phone he wasn't supposed to have. We figured he dropped his location to them and got set up. You're gonna establish a baseline by watching her strangle a pole with her thighs? Well, we're trying to determine if she gets embarrassed when she performs. - We could use that to rattle her. - If you want to rattle her, Interview the mistress and the wife together, let the sparks fly. - We scheduled them to avoid that. - That's very considerate, but wrong. People find it hard to suppress their emotions when they're confronted by the victim of eir deception. Ok. we'll bring them in together. Good. I'm glad to see you pushed ahead on this. I half-expected to return and find you sitting on your thumbs. Damn, lightman. You're not messing around ? Your handler's in the cube and denning's in the lab. All right. - Ready ? - I guess i got no other choice. Let's go have some fun. - What are they doing here? - I'm charging agent Reynolds for every crime he committed while he was on the greene case. I was under orders to commit certain crimes to maintain my cover. Based on the assumption you'd fully cooperate with prosecution. You're not keeping your end of the deal. I don't think your people have been telling the whole truth. Unless you can make him testify, I have no reason to listen to you anymore. What is special agent Radotti doing here? You know how you were wondering why Reynolds won't testify. She's about to tell you. - I'm sorry about the wait, Agt Radotti. - Special agent Radotti. Where's Ben? He's gonna be tied up for a while with the U.S. Attorney. This is some setup you've got here. I came to speak with agent Reynolds, if he's not available, I have a lot of work to do back at HQ. What else can you tell me about Reynolds' drug use while he was undercover? He did his duty. Which... at times, included drug use, so that he could prove himself to some very dangerous people. You seem to think he went above and beyond the call of duty. Ben's a good agent who got caught up in a very bad situation. End of story. Can you tell me about the night Reynolds killed Scotty Villarosa? - Here we go. - <i>What...</i> You killed a man while undercover? You don't know anything about it? There's nothing to know. He never killed anyone. What are they talking about? That was not in the file. Mouth shut, eyes open, counselor. ... said he shot Scotty and then informed you, As required by FBI protocol. Never. You can tell she's lying, right? Look, she spent more time undercover than you. I can't tell a thing yet. Ben got in too deep. He became addicted. I should have pulled him out sooner. Reynolds, you're up. Wait. What are you doing? I'm saving your case. Where did he get that gun? From me. You better start telling the truth right now. Ben, don't make this worse. Let me go. You're not going anywhere until you admit... that I told you about Scotty. Whatever you've done, I can explain the pressure that you were under. When the dust settles, you can have a great career out of the FBI.</i> I'm not making another deal with you. After killing Scotty, I called you. I told you everything. That never happened. Maybe the drugs made you think that had happened.</i> Stop, OK? Stop lying.</i> You wrote up an incident report for the shooting and you had me sign it. No, I didn't. You never called. I didn't know. You told me to stay undercover because the case against Greene was too important to lose. If you had come to me with this, I could have done my job. And then you wouldn't be in the mess that you're in now.</i> I'm sorry. I trusted you. You were all I had. She's good. But reynolds got to her. There are 3 points where the deception leaked. She could have sold the lie to anyone else except him. - What did you get? - Take agent Reynolds into custody, remove that weapon. No, wait. He's telling the truth. We can show you. Take a look at Radotti as she's offering her first denial. Save it. He just confessed to murder. He had to make an appalling decision. Granted, but... Radotti endorsed it. Her lies were aparent when he confronted her From the beginning, agent Reynolds has shown a complete lack of candor. I don't have any choice. If you arrest him, your case is over. My case was over the second Mark McLaughlin died. Reynolds is no good to me without hard evidence That proves Radotti covered up the shooting. I don't even know if that proof exists. It does. We just have to follow. She'll take us there. We're very sorry for your loss. We only have a few questions. Mark had an unauthorized cell phone, and the only people that he called with it were you two. Which one of you is really grieving, and which one of you gave him up to Elliot Greene's people? Interesting. You're both angry. I'm angry. She got Mark killed. Maybe you killed him because he loved me and not your used piece of ass. Shutt your mouth, tramp. How long did you know Mark had a mistress? Long enough to come up with plan to kill him over it? I didn't have him killed. Mrs. McLaughlin, look at Kimi. How do you feel when you see her? Angry. And sad. You feel very hurt. I still loved Mark. It's true, but... you're hiding something. I was gonna divorce him, OK? I talked to a lawyer last tuesday, - 2 weeks ago. - Because of her? I really believed he worked on Wall Street. I didn't know he was a criminal until he was arrested. I couldn't stay married to someone like that. Did you tell him the truth? She isn't the kind of person who'd knowingly stay with a criminal. What kind of person are you, Kimi? I loved Mark. I was gonna spend my life with him. I didn't want him dead. - She's telling the truth, too. - Well, maybe you let it slip somehow. Maybe you wrote it down on a piece of paper and forgot? When I gave Mark his phone, he told me to tell no one. You gave Mark the phone? Back when he was in county, before he cut his deal. You... dumb little bitch. - What? - If someone knew that number, they could locate the phone. They'd know where Mark was. No one knew the number. It was our private phone So she couldn't find out about us. Sometimes he would take... work calls on the phone from Greene. Mark died and it was my fault. You wrote up an incident report for the shooting and you had me sign it.</i> No, I didn't. She's nodding yes while she's saying no. That's not gonna help Reynolds. Did you guys close the case? FBI is working to tie McLaughlin's murder to Greene. All right. Ben, you never called. - I didn't know. - You told me to stay undercover</i> because the case against Greene was too important to lose.</i> If you had come to me with this, I would have done my job</i> and you would not be in the mess that you're in now.</i> I'm sorry. She's lying. Yes, she is. When she denies that she knows anything, she's lying. When she says she's sorry, she means it. She cares about Reynolds, but just not enough to tell the whole truth. We need to up the stakes on her, make it more clear how her actions are affecting Reynolds. How much pull you got with the Justice Department? - It depends, what are you asking for? - I need to call in a favor. I'm gonna take run at her. She's not gonna simply crack under pressure. Under the right kind of pressure, she will. Hey. How you doing? Thank you. Glad I could help. - You have a certain look about you. - Oh, really? - What kind of look? - Like a fox... trying to outrun the hounds. I bet that accent of yours gets you pretty far, doesn't it? You work with what you've got. A beautiful woman... you know the game. Where I work, beauty is not an asset. I'll bet you handle your end of affairs quite nicely. My affairs, yes. Other people's... That's the nightmare. That's the worst. They screw up and then they expect you to fix it. There's just no sense of... accountability or... follow-through, self-reliance. Or loyalty. Buy me another? Sure, love. Excuse me. 2 this time. - I'm Sheila. - I'm Terry. Nice to meet you. - Cheers. - Cheers. To the end of a long day. Thank you. That sounds like a line. - Well, it's a line. - No... I think we've met somewhere before. Tell me you don't work with the Bureau. No. Wall Street. I think you know my boss. He's going to trial in a few days. Get your hands off me. It's a shame. Elliot Greene got caught with his hand in the jar. It's lucky for him he's got friends like us. You have a nice night. Stop! And here I was thinking I'd ruined my chances. What did you mean by "Greene's lucky to have friends like us"? Are you saying you're not a friend of ours? What are you asking me? Any friend of ours won't take the stand against Greene. I can arrest you for threatening to harm a federal agent. Which makes me glad I did no such thing. Don't touch him. I would never. I saw him today. He's not even gonna testify. See, we heard different. He cut a deal about an hour ago, so... [*****] Night, love. I'm not gonna let anything bad happen to Reynolds, so call it off. The wheels are in motion, love. How does 20 years in federal prison sound? Based on your experience with Greene, you think you get me to trial? I'm not afraid to go outside the system to get justice. That's interesting. It sounds like you should be working with us. You don't need to kill Reynolds. I have information that can ensure Greene becomes a free man. Just promise me nothing happens to Ben. You're playing for time, love. You can have Greene's lawyer verify it in a matter of minutes. All right. Let Reynolds testify. Question him about the murder of Scotty Villarosa. Knock it off. Everybody knows he killed Scotty. We told him where to bury the corpse. But I never reported it. There's no record of it in the FBI files. Have Greene's lawyer ask Reynolds about the shooting. He'll be discredited on the stand. He'll look like a rogue agent and the whole case will collapse. You don't need to kill him. Have Greene's lawyer ask Reynolds about the shooting.</i> He'll be discredited on the stand. He'll look like a rogue agent and the whole case will collapse.</i> You don't need to kill him. Anything else you want to add? Among the many other atrocities this monster committed, Elliot Greene held a 12-year-old girl hostage so her CEO father would disclose his quarterly earnings a day early. I'm sorry. What's your point? I made a choice. I see. And where did that choice leave a loyal agent, then? If I had reported the shooting, they would have pulled him off the case and Greene would still be out there. I realized last night though, that I couldn't do anything that would cost you your life, Ben. I'm so sorry. It's a little late for that, isn't it? I should remind you, you have the right to remain silent. I was in charge and I put the case before the interests of one person. Hanging me out to dry wasn't about the case. - It was about advancing your career. - Which has obviously come to an end. If I didn't do what I did, you'd have no case. You should be thanking me. There will be an internal investigation, but you'll be cleared. You'll testify against Greene with our full support. Thank you, sir. - Dr. Lightman. - You're welcome. I could see the... the gratitude. I'll see myself out. Oi! Convict. How'd you get here? I got quite a reputation with the guards. They're terrified of me. Yeah, as they should be. You all right? Yeah, you know, 3 hot meals, comfy bed, nothing to do but read and watch TV. You know, being a protected witness is kind of like being on vacation. But I am ready to get back to work, though. Not long now, eh? Now, officially, you didn't do anything wrong. How you feel about it, that's an entirely different matter. You know, I keep thinking about Scotty's son. His name's Mike. He's... He's about 12 years old now, and... I used to take him to the knicks games sometimes and... he was a good kid. I killed his father. You did. You did. You made your choice. Why didn't you just write me off? I've been cut loose many times, you know, when the truth was inconvenient. There was one person caught me on the way down. That's a true friend. Yeah, she is. You know, they pulled me away so fast, I never got a chance to thank... Shut up. Family doesn't need to stand on ceremony, all right? Court's in session. It's time, agent Reynolds. All right.