Confiteor deo... Faye. Charlie. Dr. Lightman. I'm sorry about Dave and Sue. To lose their son and then die in a car crash. Life is so unfair. Beato Michaeli archangelo, sanctis apostalie Petro et Paolo. It's time. It's about time they killed this monster for what he did to our nephew. Death by injection's too good for this unrepentant son of a bitch. What can I say? Confiteor deo omnipotenti, beatae Mariae semper virgini. You okay? Don't answer that. I'll shut up now. Beatae Mariae semper virgini, beato Michaeli archangelo. I'm an innocent man. Go to hell. The pied piper was a rat catcher who was tricked and didn't get paid. He stole the children of Hamelin so the rich would remember the day.</i> I didn't take little Rex. The pied piper did. I need to talk to the governor. He's telling the truth when he says he didn't take the boy. Is he on the phone? Is that the governor?! - The governor can't speak to you. - He can't or he won't? - I'm good. - Come on. La <i>Lie to team</i> presents: Episode 219: <i>Pied Piper</i> For 2 weeks, this guy makes terrifying phone calls to the family, kidnaps their 8-year-old son and brutally murders him. He deserves to die. Big talk is easy when you're not the executioner. I'm afraid of that? Show me the switch, I'd be happy to throw it. It's gross that he's had 3 hots and a cot for 17 years,</i> but the real issue's that Jason Wilkie randomly chose my nephew.</i> It could have been anyone's son. Putting him to death, that's about ensuring public safety and deterring other crimes.</i> That was Charlie Sheridan, uncle of the murder victim,</i> speaking to us earlier. Jason Wilkie never confessed to the kidnapping</i> and gruesome murder of 8-year-old Rex Sheridan 17 years ago.</i> A last-minute stay of execution could only come from the governor of Virginia.</i> Can't believe Lightman is in there. Why is Lightman in there? It's the first case he worked on that led to a death-penalty conviction. Plus there's the Zoe connection. This just in. Jason Wilkie was just pronounced dead,</i> the 104th person to die by execution in the state of Virginia since 1976. I need the case files for Wilkie trial. The transcripts, the tapes... the lot. Go to city hall. I can't. It'll take too long. You kept copies. I know you did. You made the paper. Look, it's over, Cal. Please. For both our sakes. Look, I saw Wilkie lie dozens of times during his trial, but last night, he was telling the truth. So you're telling me, the woman who prosecuted Wilkie based in large part on your science, - is that you got it wrong? - No, I didn't. When? Last night or 17 years ago? Both. How's that possible? I don't know. That's what I'm trying to figure out. - I didn't do it, I swear. - Do what? I thought you were fighting about me. No, we're not fighting. We were having a work-related discussion. Here you are. So, hey, congrats on making the paper. I thought teenagers didn't read newspapers anymore. They do when their dad goes nuts at an execution. - Don't let it go to your head. - Ready for school? I forgot to tell you I don't need a ride. Hannah's parents just got her a new Prius... Hint, hint... so she's picking me up. Look, I need those files, so, please. I need you to hear something. Now, this is the call that Rex Sheridan's parents received 17 years ago just days before he was kidnapped. Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water Jack fell down, broke his crown and Jill came tumbling after I'm gonna get you. Ready or not, here I come. Now get this. You know Faye and Charlie Sheridan, the aunt and uncle of that same little boy that got murdered? Mrs. Sheridan came back home after taking the kids to school this morning, found this message on their answering machine. Ring around the Rosie pocket full of posies ashes, ashes, we all fall down I'm gonna get you. Ready or not, here I come. My God. Maybe some clown is just playin' silly buggers, after watching Wilkie on tv all week. Look at the sound wave analysis. VOICEPRINT MATCH This is new FBI software. Each voice has features as unique as fingerprints. The two callers are identical, 17 years apart. This's no copycat. Jason Wilkie could have made this recording before he was arrested? If the governor had taken my phone call, we'd know for sure, wouldn't we? Doesn't it prove it wasn't Jason Wilkie? Did we help execute an innocent man? I could do this alone if you'd prefer. You think I got the wrong person 17 years ago. Don't you? I think you could have made a mistake. So do you. Zoe was a young prosecutor eager to get a conviction, and you wanted to help her. - You still do. - Do you charge by the hour for this? Classic. Deflection. Classic Cal Lightman. No, look. I saw - a man executed last night. - Go on. I saw something on his face I'd never seen before. What did you see then? I don't really know what it was. But you need to follow it to the ends of the earth, no matter what, knowing you. All right. Come on, then. Have you reached your children? Abby and Brady are upstairs. Our oldest son, Oliver, is driving back to college in Baltimore. We haven't been able to reach him yet, but the FBI is waiting for him there. My God. Brady just turned 8. Rex was 8 when he was abducted. Vinyl, still the best? It's brilliant. It's the best. The heavy metal piece, that's fantastic there. What are you doing? I thought you might have had a safe. That sign means a lot to us. Really? The home fed diner is the first property my father purchased. No offense intended. So where's the tape? What tape? The one that you used to fake the voice mail you just got, one from 17 years ago, the creepy nursery rhyme tape. That one. Where is it? You think we faked that message? Alphabetized books. That's a red flag if ever I saw one. Wait a minute! You got a little quiet all of a sudden, for someone who's got such a loud mouth. You can't come in here and... That message that you claim you got, a hoax. You've been on tv for years. You've made a career out of getting Jason Wilkie executed. Now he's been done, hasn't he? So how are you gonna maintain your victim status? What's wrong with you? First Wilkie did it. Then he didn't. Now this? Either you enjoy inflicting emotional pain, or you're a complete fraud. You're right. Sorry. I'm sorry about the books, but sometimes you have to use a pickax to get at the truth, you know? You may work with the FBI, but I want you out of my house. I understand completely. The FBI initially had 4 other suspects besides Jason Wilkie... A school bus driver, a homeless man, a phone company repairman, and a supervisor. They never pinpointed the actual source of the calls. - Couldn't trace 'em for some reason. - Does Lightman seem weird to you? He's rude, impatient, distant. - He seems pretty normal to me. - Yeah, but isn't that weird? He may have helped execute an innocent, and he has no emotional reaction. Doesn't that make him a sociopath? Or it's just a mask. Where is he? I know he's here. Dr. Lightman's at a meeting across town. Can I help you, Mr. Wilkie? Dr. Lightman lied back when he said Jason committed that crime. You turned Jason in to the authorities. Because I thought he might be involved somehow. Dr. Lightman is the one who said he was sure. He's the one who convinced the jury to put my brother on death row. The facts of this case have not changed. The calls are happening again. I saw it on the news. The real killer is still alive, and Jason is dead now, and... What have I done? Sir, why don't we go sit down? No. Listen. You tell Lightman that I am suing his ass and the state of Virginia in the wrongful death of my brother. Faye we got this whole system set up so when your home phone rings, it'll ring here as well. Which will keep me out of your hair. If another call comes in, don't panic, OK? Just stick with the script that Dr. Foster's wrote out for you. Let's rehearse again. Is that him? Hello. Mrs. Sheridan, it's Noah Benson. It's my son's roommate. Noah, is everything all right? An FBI agent is here looking for Oliver.</i> He's still not here yet, and no one knows where he is.</i> So Oliver was auditioning for the men of Fincher college calendar. We found a schedule on his computer. He had an appointment with a photographer this afternoon, which may have been the last person to have seen him. What aren't you telling me, Ben? There's people at headquarters that don't think you should be involved in this case. Why? Because it's too personal? Or, because they think I've lost my marbles? Or that I've already made a mistake and got an innocent man executed? - They didn't say that. - But you did. - Right there. - I'm not the enemy here. - Really? - Really. Prove it. Oliver Sheridan was here for about 30 minutes. - Do you have any idea where he went? - None. See, I was expecting lads in varsity jackets, - not meat and 2 veg. - Yeah, well, that's what sells. Yeah. Fair enough. So where's your pictures of Oliver, then? It's on the second shelf. Red folder. I'm on a deadline here. Right. No. No, no, no. He's dressed like an eskimo here. Where's your calendar pics? Just 'cause a guy is good-looking doesn't mean camera's gonna love him. So how did he handle this rejection, then? He was disappointed, but he took it well. You can't open that without a search warrant. Really? I tell you what. If you're not ashamed of anything in there, you can call the cops. Yeah. - Didn't think so. - Just stop him. - What do you got there? - "Young beach studs." "Fraternity fun." - "21 and hot." - It's research. All right, I win. You owe me 10 bucks. See, whenever anyone says, uh, "it's for research," I win. If they say, "that's not mine," then he wins, so cough up. - There you go. - Thank you. I think that this calendar thing, I think it's just an excuse for you to get young men naked in your apartment. - I run a business. - Really? What's the matter with your leg? - What? - You heard me. Nothing. Jeez! God! Liar. Let's look at it. I fell. See, I think you got fresh with Oliver. He rejected you. You got angry... And violent. So what happened? Did you kill him? He's the one who got violent. I rubbed his shoulder, and he hit me with a golf club and left. Do you know where he was going? That's a no. Come on. You're fishing for a job. Why, because Jack Rader's made it clear that he appreciates my research, that I'm welcome there, and I have the most leverage with him now? Let's face it. This ship is sinking. So the rats flee. News of Lightman's mistake is already out there, and once this lawsuit is filed, this company is finished. Even if we win, it'll be too late. Lightman's reputation'll be destroyed. Ours'll be damaged alongside it. What about... what about loyalty? The way Lightman insults me on a daily basis, blind loyalty would just be self-loathing. And the best time to look for a job is when you already have one. I need you to pull up Jason Wilkie's final words. The pied piper was a rat catcher who was tricked and didn't get paid. He stole the children of Hamelin so the rich would remember the day. I didn't take little Rex. The pied piper did. There are theories that the pied piper is the symbol of death, that the fairy tale was concocted to explain the tragedy where children died. Any news about Oliver Sheridan? He's unaccounted for, but that doesn't definitely mean he's been kidnapped. You don't believe that. Do you expect us to just share this delusion that Lightman is infallible? That Wilkie might not have been innocent? Without Lightman, you'd be in some university basement doing research, and you'd still be a glorified baggage handler. Maybe instead of polishing up your resumes, you want to think about what you can do to help Lightman. Zoe, Cal's not here. Actually, I came to talk to you. I'm worried about Cal. He seems to be handling things in his own unique way. He won't even speak to me about the case. He won't even return my phone calls. I was hoping you could talk to him, Gillian. You were the only one who could always get through. That's funny. I always thought that about you. The truth is there's probably only one person that can reach him. I can fly over the moon. I can fly over the moon, OK? I can swim under the sea. The only one I tell my secrets to is Beth. My poodle. Right. - What's going on? - Nothing. So Foster sent you over here to check on me, did she? Yeah. Her and mom. You tell them I'm fine. Actually, I need to talk to you about mom. She's been acting depressed lately, just different. Well... She is. But she's a strong woman. She'll get through it. I know what's going on, that it has to do with that Wilkie guy who was executed. Yeah. She thinks we might have made a mistake, he might be innocent. Well, was he? I don't know. We can rule out the homeless man and the phone repairman based on the old videos, but we're still looking at the school bus driver and the phone company supervisor. The problem with these suspects is lack of motive. Whoever did this is probably a raving lunatic anyway, so... I found something in Wilkie's old interview, right? He's trying to sound crazy because he's trying to get off on an insanity plea, but when he says he only tells his secrets to his poodle, Beth, he's not faking it. He had an ex-girlfriend. Her name was Beth Lansford. I think maybe he tells his secrets to her. Beth's the key. Any idea where she is? I spoke to her mum. She signed into a psychiatric hospital 2 days ago, which is a bit of a coincidence! Let me give it to you straight, 'cause you don't seem to get it. Nobody cares about Wilkie's dog or his ex-girlfriend. - Excuse me? - You're off this case, and this comes from the top. That's the Sheridan home phone. You might wanna get that. Hello. What's green and red and goes really fast?</i> Frog in a blender. A frog in a blender. You have a really beautiful voice. You remind me of my son Oliver when he was a little boy.</i> He loves riddles, too, and baseball and ice cream. Good. She keeps humanizing the victim. What's your name? Do you wanna know where Oliver is? I do. Yes, I do. I miss him very much. Then tell me how you play the game bloody murder.</i> You get in a circle with everyone, and then you...</i> That's wrong. Damn it. The call's coming up as if it's coming from 300 cell phone numbers in Virginia. We'll never get a trace. - I'm gonna see Beth. - Go home, Lightman. I'm serious. You try anything related to this case, and FBI will drop the Lightman group. And quite frankly, you're starting to sound a little insane. - Really? - Really. I was hoping you'd say that. He's a bully, and he's a racist. And just 'cause he's in the FBI doesn't make him a God. Besides, they're telling me to do him in, so... - The voices? - What, you can't hear 'em? And they're actually telling you to kill him? Under a bus or, you know, just shoot him. Whatever. - Do you own a gun? - I do. Course I do. It's my right. Second amendment. And what's this FBI agent's name? Why? What, you gonna warn him, are you? Look, the point is that I'm the victim here. He's walking around. He's telling everyone I'm a psycho. When he's the one that's driving me crazy. Look, just calm down. I'm dealing with it, all right? I would like you to... stay with us for a while, Mr. Stein. I came to get those little white pills, the ones that help you sleep. I'm afraid I have to hold you for 72 hours for being a danger to others. Can I have jello? No cheekin' your meds, Beth. Let me see you swallow 'em. Good. Thank you. - All right, Professor. - Morning, Mr. Stein. Steen. Steen. What do you got? Cheer up, Ralph. It's a cheery place, this, isn't it? Laugh a minute. What are you in for? No, don't tell me. Let me guess. OCD? Panic attacks? Agoraphobia. Nymphomania. I am suicidal. Now leave me alone. Suicide. I know a thing or two about suicide... from, you know, an intimate perspective, you might say. Mind if I join you? Did you know Jason Wilkie named his poodle after you? Who the hell are you? Me? I'm just another nut case lookin' for answers, love. - Nurse. - No, you don't wanna do that. If you call for help, I will bust your little game. Game? You're not suicidal. You're not even depressed. What you are is scared. You're scared for your life. That's why you're hidin' out in here. You don't know what you're talking about. I do. You're in the paranoid chair. It's the best seat in the house, really, 'cause no one can sneak up on you. See, depressives, they retreat into themselves, but you, you're watchin' everybody. - What's your point? - My point is that you checked in here the day that Wilkie was executed. Right? Nothin'? Really? What, you all right now? Nurse! - Nurse, I've got something to tell you. - No, it's o... I'll tell you what you wanna know. Can I trouble you for a latte? That's a bit rude, isn't it? You were sayin'? A couple of days ago, I got a call from an old friend of Jason's. He said he was watching me, that people might ask questions. He said if I said anything about him and Jason, he would hunt me down and kill me. Who was he? I don't know his real name. Jason called him... What? What'd he call him? The pied piper. The pied piper. How did Jason know him, this pied piper character? He said that they met as kids when they were at some summer music camp. Now, look, I just... I had one lager too many last night. I've called my friend. We're all square, so I'm ready to be released. And what about the voices telling you to kill him? What voices? Nah, that was just the beer talking. - You don't believe me, do you? - Well, Mr. Stein... Steen. This is what we call a flight to recovery. It's always short-lived. Look, doctor, I do not have a mental illness. - Terrific. - Truly. If you still don't have one in two days, you'll be discharged. It was worth a try. So we found Oliver's car in a ditch off route 4. Looks like somebody may have run him off the road. We found this nearby. That's Oliver's favorite jacket. Come on. Hello. What feeds on human blood 5 times a day?</i> I don't know. Why don't you tell me? Lice. What insects fly alone in the dark? Do you give up? Locusts. Please, where's Oliver? I know, but you don't. What makes you think I can break this hold? You're the lawyer. You tell me. You got into this mess by threatening violence. You could have always checked in voluntarily. No, I needed to be on the locked ward so I could talk to Beth. When she mentioned the pied piper, she was talking about a real person, so I need to get out. You could call Foster and Reynolds. They could always handle it. I already used up my phone privilege when I called you. So are you gonna help me or what? Though I find it fascinating you feel like I'm the only one you can call, and yet we can't even have a real adult conversation. Right. What do you wanna know? Why don't you try telling me how you really feel? All right. I'm... I'm upset, and I'm scared, and I'm really, really, really rattled. I give up. You actually want me to try to convince the doctor that you're not insane? It's worth a shot, right? Locust and darkness. None of this is random. He has a plan. Also, he got angry when Faye didn't know the rules to bloody murder. He's controlling and very detail-oriented. It's the 10 plagues. Frogs, lice, locusts, blood, darkness. And the death of firstborn sons. Rex was the eldest. So is Oliver. Everybody, give us 5 minutes, please? Come on. Let's go. You know, speaking of lunatics, when I said you sounded insane, I didn't mean for you to go check into a psych ward. - I know. - You went to see Wilkie's exgirlfriend. I couldn't resist it. It turns out... Wilkie's not workin' on his own. All right, the pied piper is a nickname for a real person. They went to music camp together. In the fairy tale, the pied piper plays some sort of flute or clarinet. Maybe that's what he played at music camp. You know, whoever it is, he's got all the answers. You do know... that I'm not gonna just walk away from this. So tell the bureau to fire me... and to find another Lightman group. - Good luck on that, by the way. - Just be right this time. I'll do my level best. You okay? Yeah, I'm fantastic. I'm here if you need me. You know that, right? Right. I know that, love. Hello. So mom has some pictures laid out from the Wilkie trial, a few months after you guys met. She's looking a little rounder than usual. And? And we've never really discussed it before, but I'm pretty good at math. Your point being? I was born 7 1/2 months after you guys married. Would you believe... that you were premature? At 8 pounds, 8 ounces? No, your mum was pregnant when I married her. But you couldn't have just come out and told me that? No, we didn't want to celebrate our mistakes, have you go on and copy 'em. - So I was a mistake? - Course not. So how'd it happen? Were you drunk? Was it just a one-night stand? Did you even go on a date first? Yes, no, and yes. What's the matter, em? Did you only marry mom because you got her pregnant? No. No, of course not. I'm not that much of a gentleman. No, be serious. I wanna know if I'm the reason you guys spent 14 miserable years together. Look, I married your mum... because I loved her. Then you comin' along just helped me pull the trigger. Plus they were by no means 14 miserable years. So... I didn't, like, ruin your life or something like that? No, you were the best news I ever got. Still are. - So you were drunk. - Yeah. - It wasn't a one-night stand. - No. - And you were dating. - Yeah. I married your mum 'cause I loved her. If I had to do it all over again... No, I take that back. Studies show that the strongest deterrent to a lawsuit is familiarity, a personal relationship. So I figure I establish a rapport with Kevin. It'll be much harder for him to sue knowing it'll affect my livelihood. Well, I'm goin' with you, if this works, I'm not letting you take all the credit for saving Lightman. And if it doesn't work? Then it's all your fault, I'm gonna call the Rader firm and set up an interview. So, anyway, we just wanted to come by and see how you were doing. Last time we saw you, you were pretty upset, understandably, so... and, uh... We... Well, we brought you some pastries. I know firsthand what stress can do. It can... You call what I've been going through just stress? Dr. Lightman tried to stop the execution. He's devoted himself to the case. He's close to find if someone elsehad been involved. That doesn't change the fact that Jason is dead because your boss made a mistake. Let's cut to the chase. Why are you here? Convince me not to sue Lightman. I know this might seem pretty weird, but, if there's anything you need... Or if you just wanna talk or something, that's my number. It was really nice getting to know you. Thank you. No one can even look me in the eye these days, so I appreciate it. Maybe I'll hold off on suing Lightman till I learn what he finds. I did not hurt that little boy. You want me to confess, but I won't. I did not hurt that little boy. You want me to confess, but I won't. Do you know who the first liar in the world was?</i> The devil. - In the bible, he's the father of lies. - <i>Is Zoe a lawyer or a liar?</i> Nah, if we're playin' 20 questions here, I think it's my turn. What's your deal with eldest sons? Do you know where your daughter is? Can she come out and play? Dial by name. Emily. Emily. - Emily. - <i>Hey, Cal, it's me.</i> Emily left her phone. She went to see you.</i> She left my place about an hour ago. We got a problem. Hannah said she never picked up Emily. Tell me exactly what happened. I got a call on my private line, asking me if I knew where Emily was. Was that him? What did he say? Cal Lightman, calling for Agent Reynolds. Well find him. - Tell him it's an emergency. - What did he say? The FBI will start a search. We should just cool. Emily's friends... I told you Haley was picking me up. We just went to get something to eat. You said Hannah. No, I said Haley. First there are the phone calls. Then, he takes your child. That's the pattern. Let's go through all this stuff again. What's in that box? Photos that Wilkie's mother gave me during the trial to prove that Jason was a good boy. Rex was kept alive for 3 days. - News clippings aren't relevant. - All is relevant. A killer is after our daughter, the only way to keep her safe is to catch him. You don't decide what's relevant or not. That's precisely what the killer wants, to panic us into stopping our search. The best way that we can end this is to find him. I just wanna keep her safe. Well, the FBI's parked right outside. I can't take any more. You can do this. Those photographs from Wilkie's mum, are they from when he was a kid? Well, the Pied Piper and Jason knew each other when they were kids, so there might be something there. Kevin's the youngest, right? Look at the body language. He's clearly in control. He's dominant. The other 2, older 2, they adore him. And who's the older one? William. Wilkie's mother said that her oldest son died of pneumonia when he was a kid. Oh, my God. It's Kevin. With a clarinet. Kevin is the pied piper, right? He made the phone calls. He kidnapped Rex, but he had Jason kill him. - They were partners. - Why? It was revenge for the death of their eldest brother, William. William came down with pneumonia after their father lost his job at the diner. The diner was torn down by the Sheridan company, - their first development deal. - The family was worried about money, they didn't take him to the hospital. He died after 3 days. So they blamed the Sheridan family enough to kill Rex? And after Jason was executed, Kevin had to take revenge again. We found Kevin's car. He's long gone, and there's no sign of Oliver at his house. We must have tipped him off. We told him Lightman was close to finding the culprit. If his M.O. is to kill the victim on the 3d day, Oliver could be dead already. All right, hit the lights. Well, the GPS on Kevin's car shows us he was here 3 days ago. He was chief engineer on this project before it was shut down a month ago. All right, everybody. Keep your eye and your ears open. Let's fan out. You hear that? There's someone in there. Give me something to open this thing up with. Come on! Ah, damn it! I hate rats. Pritchard, you stay with Lightman. You three, come with me. Let's check upstairs. This doesn't belong here. Yeah, hold this. Oliver, can you hear me? Hold it right there. Don't move. Cal, you OK? - Yeah, he's in the wall. - Let me see your hands. - Check on Oliver. - We got an agent down. Right on it. Mr. Sheridan, I owe you an apology. Sorry about being such an ass. Forget it. And thank you for everything. Pleasure. You're bleedin'. You don't wanna go to the hospital? Nah, these guys are gonna patch me up. How about, uh, Wilkie? We found equipment he used to make the calls. - He's not talkin' yet, but he's stable. - Stable? He's an animal. If I had my way, he wouldn't be talking at all. Good stuff. Beato Michaeli archangelo, beato Ioanni... Turn that off. - Are you OK? - Peachy. I got hold of Jason Wilkie's footage just before his execution. His final prayer was in Latin. It was a confession of sins. Maybe it was his way of taking the blame for... for killing Rex Sheridan. Well, I'd like to think this is over, but, I've been wrong before, so... - We never doubted you, Cal. - Really? - Not for a second. - Really? - I had your back. - Oh, yeah? Well, I had an exit plan, too. Yeah. Jack Rader. I'd have done the same thing. Pays better. Ooh, sorry. You're enjoying this. No, I'm doing nothing of the sort. I'm like Florence Nightingale. You could make your life a lot easier if you admit that you need people. You don't have to be such a lone wolf. Aw, do me a favor. With you two and Foster and the rest of the group, - it's a 3-ring bloody circus. - You know what I mean. Let the record reflect that Zoe Landau is correct. - You happy now? - Ecstatic. OK, don't move. Don't move. You're all set. - Really? - Yeah. Let's go get something to eat. Hey, I'm sorry you guys thought I was missing earlier. I thought of a perfect solution to make sure that never happens again. Oh, yeah? Let's hear it. Buy me a car. I mean, think about it. You'll never have to get confused about who's picking me up. - That's clever, that is. - She gets her craftiness from you.