I'm your man. That makes Dr. Lightman very special. So, since you dragged me away from my work, who can tell me what a lie is? When my mom tells my dad he's not getting a big belly? Yeah. Right. We learn to lie from grown-ups. They think you don't notice, but you do. Most of the time lying is bad, Even if you're doing it for a good reason. life's easier if you learn to tell the truth. Lightman is miserable. What strings did you pull to get him to do this? I had Emily ask. She tutors a couple of the kids. Thought I could turn our class problem into a teachable moment. That'd be a help. So, even if you're just thinking of not telling me the truth, I'll warn you. It's pretty hard to keep a lie from me. Go on. Go on, I dare you. Clyde the turtle. Which one of you stole Clyde the turtle from miss Angela's classroom? Eh? No takers? All of you are innocent, are you? We need to talk. Boys and girls, meet FBI agent Benjamin Reynolds. Oh, hey, kids, how ya doing? - Hi. - Hi, agent Ben. We need to talk. Foster's waiting. You, too. Come on. All right. Oh, and by the way, whoever it is that stole Clyde the turtle, the turtle's... they like lettuce, Or is that tortoises? I'm gonna work on that one. Take a look at this screen. This guy parked in front of the treasury department. That's like two blocks from here. - How long's he been there? - Little under 15 minutes. Anybody consider this might be a peaceful protest? A crazy farmer named Harold Clark Is driving up to Washington, D.C. To blow you federal folks up.</i> He's got his tractor and trailer packed with enough explosives</i> to blow up the whole town. So not a peaceful protest then? - Who's the caller? - We don't know yet. Call was relayed, but the subscriber didn't convey. We're waiting to retrieve it. Is there anything else? - The fact that he actually has a bomb? - That's what we need you all for. So the question is, is the threat real or is it a hoax? - We need to get these kids out. - We're not doing that. Protocol is anyone within the bomb radius stays inside, away from exterior windows. In situations like these, more people are killed By flying glass than the blast itself. Plus, this guy, may be waiting for people to evacuate just so he can trigger it. So, everyone, including those kids, is staying right here until we can figure this thing out. I was hoping you were going to say that. Truthworteam Arcadya global team 2x10 - Tractor man I've got us tapped into the bureau's cameras. Tight as you can. Tighter. All right. Come on, come on. So, what do we know? It's like the caller said, the guy's name is Harold Clark. He has... well, he had a family farm right outside Fredericksburg, Virginia. - But it's now in foreclosure. - He definitely seems agitated. No, he's anxious. which I might be if the President didn't take my call. You know that's not gonna happen. No, what I'm saying is I'm not seeing mad bomber anxiety here. Do you have agents going on to this guy's farm? - Yeah, from richmond. - Where's Torres? Do you think she's ready to handle this? No, but we seem to be under lockdown, I will lower the bar. Where is she? Helping set up her cousin's Quinceanera. Ah. Well, hold the cake. Let's send her down to the farmhouse. Let's see what his family thinks of this little field trip. - What about the kids? - I'm all over it. OK, you guys, let's go. Quietly. Wait. Come here, you. Hand it over. Yeah. Nice try, son. That's how I got it. We need you all in the conference room. - Why? - Because it's awesome. Come on. Go after him. Go on. Let's go. - Is something wrong? - We have a bit of a situation. We just need you all away from... any windows. Hey, 8 third-graders in a room with no toys and no puppies? It's going to be chaos. Speaking of puppies, you like kids, don't you? Boys and girls, this is crazy uncle Loker. He's going to be continuing our education on lying. - For how long? - As long as it takes. Torres is on road. This is my boss, Asac Steele. Dr Cal Lightman. Bill Steele. Thanks for letting us set up here. All right, my office, my science you're obviously after. It's under my command. OK? Where are we doing this? I have some information you need to hear. All right. Optical chemical sensors are picking up traces of ammonium nitrates and diesel fuel from the trailer. Aren't those pretty standard farmyard smells? Yes, but he could also have an ANFO bomb big enough to take out several blocks of downtown D.C. Collateral damage-wise there's a pretty strong case here for death by sniper, wouldn't you say? I mean, you only need to be 30% sure he's got a bomb, then just kill him, taking one human life By saving thousands of others... Including those kids in there. You're the expert. That's the call you're going to have to make. What? Do I look like an FBI puppet to you? Your offices, your command, you're the one who said that. Yeah, I did say that. All right. No, thanks. Come on, look, look, look. My boss is a really good guy, But not equipped to figure this thing out the you are. We need to know. Does that guy have a bomb in a trailer or not? All right. if I'm going to do this, I'll need to deal with him personally, - can you put me through? - We have our own negotiators. Bombers have a messiah complex so... Avoid discussion of the bomber's present crisis, in order to prevent him from exercising his god-like power to destroy and kill... Yeah. I wrote that bit in the manual. Is that true? Well, when you're ready... All right. Hello. Harold, I'm cal Lightman. Do you have the president with you? Not right now, But I'm calling at his request. Call me back when you got him. What do I know? - Yes? - Mary Clark? Who are you? May we come inside, ma'am? My friends are here. Oh, this won't take long. We are live outside the treasury department annex</i> In northwest Washington, D.C. Where a disgruntled...</i> Has Harold ever talked about taking action against the government? - Mrs. Clark? - He complained, you know, like everyone else about taxes and the economy. I can't believe he's up there in damn D.C. with his tractor. You did not know that he was going to go do this? He talked about, um... Maybe going up there with a megaphone... And calling out them bastards in the treasury department, but not this. It sounds like Harold's pretty angry. You're damn right he's pissed. They took his family farm. Three generations, they had it. Ma'am, it's not a huge leap from anger to violence. Does he have a bomb in that trailer? You listen to me. Harold and I have been together since sophomore year in high school. I know this man. He would never hurt anyone. You didn't answer. No, he doesn't have a damn bomb. He just... He just wants to talk to the President. You don't believe that. Otherwise, you wouldn't have fear all over your face. I'm not afraid of what he's going to do. I'm afraid of what you all are going to do to him. So, unless you have a search warrant to be here, I'd really like it if you'd leave my home. - I can get a warrant in 10 minutes. - Then get it. Reading emotions helps us discover lies. Who wants to tell me what emotion this person is feeling? This one and that one. Contempt. I don't think they know what that is. Is this really science? It seems dumb. We were supposed to leave half an hour ago. - Why are we still here? - Now's when we have music class. - Isn't this better than music class? - No. Dr. Cal! They want to know why they're here Instead of music class, as usual. It's my fault. I told your bus driver to pick up friends at the airport. And the plane was late, so he's stuck there, waiting for them. Sorry. Are you allowed to do that? I got permission from your principal. You know, someone in here is definitely lying about Clyde the turtle. I can smell it. Loker, get your guitar, entertain the troops. Oh, it's Torres. Hey. I spoke to Harold's wife. She's definitely hiding something. - Did you ask her about the bomb? - She doesn't believe he has one. Who ever heard of a husband keeping secrets from his wife? The only thing I know for sure is she doesn't believe he's violent. Well, keep after it, all right? Hello? Harold, I've got a question. Call me when you're ready to let me speak with the President. he wants to know about what. Is it global warming? Death penalty? What? I want to talk about our tax money being sent overseas or bailing out banks, but letting our farmers choke on their own crops. Somebody's got to stand up. All right. I'll pass that on. In the meantime, could you answer a question for me? What is it? All right. What kind of bomb are we talking about? What? There's a rumor that you're sitting on a bomb. Is this you trying to change the subject? No, we spoke to your wife. She was a little off. I want the President. Let me replay that. What? When you asked him if he had a bomb, the left side of his lip tightened. It's contempt. - He's being deceptive. - So you're giving us the green light. What is it with you? Why is it always red or green? You want me to do what? Pull the trigger? Wait, let me explain something to you. I'm trying to save innocent lives, your included. All right? There are no easy choices here. So let's all act like grownups, make the hard choices, and salvage what we can. Right, well, what I'm telling you is that he's being deceptive, in his denial of having a bomb. I don't know yet what that means exactly. It's good for me. Do it and I'll prep the snipers. So once you're in place, concealed, and on target, sound off. Let's follow all protocols on this. No happy triggers. Roger that, sir. Do you guys have to do this in the lobby? We've got kids we've managed to keep in the dark so far. Until I give the word, you are not authorized to shoot Unless someone's in danger. You got that? - We'll be waiting for green light. - Then get going. Yes, sir! A little mood lighting? The ballasts on the fluorescent lights interferes with our video and encrypted radio communications. All right, we're good to go. Now you've got some semblance of a rapport with harold. Keep him distracted while the snipers move in, OK? Oh, that's nice. Remind me to renegotiate my contract with you. - We appreciate what you're doing, doc. - Yes, I know you do. - <i>Hello?</i> - Harold. Me again. I spoke with the president's office. - <i>When can I talk to him?</i> - You need to promise me, that no one's gonna get hurt. I don't want anybody to get hurt. That was genuine. So I'll work with that or I'm done here? I believe you when you say that, But I don't think you're telling me the whole truth about the bomb. Quit stalling. Did you tell the president what I wanted to talk about? Yeah, I did. I told him. But he wants to know what it is that you want him to do. I'll tell him on the phone. Is your wife involved in this? No, no, this is all me. Quit playing games.</i> Right. OK. Seats for, we're going to have a concert. How dangerous is it out there? How dangerous is it in here? I don't know. But I trus Lightman, and it's my job to keep these kids from freaking out. What if their teacher is freaked out? Well, I'll help her, too. But you've got to help me with them first, OK? Who knows the words to "puff, the magic dragon"? My mom said that song's about illegal drugs. I don't think that's ever been definitively proven. - Sniper teams moving in position. - All right. Copy that. You can go ahead and try engage him. We're ready. You have the president? All right Harold, a little reality check here. Your situation is veering from bad to worse by the minute. I'm getting cold, and I'm getting angry. I don't want to talk to you anymore.</i> Well, that's unfortunate, because I'm the only person here who has any desire to talk to you. I just want to talk to the president.</i> Let's start with the truth then. What kind of bomb are we talking about? The bomb is rigged. - How? - <i>It just is, OK?</i> If you do anything to me, you try to hurt me, the bomb goes off.</i> And if I don't speak directly to the president before the sun goes down, the bomb goes off! Look, man, all that can be avoided if you just have the president call me.</i> - Is he telling the truth? - Yeah. Yeah, I believe he is. But he's also showing fear. It's the kind of fear that you get when someone's got a gun to your head. Believe me, I've seen that. You know what, zoom into that tractor seat. Go ahead. Yeah. Lower. Lower, lower, keep going, keep going. Keep going. Right ther! Oh, god. We didn't see it before because his jacket was in the way.</i> Sniper one to base. Sniper teams in position. We're waiting for green light. Just hold your position, sniper team. You are not cleared to fire. Stand down. Sniper one is clear. Standing down. If this guy has a detonator switch on his seat and if we fire, that might detonate the bomb. Let's use an LVB water disrupter. Is that what I think it is? It's a bomb we bring in to kill his bomb. Oh, this is just getting better and better. I found something on the 911 call you should hear. There's a crazy farmer named Harold Clark driving up to Washington D.C.</i> to blow you federal folks up. One more time. There's a crazy farmer named Harold Clark driving up to Washington D.C.</i> to blow you federal folks up. All right, just that last little bit. Blow you federal folks up. - Do you hear it? - Yeah, he's smiling. - What? - The inflection of his voice changes cause smile changes sound of your voice by shortening the voice resonance chamber. He's smiling as he says "blow you federal folks up." Wait, you can tell someone's smiling by listening to him? You can't. We can. He know something you don't and he's laughing at you. - So what is this, a practical joke? - No, I think he's telling the truth. He finds some kind of sick humor in this. - He may be connected to this. - Yeah. Harold is not working on his own. We need to find this guy quick. All right, yeah. - Good, we're running out of time - No, I get it, I do. You're looking for someone to blame in case this thing goes south. That's why you set up your command center in my office, effectively putting my finger on the trigger. What do you say we make sure before you go ahead and kill him? Are you done? Cause constitutionally speaking, you don't have to be right to use deadly force, we just have to be reasonably sure. And in a world full of bombs and lunatics, sometimes there's no room for scientific certainty. You're so scared of making huge mistake, you're prepared to make a smaller, yet potentially still tragic one. You want this to end peacefully? Give me proof and allow me to do that. The 911 caller was just id'd as Ron Jackson. White male, 38, lives near Harold in Virginia. Boss, we've got time. We should get Torres and one of your agents over there right now. In this situation stalling and not making a decision is same thing as making one. I want to be certain of the truth when I make my decision. You better make it soon The clock is ticking on that bomb. Bomb? What bomb? He had to go to the bathroom. You're a big kid, right? You're not going to turn into one of them whiny little cry babies, are you? All right. Here's the truth, Not far from here there's a man who says he's got a bomb. He's trying to get some people's attention. Now, maybe he has and maybe he's lying. But, in the meantime, you and your mates, You're going to stay here, just to be on the safe side. You got it? All right. Now, it's my job to find out what's what, with this maybe / maybe-not bomb type thing. And I'm excellent at my job, just ask Loker here. And it's your job to be a top-notch third-grader. You up for it? Huh? You up for keeping this a secret from your mates So that they don't get all, scaredy cat on you? Good. All right. Go pee then. Excuse me. - What can I do for you? - I'm looking for Ron Jackson. Is he your husband? - Don't remind me. - Wait, ma'am. FBI. Where is he, ma'am? We need to talk to him. Sorry, I thought you all were bill collectors. Where's your husband, ma'am? Honestly, I got no idea. What's he done now? You know Harold Clark? Yeah. I guess everyone knows Harold now. - How do you know him? - Him and Ron run a farmers' co-op. They mostly get together, drink, and bitch about things. All right if we take a look around, ma'am? Yeah, we ain't got nothin' to hide. Blasting caps for bombs. All right, look, just hear me out, OK? Maybe Jackson was an accomplice, but he got cold feet, decided to call 911, and give up the whole plot. That doesn't explain the smile behind his voice. - What is that? - Oh, that. That's how these boys plan to win this. - It doesn't look like much, but! - Here's the deal, OK? We're going to place that container of water near Harold's bomb. There's a large quantity of C4 in the middle of the container, which we will then detonate, sending the water out at 72 million psi. It will disrupt harold's bomb before it can explode. - And Harold's birdfeed. - He won't even know what hit him. Oh, this is gonna be fun. What is that thing coming towards me? It's an X-ray machine, we needed to map the bomb so we can figure out a safe evacuation plan. Tell me about Ron Jackson. You know about ron? Better still, tell me how to disable the bomb so nobody gets hurt. I don't, I don't know how to stop it. It's not my bomb. Whose is it? Is it jackson's? Is he pulling the strings? I shouldn't even be talking to you. He'll kill her if I tell you guys anything. Kill who? Look, you might as well tell me. It's just us on the phone, all right? I mean... You're already in a very bad spot. You do know that, don't you? They have someone in my house with my wife. They're going to kill her if I don't go through with this. I don't know what else to do. He's telling the truth. The Washington MPD has coveraged 12 blocks area... - It's us. Are you at the clubhouse? - <i>Yeah, I'm working through.</i> - Where's agent Irving? - He's doing the search of the bar. Give simple answers and don't let anyone think what you're saying is important. Is there a man there named Dave Miller? He would've been there all day.</i> I'm going to call Irving and tell him to get in there. This man is probably armed and he's willing to kill. I did not know that. He's there as a threat against the wife to force harold to go through with this. - <i>That would certainly explain...</i> - The fear you saw earlier. OK, well, that sounds fun. Hopefully, I can get tickets. Reynolds has been on with agent Irving. He's on his way. Just sit tight. Cool. Let me know how it goes. Shouldn't be more than a few minutes. We'll get out of here. What were they saying about harold? Find out what kind of bomb it is? No, no. But I do have some bad news. I don't think they're going to let Harold talk to the president. - Probably not. - But I think I have a solution To this whole thing and you two know him well, Obviously, so let me just run it by you. I have a friend who works in assemblyman kincaid's office. Maybe I call in a favor and he can talk to Harold. That's, uh... that's not really the same thing. But at least it's a phone call with someone who works in the government. Lady, quit wasting our time. That's kind of the point, actually. Put your hands over your head. People lie all the time. It must make you pretty cynical. Sometimes, but you get to see the truth occasionally. Truth is, I'm really scared right now. I know. Me, too. Well, a little bit. I just... I want another chance, you know? I'd do things different. Is that a stupid thing to say? No, not at all. Oscar's acting weird. Oscar, you OK? Hey. You know, when I was your age, I had a crush on this girl... older woman, really... Sixth grader. I was always worrying about it, stressing out about it, And then I realized there was nothing you can do. So, sometimes, when there's nothing you can do, You just have to believe everything is gonna be OK. And you write a song. Can't be worried and write a song at the same time? I mean, you look to me like a guy who can write some fantastic rhymes. Am I right? I can tell that about you. I can see it on your face. So, let's give it a shot. Your wife and your son are safe, Harold. Thank you. Tell me about Jackson. I don't know. He just put me in this tractor and he told me to drive here. He said if I got out of the seat, it would trigger the bomb. And he didn't mention any other plan to you. No, nothing. I mean, I knew that he was even angrier than I was. But I never thought in a million years he would... I'm a dead man. Can I speak to my wife? Yeah I'll work on that for you. Sit tight, harold, all right? I'll get back to you. You've to call off the disrupter charge Until we can figure out what's going on. Harold is just a pawn. IRA used to do the same thing. They'd coerce civilians to do the work. There's nothing we can do for him. He's sitting on a bomb we can't defuse. Look, if he moves, call me back. Jackson just turned his phone on. We triangulated it to 15th and I street. Hey, that is, right here, Just outside the blast radius. And near the hotel where secretary Dobbins is holding his economic summit. Jackson's credit card was used to rent - A white box van 4 hours ago. - All right, I'm headed over there now. Remind me what this guy looks like? - Let's get that out to all units. - he's not gonna look like that. I mean, he's probably gonna be disguised or something. You need to look for the posture And the gaze of a... Terrorist. - Why am I telling you this? - Why don't you just come with me? Take a look at that... white box van, no plates. Suspension's maxed out. Yeah. So the terrorists have their own delivery vehicle. This takes me back. He's gonna want to hide in plain sight Could be in that crowd over there. So he can keep an eye on his van. Yeah, on the target. You know how it is. What happens if we spot him? - That's the signal. - All right. Yeah, give me the bomb squad. Hey, Jackson. We've got Harold's wife and son. They're safe. You got the wrong guy. You're Ron Jackson, right? You've got a bomb in that van back there. Answer me. What about harold's trailer? Is that just a decoy? Answer me! I know that's the trigger. Jackson, put the phone down! Put it down! FBI! All right, so you're all officially songwriters now. Nice work, and I want to thank Oscar for these great lyrics. - My pleasure. - All right, here we go. And... sing your part. Help me out, all right? Good. I say I'm 10 when I'm 9 and a half my uncle tells a joke and I try to laugh</i> in gym I fake a headache when I want to quit</i> I say I love the sweater that my grandma knit</i> but that's a white lie white lie that's the kind you want to tell, a white lie</i> white lie! So you're mom won't have to yell, a white lie</i> white lie! Everybody does it 'cause it feels all right</i> and it's more polite but a lie's still a lie, even when it's white</i> Here you go. I pretend I'm asleep when my dad walks in</i> I said I ate my chicken but I just ate the skin</i> your face can say you're lyin' when your mouth says you're not</i> your peds are on fire but they're not too hot</i> - <i>when it's a white lie</i> - <i>white lie!</i> It's the kind you want to tell, a white lie</i> white lie! So you're dad won't have to yell, a white lie</i> white lie! Everybody does it 'cause it feels all right</i> and it's more polite, but a lie's still a lie</i> even when it's white while it might be hard to say what's true</i> would you want a white lie told to you?</i> - <i>But that's a white lie</i> - <i>white lie!</i> That's the kind you want to tell, a white lie</i> white lie! So you're mom won't have to yell, a white lie</i> white lie! Everybody does it 'cause it feels all right</i> and it's more polite but a lie's still a lie even when it's... white Good work. - <i>Command post.</i> - We've got Jackson and the bomb. Things are about to get wrapped up here, too. Did you get Howard out of the tractor yet? I can't risk the lives of my bomb techs on this. There's no telling how many booby traps there are in Harold's device.</i> - Boss, listen... - Look, Ben, you did a great job? But we're proceeding. I'm sorry. If there are other out there, they find out Jackson's dead, They'll push the button on Harold's bomb. Hey, when I asked jackson about harold's bomb, right, He was defensive. He was bluffing. Can you tell me with 100% certainty that there's no bomb on Harold Clark's trailer? Not yet. Give me time. We're out of time. Hello? Harold, we've got Jackson and Miller, And we took care of Jackson's bomb. How's my family? They're doing fine. Thank you... For saving them. I can't take credit for that, but I'll pass on your thanks. The FBI still thinks you have a bomb in your trailer And they want to disrupt you with an explosive device that could kill you in the process. I understand. Harold, did you ever see the bomb? Or were you just told about a dead man switch? I heard the click of the switch. I never saw the bomb. Ron said that he would call and tell me how to diffuse it if I just stalled you guys long enough. - That's not good enough. - Yeah, no, I get it. Look, they should go ahead and do it, just to be sure. There are too many people around here, and if there is a bomb in my trailer... I'd rather die than than live knowing I may have killed other people. Yeah, we're not there yet. Please, just let me talk to my wife before they do it, though. Please? So I can just say good-bye? Honey, I hope you can forgive me. What are you talking about? I love you. I have always loved you. And I want you to... I want you to give bobby a big hug for me. I want you to tell him that I am sorry. I've always been very proud to have you as a husband, Harold. Let's do it. You know, you should leave if you don't want to see this. - It's about bloody time, Torres. - <i>I got it.</i> - It should be ready to pull up. - All right. - And? - <i>I think you're right.</i> Is there a bomb in Harold's trailer? - <i>Yes, there is.</i> - <i>Why should I believe you?</i> Ron wanted to kill the secretary of treasury and all those money men when they evacuated. Even if that didn't work, he was going to have Harold's bomb blow</i> just to get the message across. So, yeah, Harold's got a bomb, all right. - You see that? - I see it. Right, he's lying through his teeth. I mean, their only hope of collateral damage Is if the FBI blows Harold up for 'em. I mean, you're the puppet now. No. I can't take that chance. I'm going to see Harold. Ihave to go with Lightman. I said no. I can't allow it. Look, you asked me to make the call? Well, now, I'm making it. - There is no bomb in that trailer. - If you're wrong, it's your ass. Well, if I'm wrong, in 5 minutes, I won't have an ass, will I? - Are you telling me you're 100% sure? - Yes. But... I'd clear the area, you know? Just in case I'm wrong. Hey, harold. Hey, how ya doin'? I'm Cal Lightman. We spoke on the phone earlier. You're safe now. You can come on down. - Are you out of your mind? - No, not right now, but, in a couple of hours, I'm gonna be really very drunk. Well, what about the bomb? There is no bomb. It's safe. There's a bomb. I heard a click. Harold, this is probably your one and only chance to walk away from this. So, if I were you, I'd definitely step on down. Careful. Here, let me give you a hand. You're all right. There ya go. All right. Don't go near that one because that one is a bomb. - Hey, what are you doing? - Hang on a minute. Good work. Nice work. No? OK. I'm the one who stole clyde. Oh, I know. He's a turtle and he doesn't like being in the classroom At night all by himself. I took him home so he wouldn't be lonely. OK. You know, I think that Clyde likes being on his own at night. I think he enjoys the quiet. I say you bring him back into school tomorrow, all right? To the classroom. But you sneak him back in. No one needs to know a thing. I think I should tell miss angela. Really? Oh, good girl. I might have a job for you one day. All yours. Get out. Don't miss your bus. Go on, you guys. I'll be right there. Well, there's a first