I'm talking about her! - For God's sake! - Shut up! Listen to me! SIX MONTHS EARLIER Rita, what on earth are you doing? I'm learning to play the recorder. Why? They say that every now and then you should swap places with your child so each of you gets to see how the other half lives. So I'm learning how to play the recorder. What's your daughter doing? She's sat at home with a bottle of gin thinking about her failed marriage. Rita, you are a card. Yeah, the joker. Oh, it's no good. It's too difficult. Rita, I used to play the recorder at school, let me help you learn... - Oh, thank you, Brains. - OK. Yes, Mr Yamaguchi. No, Mr Yamaguchi. If I just say, one more time, I am velly, velly solly. I mean I'm very, very sorry. Yes, ah soles to you, too, ah soles to you, too, goodbye. Rita, just relax. But it's so hard. Just take it in your hand. And blow. Don't suck. Oh, that's good. What the bloody hell's going on here?! Oh, sorry, Mr Stokes, I don't know when I'm blowing and when I'm sucking. She's learning to play the recorder. What does it record? What does it record? It doesn't record anything. What's it called a recorder for, then? I don't get it. Are you havin a laugh? Is he havin a laugh? Sometimes, Gobbler... - Raymond... - Oh, my God! - What is it? - Raymond... It's only my bloody twin sister... - Hello, Raymond. - What are you doing here? A young girl gets lonely. Maybe so, but what are you doing here?</i> Mr Millman? Hello there, sorry to bother you, I saw you in here. My name's Richard, I'm the manager. - You've got to help me. - Why? Would you mind signing a few of these? What, now? They're not moving. Just as many as you can manage. If you sign ten, that's ten we've got more chance of selling. I thought the public'd lap this tat up, but they're more discerning than I thought. Even the Kramer doll's selling better than this. I'm out there, Jerry... And I'm loving it! Shut up! Fifty years ago we had you upside down with a fucking fork up your ass!</i> It's cheap and ugly, I suppose that's the problem. Yeah, it is ugly. Are you havin a laugh? Are you havin a laugh?</i> Who'd have thought people would eventually find that irritating? Thing is, you've got to order these things like a year in advance. Still... I won't make the same mistake again. I'll make my money back next Christmas. I've ordered 10,000 Sanjaya dolls. Well you're laughing, then, aren't you? What would you rather do, right? Never celebrate Christmas ever or have Christmas every day? If it's Christmas every day, what do I have to do? Nothing. You just sit at home, watching telly, having the day off. So no-one works? There's no industry, no government? It's chaos. So you'd rather never celebrate Christmas? Well, yeah, if that was the choice. So you'd be jewish? They don't celebrate Christmas. Why would I suddenly be jewish? I don't know what you're talking about. Ready? Yes. Oh, look, it's Greg in a film. Come on, we can't watch telly in the day. Wait, I wanna see. No man has the right to kill his brother. It is no excuse to do so in uniform. It merely adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder.</i> I love Clive Owen. Clive - good name for a film star. If we must have a tyrant, let him be a gentleman bred to the business,</i> and let us fall by the axe, and not by the butcher's cleaver.</i> Greg seems good in it. It'll be a bit part. ... Clive Owen and Greg Lindley Jones, the two leads in the film.</i> He's one of the leads. In a terrible film. - I thought it was brilliant. - He thought it was brilliant. I can hear! It was an action film as well as a period drama.</i> Clive, you're Byron, of course, but Greg, you play Shelley,</i> and it's one of the most exciting breakthrough performances ever.</i> Thank you very much. How was it for you working with such an established star as Clive Owen?</i> I hope you don't mind me saying this, he is such a down-to-earth guy.</i> He is just so real. We had a good time, didn't we? We got on, and I know a lot of people say that,</i> but we really, really did get on well.</i> I can't believe you persuaded me to do these things. They're not even selling, apparently. There's going to be loads of them lying around in bargain bins for ages, cheap tat. They've cut the price to try and shift a few but they're so cheap to manufacture, we're still getting like 40p a time. They're made in sweat shops. Thank God for the exploitation of children! Absolutely. And that's your key demographic as well, kids. Even if they do a 14-hour day they probably have a whale of time. "Are you havin a laugh?" They enjoy themselves. Hope it doesn't distract them. They'll get a beating. I don't wanna hear this. They wouldn't work there if they didn't like it. I doubt they get a choice. As Henri Matisse once said, "Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us." Yeah, what you working on today? I'm trying to get this dog muck out of his shoe. Next door's Great Dane. The stench is unbelievable. I've seem them feeding it hard-boiled eggs. It's mad, isn't it? - Really, I don't care. - Sure? I don't wanna be associated with that. To the public, there's no difference between me and that doll. Little fat ugly thing, pathetic? No, I put on... I put on a wig and shout a catchphrase. I wanna be associated with credible stuff. We've had offers. Part in the BBC's jewel in the crown, Doctor Who. Er, Hotel Babylon? No, I don't wanna do... camp, frothy nonsense, I wanna do something classy. Celebrity Big Brother? - You're not listening. - Good money. Not in a million years. What happened to films? Well, you know this Byron film everyone's raving about? Right, well they're making a sequel. Should be classy, should be good. It's about what it means to be a man, about honour, integrity. - They wanted you to audition. - Right. Obviously I said no, but it was positive. - Why say no? - They wanted someone who's 36, handsome, dashing, and I thought it was safer... Always do the audition. But, look at you, that's insane. I might as well send Barry. Call them back and say you've got the perfect person. - Who? - Me! I don't wanna waste their time. I'm trying to persuade my agent to get an audition. It should be the other way round. But they'll think I don't know what I'm doing. No-one could think you're a waste of space and shouldn't be in the industry. Thanks, but you'd be surprised. Get me the audition. That's a ten-minute break, everyone, sandwiches are over here. Could you just let the actors and the crew have theirs first, please? Could you hold on? - Are you Maggie? - Yes. Andy wants to see you in his dressing room. - What, now? - Yeah, chop chop. Oh, hello, Mrs Millman, is Andy in? It's a face pack, don't make me laugh. - What for? - For a film role. You going for a film? Yeah, right. OK, help me out, don't comment. Is that a girdle? No, it just helps firm up the... Flab? Come on, then, quick. Are you serious? I've got to... It's not going to work. - Course it is, I'll breathe in. - Six inches. Come on then, go. Don't make me laugh, don't make me laugh. Go on then, go on, go. - Oh, my God. - Where do your organs go? - My fingers are spasming. - Do they just get closer together or am I going to cough up a kidney in the audition? Natural. He was just... I don't think he was good as I thought he was... - Andrew Millman. - Greg. You're looking good. Been working out, innit? Sorry, must declare an interest, actually. Me and Andy are very old friends, we've been climbing the slippery showbiz ladder together. Some of us got a little further than others. Anyway, I won't be biased. - So which role are you here for? - Henry Milligan. Hang on, you can't be Henry Milligan, says here "aged 36". Yeah, I took that as being mid-to-late thirties. We'll change it to "late thirties". Hang on, you can't be Henry Milligan. It says here "late thirties". Shall we do one? Yeah? Do you want to stand up? Yep. Easy. Yep, from your line, thanks. Ah, Henry Milligan, allow me to introduce myself. Your reputation precedes you, sir, and it is one that... Sorry, can we just stop there? Something seems to have happened to Andy's midriff. Can we just rewind that and see what happened? I don't know if everyone else saw that. Your reputation precedes you, sir, and it is one that...</i> There, look at his belly. Andy, has your diaphragm just collapsed? Oh, dear, he seems to have scuttled off. Hello, it's me. Leave a message after the tone and I'll get back to you.</i> Did that record? Hi, it's me, do you fancy some lunch, at the Ivy, I'll pay?</i> I can tell you all about my brilliant audition...</i> All right, give us a call back, cheers, bye. Andy Millman. All right, Bunny. What you doing? Waiting. Waiting? - For what? - Cock. Yeah, never too early for that, is it? - Don't you know about this area? - No, I've just moved in. This area's famous for it. I'm here all the time. This is known as the waiting bench! Oh, by the way, loving the show. - Cheers. - "You having a laugh?" Keep walking, keep walking. She'll never get anything in the daylight. Hello, Bunny. Oh, hi, George. - Any action? - No. I've only got 20 minutes, actually. I'm on my lunch break. Lunch break? - Yeah, I'm doing community service. - Ah, you still doing that? Oh, no, I'm doing another one. I'm picking up litter now. All right. What did you do wrong this time? Fly tipping, believe it or not. I was helping Annie Lennox out with an old fridge freezer, and she said, "Shall I call the council?" I said, "Don't bother - there's a skip at the end of my street." So, 2.30 in the morning, we're tipping it in there, and the fucking police show up. How did they get involved, then? Well, it was Stewart Copeland's skip, and he called Sting and Sting called the fucking council cause he's a fucking do-gooder. And now me and Annie are picking up litter. I better get going, you know, I'm going to have to get back to work soon. Come on then, you. I'll give you a quickie. Oi, I'm not that desperate, matey. Cheeky bastard. Do me a favour and look out for for paparazzi? I'm gonna go and try over there. - Love to. - Yeah. - Cheers. - Cheers. I've had him before, you know. In his car. Wasn't that a bit cramped? And he was swerving all over the bloody road. Keep an eye out for me as well, will you? That old queen can't have got too far. Hello! - I don't know what this bench is for. - Eh? What did you say? Why are you sitting there? I live across the road, and just fancied a sit down. Well, why not sit in your garden? No bench. Wanna sit in the garden, fine, but you'll be sitting on the grass. Yeah, but why you sitting on the queer bench? Have you seen George Michael? Strange question. My editor wants a picture of someone famous acting bent and all I've got is you sitting on a queer bench. I'm not involved, so don't... I know he's been here. How do you know? A joint... ... and a kebab. - He's in the bushes. - Thank you very much. Thank you very much, cheers. We haven't booked. I wonder if you've got a table for two. You have to book, I'm afraid. Couldn't you just squeeze us in? We won't have a starter. - I'm sorry, there's nothing. - Or a pudding. - We'll be 20 minutes, in and out. - I'm sorry. You don't, er... - We are... - ... The management. No, I am the manager. No, on TV, we used to do these characters called The Management. - The Stonk? - Le Stonk? Is that a restaurant? No, it's a song we did. I'm really sorry, there's nothing available but you can book up to three months in advance. We don't know where we're gonna be in three months. Might not be alive in three months. What would you rather do? Be on the Planet Of The Apes, you're human but you can't speak, or be the first ever monkey on Earth to speak like a human, but you're a monkey? - Do I know I'm a monkey? - You know you're a monkey. Sorry, we haven't booked. No problem. I'm sure I can squeeze you in. Thank you, cheers. Oh, look, it's them two. What's their names again? - Hale and Pace. - Hale. Pace. Like Ant and Dec? Without their money. They just throw money at performers now. - Should have invested more wisely. - Can we not do this in public? It was your idea to buy the racehorse. It was your idea to ride it, wasn't it? You couldn't help us get in, could you? I don't think there's... It was nice to meet you. Cheers. Oh, look, there's what's her name... - Jade Jagger. - That's it. - What does she do? - Fashion or something. Jade Jagger. How do you think she got her big break? I wonder. And what does Sadie Frost do? She's friends with people. - I didn't know that was a job. - It is, yeah. - Not the sausages. - Oh, oh, right, OK. Don't look, don't look yet, right. The woman over there, an amazing face. OK? Red top, I want you to turn and look at her - and I'll say her name. - OK. Three, two, one. Elmer Fudd. That's the only woman I've ever seen with a comb-over. Hi, I'm sorry to bother you, my name's Tre Cooper, I represent Greg Lindley Jones. You went in yesterday for Byron, didn't you? Yeah, I wasn't right for that. You weren't right for <i>that</i> role. There are a lot of film people mentioning your name - and roles you'd be right for. - Really? I also heard you're not entirely happy with your show. - It's not how I wanted it to be. - Really? You should be on top of the world. What does it get each week? Seven million viewers? - Six. - Just six. Seven million viewers watch your show every week because they respond to what you do, and the reviews... Don't listen to the reviews. No-one's down the pub talking about reviews, they're talking about your sitcom, and you know what? And there'll always be people who don't like what you do. So what? If someone shouts, "You're a wanker", you go, "Look at my sports car." If they shout, "You're still a tosser!", say, "How many catchphrases have you come up with? None." And if they're still shouting at you, just drive away. I would. Drive to the bank, laughing. Who's your agent? Darren Lamb. I'm not being funny, but I've never heard of him and I've been in this business 15 years. - Where did he come from? - Bristol. - No, which company did he start with? - He never did. Yes he has, he worked part time at the Carphone Warehouse. Look, I don't know the guy. Why would you? You're in the business. I don't want to disrespect him, but business is business and if there's any deadwood in your organisation, you have got to get rid of it. It may seem harsh but life's cruel. No-one's gonna help your career but you. I'm an extra, and I love Clive Owen. Can I get a part in that Byron film? - Sorry. - It's all right, she's hustling. Well done. Consider it done. My card. And seriously, if l can be of any help, call me. - Sorry for interrupting your meal. - All right. Oh, catch of the day, Dover sole - it is superb. Have a great lunch. - Cheers. - Yeah. Oh, Elmer's looking over. Hello. I recommend the wabbit, the rabbit. She doesn't know, does she? How the hell did you do that? - I don't know, they get stuck. - That is... That's stuck fast, if I... - ... that's gonna break... - Don't break it. I'll put it up over your head. Ready? You just pull back, all right? OK, go... Just pull, Darren. What about my head, brainiac! Just pull back. I can't help you if you don't pull back. I am pulling back. What exactly is your plan? What are you actually intending to do now? Just you pull back. Did you learn nothing in the fame academy, all right?</i> Power is not everything. You just need to be subtle.</i> Don't sing everything like it's bloody Mustang Sally.</i> OK, Clive... You, over here, please. Quickly, quick sharp, yep, yep. So Byron's just spent the night with a prostitute. All right? As he leaves in the morning, he could just turn, and then throw the money on the floor with contempt, and your line, "Thank you for your hospitality." I'm not very happy with this. I know it's a bit aggressive, but it's just a character point. No, I mean this one being the prostitute. I wouldn't pay for that. Right. - Must be a better one than this. - Clive, seriously, they sent me a truckload of absolute hogs and this is the very best one. Really? Jesus. I don't want to be difficult. It's just I would never pay for a prostitute that looked like that. What if she wasn't a prostitute, she was just a slut, so it was free? Yeah, I still could do better, though. OK, what if she is a prostitute, but you just refuse to pay? You don't throw money on the floor, you just... throw food and make her eat it like a dog. If I'd slept with that, I wouldn't throw food on the floor, I'd throw it in her face. What food would you throw, cos I gotta get props on to that? It should be some kind of gruel as if I've found some oats on the stable floor, mix it with shit and like, wet cabbage. What would be great is like when it claps into her face it just sort of looks like a rancid cowpat. OK... No, I like that. Can we get the shit... and the dung and the cabbage together, make sure it sticks to the face? - It will. - OK, let's try that then, please. - OK, for rehearsal then... - Excuse me. I'm not happy with that. Sorry? I'm not happy with that. I don't want the dung on my face. You get extra money, if you're worried about that. Don't care, not bothered, I just don't want to do it, full stop. Right, OK, you either do it, or you go home. - OK. Right. - See you, then. Honestly, I mean, you give these people a chance. Got to get another on. OK, you, over here, please. Oh, fuck off, I'm Clive Owen! That's mental. - Which muppet did your contracts? - I know who. But the BBC are taking the proverbial. Seriously, the money you're getting for the show is an insult. I'll get tough with them and we'll get this sorted for the next series. I don't think I wanna do one. I've been thinking of knocking this on the head... With the right management, there's a lot of money to be made. I don't care. I'm not proud... I want to do better. I'm not proud of having Britain's No 1 Catchphrase. Is there an Oscar for that? No. But they are thinking of introducing a British Comedy Award for it. Course they are. Look, I want to hold my head up. To me, saying you've got Britain's No 1 Catchphrase is like saying you've got Britain's No1 Wasting Disease. You're not Britain's No 1 Catchphrase any more. - I'm not. - You're not No 1 any more. Good. To be totally... Who's number one? It's... "Am I bowered?" What am I, No 2? No. No 2 is, "You are the Weakest Link, goodbye." Then No 3 is "You're having a laugh." In at No 3, it changes depending on what survey you are doing? What survey is that? It's a survey of 8 to 11-year-olds. Well, if they want catchphrases I'll give 'em catchphrases. I don't get it. Is he havin a laugh? I need a man! Join the queue. Oh, bugger me! He's out and about! # Christmas time... # Mistletoe and wine... # Children singing Christian rhyme # With logs on the fire, Gifts 'neath the tree... # Any messages, mate? - Yeah, couple. BT called. - British Telecom? - What did they want? - To know if you were happy. Very happy. I told them, but they wanted to talk to you. They would do - my name's on the bill. And apparently you could have free evening and weekend calls. That's very generous. Do they want me to call back? - No, they said they'd call back. - I don't mind calling them. I said you'd be back about two. It's ten to now. Just wait. Just after two, if they haven't called, give them a bell. - It's an 0800 number so... - Free. Anything else? Yes, Andy's new agent called. Andy's fired you and is with a new bloke so you're no longer to have any dealings with him whatsoever. Sorry, I was thinking about free calls. What were you saying? Andy Millman's fired you. - What do you mean? - You're no longer Andy Millman's agent. Why are you telling me now? Why did you tell me the BT stuff first? Chronological order. I was excited about the BT stuff, now I'm depressed. If I'd said, number one, Andy's fired you and number two, BT has offered you a generous new tariff, the good news would have been soured by the bad news anyway. He's fired me? Let me ask you - where do you want to be in five years' time? Sat in a Hollywood mansion watching my butler polish my Oscar. That's good, thinking big, nothing wrong with that. But first, what we need to concentrate on is... Excuse me. - Richard Curtis for you. - Oh, God. - Does he wanna talk about Africa again? - I think so. Tell him to donate the profits from the Vicar of Dibley. - They'll soon be eating like Dawn. - Harsh. Life's cruel. Tell him you can't get hold of me, tell him I'm snowboarding. - Sorry. - It's all right. Profile. We need to boost your profile. Success is all about getting your face seen. Truth is, at the moment, you're top of the C-list, but I'm gonna get you on top of the A-list. I can't do that overnight - you need to win an Emmy or direct something - but we can get you to the top of the B-listjust by making sure you're seen out and about, movie premieres, celebrity gay weddings... - You're single, aren't you? - Yeah. Good, so firstly what we want you to do is be seen coming out of clubs and restaurants with some newsworthy trollops. You shagged any of those tabloid beauties? No. Not even her? - No. - She's had everyone. - Not me. - What you been doing? She's got a cancellation next Friday so we'll set something up for then. No, no, I'm not into that. I don't want to do it that way. Do you wanna get on the B-list? Yes, but not the Hepatitis B list. Right, OK, no, that's not a problem, I've got contacts at the broadsheets. Paula, can you get me Emily Whitford at The Guardian, please. QUALIFIED SKILLED EXPERIENCED MUST HAVE QUALIFICATIONS PART-TIME CLEANER So what do you do? I was a film extra. - Oh, glamorous. - It's not really. I'm not doing it any more, it's too depressing. I'm too old to be at the bottom of the pile being told what to do, scrabbling about in the dirt for a few quid an hour. - What do you do now? - I'm a cleaner. I scrabble about in the dirt for a few quid an hour. So here's the place. Here we go. Carpets... Spider? Yep. That won't be bothering you any more. You just gonna leave it there? If you want. No, I don't, not particularly. Fine, that'll all be professionally cleaned. Scraped off. - Where's the bedroom? - No, it's all in here. What, this is it? Tiny little kitchen over here and there's a lavatory. It's everything you need. You'd never have to leave this place. If the worst comes to the worst, if you were bedridden with a spinal injury - heaven forbid - then it's all here, should that happen. Where do I sleep? Look at that. That's good, isn't it? That's like james Bond or something. From Russia With Love. No, er, Live And Let Die. I can't put anything underneath that, can I? Course you can, coffee table or whatnot. - Move it before you go to bed. - Every night? A chimpanzee makes a nest every night in a tree. He doesn't complain. No. I hadn't planned to live like a chimpanzee. This is the only place in your price range, so... I know. What's the area like, then? OK... I'm gonna be honest with you. There is quite a large black and Asian community, there's some Chinese and it does get very Araby towards the high street but there's nothing we can do about that... No, I meant in terms of the amenities, is there a supermarket? Oh, yeah, yeah, supermarkets, yes, there's loads of lovely different shops around here. It's a very cosmopolitan area for food. I mean, do you like Chinese food? Asian food? Good for Halal meats. Do you like jerk chicken, just like momma used to make? There's one of those. In fact you can probably see it from the window. Yep, there it is. Where you been? We said three o'clock. Sorry, I've been looking at flats. I'm gonna have to downsize. Tell me later. I'm about to do an interview, Weekend Guardian, good publicity, sort of the "man behind the silly wig". When she gets here, - open the door for me. - Why me? Say you're my PA. Give the illusion of success, right? Then, come in and go, "Oh, Andy, sorry, Ridley Scott's on the phone." - Who? - Ridley Scott. - Who's that? - Oscar-winning director. - Gladiator, Blade Runner. - When's he gonna call? - He's not really gonna call. - No? You say he's on the phone and then she'll think I'm a player. That's her. Right. Answer the door and just look a bit secretarial. Do something... - Hello. - Hi.</i> - Andy. - Hi. Thank you, Mr Millman. Thanks for doing this. My absolute pleasure. Welcome to my humble abode. You don't talk like I thought you would. You've seen me in character. There's more than silly wigs. No, on chat shows you don't speak like that. There's the writer, the actor, the charity worker... - Sorry, what was that? - Slash this slash that... That's how I thought you talked. How do you want me to talk? - Just normal, like you're at home. - I am at home. - Just speak like that then. - Tone it down. OK, come on. So, you mentioned your charity work. What charities are you involved with? Africa. The main one that people care about, innit? You're not going to release an awful comedy single, are you, for charity so you can get in the charts and boost your profile? - Not just to boost my profile, no. - You are releasing a comedy single? Well, it's not, it's me as Ray doing a cover of Nine To Five and it's a fun video, cos we've got loads of sort of celebs in it. We've got Craig Charles, Sam Fox, - Jade Goody's mum. - God! Bunch of saddos. The good ones didn't want to do it. We had to use lookalikes for some of them! They will be sorry, though, when it gets to number one. It will, so let's not slag it off before it's saved some Ethiopians. In a hurry? Oh, no, sorry, I've got another interview to get to. - I'm a little nervous actually. - What, about meeting me? No, God, no. Have you seen the Byron film? I'm interviewing Greg Lindley Jones. Why are you nervous about him? He's got a sort of brooding intensity. He's like a young Richard Burton. Young Richard Simmons, more like. I'm not slagging him off but let's not... Mr Millman, the phone call has just come in. Who is it? - Is it Wiggly Scott? - Ridley Scott, yeah? The award-winning director of Gladiator and Blade Runner. What does he want? Cheers. Sorry about this. Hey, Ridley, I can't talk now, I'm out with a journo. - Say hello from me. - What? We know each other from Cannes. Say hello from me. Emily Whitford. Emily Whitford. - What's he say? - Nothing. - Ask him how is ankle is. He'll laugh. - Will he? How's your ankle? - Is he laughing? - Sort of. Let me speak to him. Let her speak to him. - Let me speak to him. - Hold on. Oh, what's he done? Hung up. Why's he done that? Sorry about that. Cheers. Can I ask you a few questions? What about? I'm not very good at general knowledge. - No, about working for Andy. - Probably not a good idea. If you are in a hurry... Cheers for that, it was... So how long have you worked for Andy? - Three hours. - No. - Three hours? - Think. What's she talking about...? Be honest, go on. Three ears? No, three YEARS. - That makes more sense. - Certainly. And, erm, what's he like as a boss? - A wanker. - No. - He's a wanker? - She didn't mean that. Listen. Listen, listen to her. He plays darts all the time. I love darts. I don't know why. I've just I've always wanted to be like Eric Bristow. - Is she actually your PA? - Is she...? - Is she actually your PA? - Who? That lady there, is she actually your PA? Sorry, I don't know what you mean by "actually". - Do you employ her? - Employment's a strong term. In what sense? It's weird to ask someone about their PA during an interview. Just clarification, really. She said that, I went along with it, so how do you assess the situation? I get the impression she's not your PA. Opposite impression that I would want... Did Ridley Scott actually phone you earlier? According to her. So he'll remember phoning you if l speak to him later? What's his memory like? - You spoke to him earlier. - Couldn't hear him. But you were relaying my messages to him. Yes, well done, and I am saying now, admitting I couldn't hear a word. Could you just answer the question - is she your PA? No, it's a joke. Course she's pretending. It's a wind-up. - We always do it with journalists. - You always do it? What do you mean by always? Do you need a PA in real life, Andy? No. Cos I could do with the money. Shall I pack that? Yeah, may as well. Bought that as a gift for Andy. Didn't want it, wasn't interested. Should have known then something was brewing. How about these? Nothing in 'em. Just put 'em up there in case the local kids run by and peer in and shout insults. Kids can be cruel. Eh? Yeah, they can. - What do they say? - You know what they say. - Lanky four-eyed twat? - Yeah. - Weirdo goggle-eyed gimp? - Sometimes. Frankenstein's albino gonk? I never heard that one. It's so easy to have a go at a bloke who looks like you, you're just easy pickings. - Sheep shagger they said as well. - I thought sheep shagger was Welsh? - It can be Bristol as well. - I thought it was inbreeding. Sheep shagging, inbreeding, slavery. We're famous for loads of stuff. Oh, right. - Bar? - Yeah. I could do with a hug, mate. - Queers! - Ignore him. Show me the money. So, When The Whistle Blows, BBC are begging for a Christmas special. No. I don't wanna do it any more. You'd be mad to say no. I wanna do a Hollywood film or TV but cool TV, American TV. We've got cool TV over here. I've had offers. - Do you wanna be an alien in Dr Who? - No. They've offered you a guest part in Hotel Babylon. What part of "cool" don't you understand? All right, well we've had a movie offer. - Right. - British film. No, no, listen, it's a comedy starring Rob Schneider as a horny deliveryman who looks like the Prime Minister. Rob will be playing both parts. Get me a Hollywood film. Andy, with all due respect, I can't see Martin Scorsese in his London hotel room flicking through the channels going, "I've never seen this bloke before, but I've got a wig that will fit him." Why are you saying that? Because you've chosen a very specific path. I wanna get off it. If that's what it takes to get respect, then I'm gonna finish it. I don't want to come up with more wacky characters, shouting catch-phrases amongst kids and morons. I want to do something credible. I might want to direct one day and I'm not gonna get respect so I'm finishing the sitcom. That's mad. That's killing a cash cow. I'm ending the sitcom. There you go. Done. Well, you could do that or you could think, people are still watching, let's milk it. People are stupid enough, let's keep on giving it to them. They've seen it all before, they've seen everything, every sketch slightly rewritten, every character. They've heard every catchphrase shouted 1,000 times. Yes, but have they seen an episode set in Spain? That's great, thanks. Excuse me, Andy, sorry to bother you. I'm an extra but I'm an actor, really, and I know you've been in my position and, I was wondering if there's a line, or a few lines, I'd appreciate the opportunity. I'm not really involved with casting. What's your name? - Phil. - I'll speak to the Floor Manager. If anything comes up, I'll put a word in for you. Thanks. Sorry to bother you. - Why are the extras coming up to me? - Sorry? Why are the extras bothering me, and not in their paddock or wherever you keep 'em? They look up to you cos you were in their boat. Shall I sit down with 'em and reminisce about old times? Or shall I get on with my job, that pays their wages and yours? Sorry, I didn't realise. I'll tell him not to do it again. He won't do it again, because he won't be around again. Hey, my man. Darren Lamb. I'm here to see Andy Millman, star of When The Wind Blows... - Whistle. - Whistle. Yes, if I could just... Do you have a pass? No, I'm a friend of his. I'll just go in, it's not a problem. I can't let anyone in without a pass. No? We are friends but we've had a bit of a falling out. I don't want to hassle you with it, but if I could just... I can't help you, sorry sir. All right. Thanks a lot. What's happened? I think we both know what's happened. What's happened is I've tried to jump the barrier and that ain't panned out as I hoped and so if you just let me free, I'll go home and say nothing more about it. We'll both have a lovely Christmas. That sounds like a plan. - What are you doing? - I know this woman. They won't let me in. - Have you not got a pass? - No. I was just trying to see Andy. Every time I phone him, he's always on voice mail. - Can she just walk me in? - No, not without a pass. - All about the pass with you, innit? - Can I get him a pass? Why not? I'll go and get a pass from Andy. Wait there. Cheers. Oh, there you are. Andy, I've just seen Darren out there and he says he can't get in. Why are you telling me? He keeps trying to call you but your phone's switched off. No, it's not, I just don't answer it when I see it's him. Can I not just get him a pass and he can sit up at the back? I don't want him in here. I know, but I told him I would get him in. Well, you lied. He says he really wants to see you. Life's cruel. I've got to go and tell him he can't get in? Maggie? You can't keep coming up to me. I can't what? You can't talk to me in front of the other extras. They see you, they go, "Oh, she's an extra, she's his equal, maybe we're his equal." - I'm not an extra. - No, you were. So were you. I'm a little bit busy. - All right? - Yeah... Andy can't get you a pass. He said he's really sorry and that he would love to have you in there but he just can't bend the rules, fire regulations or something. Makes sense. I imagine the fire regulations are quite strict at the BBC. All right, thanks for trying. It's OK. - Nice to see you again. - You too, bye. 0h, oh, it's good to be back, but what a perfect holiday and everything has worked out brilliantly. It certainly has. I'm getting married to the man of my dreams. I got that promotion I wanted. And ever since Gobbler fell off that donkey, he's not been the same. Indeed not. As Confucius once said, "They must often change, who would be constant in happiness and wisdom." I don't get it. Brains is so much happier now that he's out of the closet. Oh, I am. Infact, last night I went on a wonderful date with a lovely man. He took me to a seafood restaurant, fed me my favourite meal. - Fish Stew? - No, he certainly did not! It was our first date. I didn't mean did he fist... I meant... are you havin a laugh? Is he havin a laugh? - Now he gets it. - I get it. - I'm getting it. - We're all getting it. Merry Christmas, everyone. Thank you. - Thank you very much. - We love you, Andy! You havin a laugh? I'm not actually, which is why this will be the last ever episode of When The Whistle Blows. Well, I never have to wear this stupid wig again... If truth be told, it's gone on for far too long. I think three series should be enough for anyone... I don't get it! Obviously, not enough for some people. Andy, why you stopping the show? Because it's not what I wanted to do, y'know, with my life, shout a catchphrase to a load of morons for a living. Well, don't... Merry Christmas... Thank you very much... Who do you think you are? You've just announced to the audience you are quitting the show, without consulting us, or even telling us? - It's nothing to do with you. - What? If I wanna stop, that's it. No, it the lack of professionalism, Andy, it's the arrogance... When I first got into this, you were the great "I am" holding me to ransom. Now you don't like it, do you? If I want to stop, I'll stop. I want to do other stuff, move on. Live with it. You stay here if you want, chasing ratings, but I wanna do something else. Really interesting way of looking at things after everything we've done for you. Life's cruel. Yes, it can be. Good luck. You've got lots of things lined up, have you? Don't worry about me. Phone won't stop ringing. Tre Cooper, please? Andy Millman. Yeah, good, listen to this. What's hot - Greg Lindley Jones, who charmed the nation this week on Desert Island Discs with a stream of hilarious anecdotes that recalled Peter Ustinov at his best. What's not - Andy Millman. Are we having a laugh? For about five minutes we were, but Andy Millman's Christmas special hit an all-time low. The jokes were filthier than Mrs Slocombe's pussy and with no new projects on the horizon, Millman is fast becoming as out of date as his gags. Aren't you meant to get me some decent work? I quit three weeks ago. Excuse me, is it OK if I go? It's nearly half past... - OK, see you tomorrow. - Thanks. Where've you been? You're late. Sorry. Look at this. Worst table. I'm just happy to be sitting down. Look, it's your friend, Vernon Kay. - Danny Millman! - Andy. - See ya later. - What? If he's forgetting my name, how the hell is he going to read an autocue? Look at this, the Guardian stitched me up. "There's a whiff of desperation about Andy Millman. Our interview was more bizarre than an episode of When The Whistle Blows. Every answer he gave sounded like he was reading from a press release full of boasts, hyperbole and the occasional bare-faced lie. He seemed desperate for the headline to be 'All's Well In the Millman Camp. Next Stop Hollywood.'" This is going to be a fun lunch, then. Eh? It's just we never seem to have a laugh any more. When you had nothing and we were both extras, we had more of a laugh. - No, we didn't. - I hated it, it was shit. I was always moaning. You're always moaning now. You moan about the Ray dolls but they did buy you a house that overlooks Hampstead Heath. You moan about the sitcom that gets six million viewers but it's the wrong six million... but at least it gets six million viewers. You've accomplished something, even if it's not exactly what you wanted. I've accomplished nothing. I have brought nothing to the world. Look at that, Harold Pinter and his wife, having lunch with Geri Halliwell. Why am I not over there? Do you like Geri Halliwell? No, why I am not having lunch with Harold Pinter and his wife? Well, I'm sorry you're stuck at this table, then. I'm not sure you should actually even come here. This place just seems to annoy you. You're always saying, he's got an acting part that you wanted or... he's got credibility and he doesn't deserve it. If you worry about things like that, you're never going to be happy, no matter however successful you are... you'll never be famous enough. Thank you, Dr Freud, next conversation. What would you rather be? A penguin that can't fly but it swims around in the water like a fish... but it is a bird... or a flying fish that can fly but is essentially stilljust a fish... Maggie, I can't do these stupid questions any more, seriously, we're grown ups. You probably want to turn to page 17, a rather perceptive interview with yours truly. The one that says Next Stop Hollywood. - I've seen it, nice photo. - Thank you. Apparently I've have a "brooding intensity". I'm gonna love you and leave you. Don't let him have a pudding. We don't want him bursting out all over the place. Cheers. - Do you want me to sign that? - No, you're all right, mate. - There's no one else in there. - Leave it. You'll never get it filled. How's it going? Just getting lunch. - What've you gone for? - Fillet O'Fish. Tasty. Good for you, isn't it, fish? You're meant to have two portions a week. It's got fatty acids, which are good for you apparently, and omega. You all right? Good, yeah. Excellent. I'd better crack on. Darren, it's quarter past two. Calm down, mate, you're not the boss of me. All right, Andy? You were due back 15 minutes ago. Keep your hair transplant on. I'm coming in. - See you later. - See you later. - All right? - Good, good. - No hard feelings. - No, sure. I needed someone to further my career... We all know he wasn't the best agent in the world, - but he was loyal. - Yeah. - And he tries hard. - Yeah. Be careful, mate. Fame is a mask that eats into the face. Barry, can you stop nattering? Dean's got a question for you. Did you tell someone the Nokia 8600 came with... Hello, mate. "You having a laugh?" Thought you were lying when you went on about him. I didn't go on about him, I didn't mention him... See you later. Were you really his agent once? - I need a new agent. - Why? Cos I'm working in Carphone Warehouse. I quit the show five months ago. I'm sat here like a lemon... You're not getting me anything. I've told you a thousand times, I'm not gonna play an alien in Doctor Who. Don't do it, Schlong! You leave me no alternative, Doctor. What's happening to us? He's hyper-podulating. He's using his molluscian glang valves to internally vibrulate our DNA. What does that mean? It means we'll both turn into slugs in about 30 seconds. Unless... I can reach that sodium chloride... What's sodium chloride? You probably know it as... table salt! Tre Cooper... OK, do you know where he is? Tell him to call me. Cheers. It's Andy Millman again. Can you get him to call me, please? I've been calling him every day for two weeks. He's never there. Where is he? Snowboarding? No, I've told him, I don't want to do Hotel Babylon. No, I'll tell you what, I am going to see him today, because he's my agent and he takes 12.5% of my wages, OK? Yeah, and if he really is at lunch, where is he? Please tell me where he is. Thank you. A very wise decision, if you don't mind my saying. Good little phone, fun ringtone on there as well, I've actually got the same one. You can see that would be enjoyable, with your friends, so, just pop your card in there if you would... Enter PIN. Don't let him see it. Libellous. Just let it phone its girlfriend. That should be it. Extract. Deano, a Motorola Accessory Pack, s'il vous plaît. Sure, Shauny. - Thar she blows. - I thank you. Enjoy. - Nice lady. - Yeah. All right! How's it going, do you need a phone or something? I need some work, really. Any jobs going? Not really, no. Aside from the intensive training needed, we are a bit overstaffed as well. The only way there'd be a vacancy is if one of these guys got an acting job. - Or if one of us dies. - That is more likely. Statistically, yes. So, no room at the... at the inn. You all right? Dean, tissues. Don't worry... I'm sure something will turn up. It's not about the job. It's everything, really. I've just wasted my life, I haven't done anything, I haven't seen anything, I haven't been anywhere, never even left the country. I haven't even been abroad. I just live on my own, in one room, with no money and I can't even get a job at the Carphone Warehouse. That's not true. It is true. It's true of this branch, but there are other branches, particularly in rougher areas. They're always desperate for staff, because the ones they've got are always being assaulted or stabbed, sometimes in the face. Sorry. Hi. Where are you? No. Nowhere. Can you meet me at the Ivy ASAP? I'm trying to track down my agent. He's worse than Darren. He was useless but I knew where he was. Why do you need me? I don't wanna go in by myself. I'll look like a complete loser. - Can you meet me or not? - Okay. Good. See you later. I have to go. Thanks for your help. I've had a piece of that. - Have ya? - Yeah. - He's a bit of a player! - It was one date. - All right, Bar... - One date's enough. - Nothing happened. - How do you know? You told me you blocked the toilet up and she left. That was for your ears only, thank you very much. That's my mum. She's ill. Mum. Hello. She's gone... You all right? I'm having a bit of a nightmare. I can't get hold of this agent. I've had to do Dr Who and Hotel Babylon to keep my profile up, now he wants me to do Robin Hood. - You've had it tough. - Nightmare. Apart from the TV work, you're doing OK. Hi, we haven't booked... We're very busy today, sir. - Andy Millman... - Yes. You should have booked ahead. - It's usually all right. - Sorry. - All right? - Very all right, Sir. Byron number one, UK box office, - number two in the USA... - Unlucky. I'm off round Europe next week to promote the old film. - What about you? - Oh, great. Good. - You got lots on? - Mental. Saw you as a slug in Dr Who. Very convincing. Space serpent. What's our agent like though? Has he gone AWOL? Hiding from the tax man? I hope he hasn't, I'm having lunch with him. You're having lunch with him? Don't bother, it goes to voice mail. - Oh, you're here. I'm outside. - There's something wrong... I'll come straight in. See you later. Something wrong with the signal. These girders... Sometimes it... It's weird how things pan out? He's more famous than you are now. Why would you say that? Why say that to me? He's not more famous than me, not amongst my demographic. Don't talk about things you don't understand. - That's bollocks. - All right. Gordon? - Andy Millman. - Yep. You all right? - Can't have a word, can you? - Just leaving... If you're in the industry, they'll let me through... - Can't. - You can't or won't? Won't. At least go make me a cheese sandwich. You cook! Cock?! Haven't you had enough cheese sandwiches, fat boy? You pound puppy-faced git. You catchphrase shouting, wig-wearing wannabe... You publicity hungry, failed footballing fuck. You're a has-been, go home. You think you're hard cos you shout at people. Who works in kitchens? Women and gays, and the French. Oh, you're well hard. Let's just leave it there. I don't want to get into a fight. I've heard your girdle could explode at any minute. You... I was gonna... - Come on, let's just go? - No, I'll wait for him to come out. If I can't go there for five minutes? - I'm sorry. - Can I have a drink? - Do you want a drink? - Not really, no. - Got something better to do? - No. I'm going. - Where you going? - Home. Don't leave me here by myself. Where is my home? - What? - Where do I live? You've moved? Yeah, where to? What, an exact address? No, just the area. What am I, your postman? No, you're my friend. - Look, I'll see you... - Come on. Oh, for fu... Excuse me! - What are you doing? - What are <i>you</i> doing? You haven't returned my calls. There's not been that much since you told the BBC to piss off. There's other channels, aren't there? You're meant to generate work. I can't magic things out of thin air. They either want you or they don't. Life's cruel. I'm up to my eyeballs with other clients... Guilty as charged. But what about me? Listen to me, Andy. I don't know what it is that you want. Every time you come in my office, something different. One day it's all about being an artist, the next day you just want your face in the paper. What do you want? To be a famous movie star or to be the tortured genius creating great art? Look, do you want fame and fortune or do you want integrity and respect? - Both. - Right. There are only a few people who have both of those things and you... ... will never be one of them. What do you want? Rich and famous and on the telly. OK then. Will you do the stuff you keep turning down? Comedy panel shows? Do you know you will have to make your jokes look ad-libbed? I know how they work. Fit club. Good, yeah. This is great! I'd much rather have a client that will do anything than someone who goes, "I don't want to do that" or "It's beneath me." Hold on. There is one other thing, I might have to pull some strings. Pull 'em. Last night, the celebrity housemates arrived in the Big Brother house.</i> - Lisa Scott Lee. - Hi, Lisa. Hi, Scott. Hi, Lee. - Chico. - Toby. How's it going? - Welcome to the house. - Oh, cheers. Hi, Andy. Lionel Blair. - Andy. - Good. He's happy. I don't know who any of these people are. Who's that in the dress? That's Amy, she is in all the lad's mags. Her boyfriend was accused of rape. Opportunity knocks. And who's that one? - Her son was murdered. - Murdered? What's she doing in here? - She's got a single coming out. - Course she has. Cheers. It's Chico time. 11.22pm. All the housemates are in the lounge. I knew he was filming us at it but I didn't think it was going to end up on the internet. - How did it end up on the internet? - Someone must have stolen it. - Where from? - From the flat. You probably put it on the open window sill next to the apple pie cooling down, some ruffians came by, they've put it on the internet. I'm glad they did, because the lads mags called and said, "We saw those, we thought they looked great in motion, do they look as good still?" And they did. So they put them in the magazines, and luckily... was reading one of them. You went out with F... for a while. We didn't really go out, I shagged him a few times. And I also shagged... Andy has come to the Diary Room. You might be sued under the Trades Descriptions Act, calling it Celebrity Big Brother. I didn't know some of them were. I just think, I don't think this is doing me any good.</i> It'll make me look bad if anything because people won't go,</i> "he's the biggest star in there," they'll go, "well, if he's in there, he must be as..." Day Three. Lionel is dancing again. I've pulled my bloody back... There we go. Easy does it, lay back, lay back. Why are you doing this? Just keeps up the profile. But you've been performing for 40 years. Aren't you bored with, just, having to be on all the time? I ache as well. I wake up in the morning and I ache. That's why I've done my bloody back, I didn't stretch because it aches to stretch. Do you know what I look forward to? Death. Oh, save me some wine. It numbs the pain. Day Four. Big Brother has set the housemates a task.</i> The housemates must rank themselves in order of fame.</i> With one being the most famous and eight being the least famous. I've worked hard. What have you done, dropped your knickers? OK, all right, but at least I'm on the way up. My fans are watching so I should be here. I've been famous for ten years, you've been famous for ten minutes. - I've been in this business 50 years. - Granddad's talking now. Never mind about Granddad. Spit it out. I had two programmes in the top 5, Give Us A Clue and Name That Tune. When have you been on the telly? Everybody who watched are in homes. Look, I don't care if Lionel wants to go number one... I'll swap with Lionel but I'm not swapping with her. I don't mind, I mean, all I say is, my show was getting seven million every week on BBC One. Everyone shouts my catchphrases. Even four-year-olds shout my catchphrase. Four-year-olds shout my catchphrase. They're five now but that's not the point... I'm sorry, mate, you're a reality winner...</i> Hold on, hold on, hold on a second.</i> Actually, you didn't even win. Out of 75,000... My son's murder was on the news at ten... And I met Gordon Brown. He paid for me to come up to London and everything. Still, it must have been a terrible time. It was an absolute tragedy. It was number one, this. Shoulders everybody. Andy has come to the Diary Room. I don't know why I did this. I just don't... What is this? This is a blip, is this a blip? Is this a blip in my life? Will I do something embarrassing? I don't know. I don't know what's the best that can happen. I know what the worst is but I don't know what the best isthat can happen. Is there anything you miss on the outside world?</i> Loads of stuff. The housemates are talking about fame.</i> When did you first realise you wanted to be famous? - Me? - Yeah. I didn't think l did just want to become famous. I thought I wanted something... But I do, just want to be famous, why else would I put myself here with a load of other desperate people. What? I'm not desperate. - No? - No. I'm doing this to broaden my career. I want to be a serious journalist. Yesterday, June, you spent 20 minutes making porridge in high heels and a thong. So? I don't think Katie Curric started out like that. Who? - Good luck with the Pulitzer. - Are you patronising me? I'm not having a go. I'm saying we must be desperate. Why else would we come onto a show where you have to hand in your dignity at the door? I haven't handed in my dignity. I'm not gonna get married for a while but if I did get married,</i> I would definitely let someone pay for it,</i> because a decent wedding is going to cost about 50 grand.</i> I'd let Hello pay. And, apparently, they pay you for every celebrity you get along.</i> - You'd come, you're worth a few quid. - Definitely. Would you come to my Hello wedding? To your Hello wedding? Are you all right? What are we doing? Selling ourselves, selling everything. Happiest day of my life? Oh, quick. I'd better do the invites and bake a cake. Must have a press tent, it's a wedding. I must see pictures of myself with other people I'm in a programme with. Now I'm pregnant, we must televise the birth. Get Ryan Seacrest to present it, maybe it'll make E channel's 100 Greatest Caesareans. I'm not having a go at you, I'm sick of these celebrities living their life out in the open all the time. Why would you do that? It's like these pop stars who choose the perfect moment to go into rehab, they call their publicists before they call a taxi, then they do their second autobiography, "Love Me Or I'll Kill Myself". Kill yourself, then. And the papers lap it up. They follow us round and that makes people think we're important and that makes us think we're important. If they stopped doing that, people wouldn't take to the streets going, "I need a picture of Cameron Diaz with a pimple." They wouldn't care, they'd get on with something else. They'd get on with their lives. You open a paper, see a picture of Lindsay Lohan getting out of a car and the headline is, "Cover Up Lindsay, We Can See Your Knickers." Of course! Your photographer's lying in the road with his camera up her dress. You're literally the gutter press. And fuck you, the makers of this show as well,</i> you can't wash your hands of this, you can't keep going, "It's exploitation but it's what the public want." No. The Victorian freak show never went away, now it's called Big Brother or American Idol. We're in the preliminary rounds, we wheel out the bewildered to be sniggered at by multi-millionaires. And fuck you for watching this at home. Shame on you. And shame on me. I'm the worst of all, cos I'm one of these people that goes, "I'm an entertainer, it's in my blood." Yeah, it's in my blood because a real job is too hard. I'd love to have been a doctor. Too hard, didn't want to put the work in. I'd love to be a war hero but I'm too scared. So I go, "Oh, it's what I do," and I have someone bollocked if my cappuccino's cold,</i> or if they look at me the wrong way. Do you know what a friend of mine once said?</i> That I'll never be happy because I'll never be famous enough,</i> and they were right. And if you are watching this, I am so sorry.</i> You're my best friend, you're my only friend...</i> And you never did anything wrong, it was everything else. I'll never do that again, I'll never treat you like that again.</i> And it's eating me up. You asked me a stupid question once</i> I could've answered it and I didn't,</i> because I was... I'll answer it now. I'd be the penguin. Cos I could eat the flying fish. I know what you're thinking, why doesn't the fish fly away?</i> Well, it can't really fly, it sort of glide and flap.</i> They should be called glidey flappy fish.</i> I am so sorry. I've been waiting to hear that, mate... - I don't think he means... - He's a good guy. I'm going to go now, cheers everyone. Andy. That was amazing. - Cheers. - I'm gonna come with you. Just give me 5 minutes, there's paparazzi, I'll put on a bikini. Andy's through there. Seriously, mate, you are a fucking genius. Where did that come from? Have you seen the mob out there? It's gone mad! The phone's been going mental, I've had calls from the papers, all the chat shows... We can charge a fortune for this. Well done, mate. Elton john wants you to be seen at one of his 60th birthday parties. He's 61 now, isn't he? He's got a lot of parties to get through, still on the 60th ones. Posh and Becks are being photographed on a private beach "against their will" and wondered if you wanted to be there. When you go through there, don't say too much. We wanna be able to sell your story. Just a few words, then in the car. I've got you a hotel suite. Let's get down there, and assess our options, but seriously, mate, the world is your oyster. You ready? Let me say a few words, then I'll bring you out. Hello. Sorry for keeping you waiting. Andy's been through a lot so he won't be answering many questions now, there will be a chance for that at a later stage.</i> Get your cheque books open. All right so, ladies and gentleman... Andy Millman. Oh, he's a deaf bugger. Hello. - You all right? - Yeah. I saw you on the telly. Did you? Good. Where are we going? Somewhere where no-one cares who I am. Back to the Ivy then? Seriously, somewhere where no-one knows me. - Hollywood? - The hits keep coming. What do you want me to tell them? They've been sitting for three hours! "Oh, sorry, we lost him"? Move, fucking find him. Seriously, where do you want to go? What, can I go anywhere? All right then. Where do the flying fish live? - In the sea. - Let's go there, then. Two first class tickets