It's okay, I promise. They're gonna welcome us on Gemenon. I'm sorry. I thought I knew my friends. But I guess I was wrong. - It's god's will. - What? Lacy, it's me. It's okay. You can take a good look.</i> Zoe's original program was destroyed when he put me in here. So at least he won't be putting any more of me in more robots. I'm Zoe... And the avatar and the robot. Like some kind of <i>whatchacallit</i>, three-parter.</i> Trinity. That's what you are. I lost my daughter. Me too. Graystone says he can bring my daughter back. But can I trust him? Our daughters... They're gone. But... What if they could come back? Mr. Joseph Adama is at the main gate requesting entry. Denied. My daughter died in the maglev bombing, but she continues to exist in the virtual world. You're an avatar, a virtual representation of Zoe. Went back in to iron out some of the kinks, - and her avatar was gone. - You know Tamara's gone? It makes sense that they would disappear at the same time. Family is more important than the law. It's all about control and power. Come on. Let him cuff you, Willie. It's okay. So what are you doing, running a criminal school? How could my daughter have set off a bomb? You know you can't search here. My husband does defense work. Just here to ask a question. It's about Ben Stark. He was your daughter's boyfriend. A group known as Soldiers of the One is responsible for the bombing.</i> My daughter died in the bombing of train number 23. My daughter was part of the Soldiers of the One. My daughter was a terrorist! Amanda Graystone's shocking revelation that her own daughter may have...</i> There are apparently hackers out there</i> who are working on a virtual game version of the bombing. I didn't have any classes with her, she could be a terrorist, it's scary.</i> Into holobanding, but I don't want to support Graystone...</i> Is it true that the hospital has asked you to leave? Do you have a minute? Do you think that you'll be fired? - I wasn't fired. I resigned. - So you quit. Do you think the publicity has hurt the hospital's image? Tell your side of the story, - let people hear the truth. - You're not interested in the truth. You just want to destroy me and the memory of my... Get out of my way. Someone in the crowd has just thrown something at Amanda Graystone. We're not hurt. I'm okay. I'm okay. What? Did I get you with that? So sorry. Be careful, Lacy. You might get hurt. Like... Like all the people on that train. Big news in the publishing world today. Daniel Graystone is revising his autobiography. A lot of you know it as "the man who could see the future". It is now going to be titled, "I didn't see that coming". That blind side. That's pretty good sparring, though. - Did you catch any TV last night? - I hate TV. Sarno's having a field day. It's not just him. Other pundits are weighing in... Scandals are sunburn, Cyrus. They fade. Or they give you cancer. Point is, Sarno's making public opinion, and everyone in the twelve worlds is watching. - I know a woman. - That's nice. Priyah Magnus. Best P.R. Person on Sagitarum, looking to make a move to Caprica. We never replaced Karkov in that job... I hate TV, and I hate PR! You think you do, but you don't. You already play the game. - All right, thank you, Brad. - I'm done. What? Why else would you come to this rat hole... Instead of the big, beautiful, and expensive gym down at the lab? Why? You want to look like a man of the people. I come to this rat hole because I like it here. I know what your woman's gonna say. She's gonna want me to go on the Sarno show and debase myself trying to win public sympathy by telling charmingly self-deprecating anecdotes, turn my family pain into a plus. Forget it. We're a long way from turning this into a plus. We're trying to keep this from blowing up in our faces. Sorry. Poor choice of words. I meant we're taking a real beating out there. - Have you seen our stock prices? - I'm not doing P.R. Kha-riss. Kalil. Taurons are terrible drivers. Did you know that? - Take the car... - Come on. All right, easy. Take it easy. Look, if it's money... I don't want your frakking... You got balls, I'll give you that. It's Adama now. I see you've met my brother. Pleased to meet you. Now... hang on. Let's... Can we talk? Sure. I like to talk... Like about my niece, Tamara. But she's dead. She's dead 'cause you raised a terrorist, and I frakkin' hate terrorists. I want to see Tamara again. Take me to that room and let me see my daughter. I told you, she's... gone. You said you think she's gone. She's not. I'd feel it. I'd feel it! Get up. Come here. After I see Tamara, I want to see my wife. What? That's right. Make an avatar. We talked about this before, remember? I cannot make... Another avatar. No matter how many bones you break, the program is gone. It was my daughter's... And it died with her. Let's say I believe you. But Tamara... She exists. I know she exists. I'm gonna call on you again. And next time... Pick up the phone, big shot. Learn to drive yourself. Can't trust anyone these days. -= Lords Of Kobol: Before The Fall =- for La Fabrique The Reigns of a Waterfall (1.00) - What's that? - Burritos. - What does that say? - The time. Says I was hungry 20 minutes ago. Know what else it says? Go away. You lost, kid? You look lost. You look like you're a funny guy. Grabbed plex right off the street. Frakking badgers. Virgans could frak their wives right in front of the cops, and they'd throw us in jail for it. - Probably. - I been in jail. - What's he talkin' about? - That pinch for the window. You're so cute! Your nephew says he's done time. Kid goes through a revolving door at the station. Now he's a hardback. Watch out. Get your hair cut. Later, tough guy. - What are you doin' here? - Helping. You always go to school first thing, all right? You wait for them to take attendance, then you skip. So what, you want me to go back now? Once you start in a direction, it's best to just keep going. All right, this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna call in. Gonna tell them that it's a Tauron day of devotion to Mars. Your school's got too few Taurons to figure out that it's skor, right? Then you stick around here till 3:00, and then I take you home. Welcome back, Daniel. There are 53 stored broadcast mentions of your name today.</i> Play in order. Following the revelation that his daughter was involved in the bombing</i> but that several players have asked to be traded.</i> It's a shame to see something like this affect the game, Abasi.</i> It might be time for him to step away from playing an active role in... Stop. Cancel automatic recording. Erase stored material. You're injured. Do you need assistance?</i> There's a first-aid kit in the lab, right?</i> So he's in courtroom B-7, but it's a confidential hearing. You'll have to wait outside. And did he say what it was about? All he said was that if Adams isn't waiting outside my courtroom when I open that door, I'm issuing a bench warrant, and I guarantee he won't make bail before the weekend. - And you have no idea. - You're caught up on everything. Motions are filed. Declarations in order. And the special delivery? First priority and on time, as always. Then what the frak? I don't know. But he was pissed. Good luck. Evelyn, do you think maybe this one last time you could... I'll get you coffee, like you promised I'd never have to do again after the first year, the second year, and the third. I know. I'll get it. Thanks. I love those shoes. Thanks. Zoe used to sit here with me in the afternoon sometimes. - Thank you. - She called it her sanctuary. Can I have some sugar? We need to be very careful now... the bombing, Amanda Graystone's confession, Zoe's name... We could all start to look very guilty. But we're not. We weren't involved in any of that stuff. Do you have any lemon? People will be trying to link us to what's happened. You were Zoe's friend, and I was her confessor. She told me everything that was in her heart, her most intimate desires, her deepest fears... Right here in this room. Sorry, but do you have a spoon? I can be your confessor as well, Lacy. Hear your worries, your concerns. Share your burdens. I should go. I have astronomy tutoring now. Got a problem with my stars. Babe, are you here? Gods, what happened? Someone hit you? Someone threw a bottle at me. It hit a frakking reporter, though. But this looks bad. What happened? I ran into someone else who lost a child on that train. We didn't exactly bond. What are you doing? - No stitches. - It's just glue. - Just to hold that together. - No thank you, sweetheart. There won't be a scar. But you're gonna have some very cool bruises. - It hurts. - I know. Stop squirming. You're worse than Zoe. - I know what you're thinking. - I didn't say anything. You don't have to. I know. I just wish you'd thought about the consequences - of saying that in public. - I was in shock. Can you imagine what it's like to stand in front of that woman and find out that Zoe had been sleeping with her son for almost a year? - They were not sleep... - Please! Look, my point is, you make this claim about her being a terrorist - to the twelve worlds... - It's not a claim. It's the truth! She joined a terrorist group. She held a bomb in her hands. She stepped onto a crowded train. She triggered the bomb and ended her life and the life of all those other people. We have no idea what actually happened on that train. We have no idea who did what or who didn't do what. It's the truth. It's the truth. You know it. I know. I know. But not everything true needs to be announced to the worlds on television! I just did it! I didn't know what I was saying! It just happened. I'm sorry! - You'd do it again? - Yes, I would! I'm sorry. You drive me crazy. Let me bind that wound for you. - Come here. - No. Not a chance. - You don't trust me. - No. I'll end up with my nose glued to my ear. Are you kidding me? Could be interesting. How about a good frak? I need to be close to you right now. This might not be my best morning for it. I'll be gentle. I promise. "Terror confession"? - I like the sound of that. - Don't get too excited. She probably just scared off everyone else in her daughter's cell. - Good day, sir. - Good day, sir. - Heads up. - Sir. Got her to go public? I don't know. I saw her talking to Mrs. Stark. Trouble. Director. I found this labeled "Starke" with an "e"... Instead of "Stark" with no "e." You want to explain to me what you were doing riding your bike</i> at 10:00 at night? Frak. I stayed late after school. I just totally forgot about the curfew.</i> What about the wires and the detonators that we found in your bag?</i> These are for model rockets. That's why I was staying late after school. Model-rocket club.</i> - <i>Look, can I leave, please?</i> - <i>Just wait here.</i> Were you incompetent when you misspelled his name, when you let him walk out of here, or when you failed to destroy this tape? Sir, I don't even remember that interview. Even better. We pulled in lots of kids for curfew violations. That's the kind of crap that we were saddled with before the bombing. She let him walk out of here with a pat on the bottom, an apology, and a book bag full of wires. The time stamp on the tape says it was a year ago, most likely before there was any kind of plan, of intent. And I'm sure that's how they're gonna spin it in the press. Guys... Just be better. Frak me! I can't believe I had him. I don't even remember anything about him. Time to be better. Starting with? How do you think people would react if they knew that terror mom's house hadn't been searched because of bureaucratic red tape? I don't think they'd be very happy. I don't either. Helen. Caprica tribune, please. You're here. Good. - We're walking. - Your honor. Plexico Amarcord. He's my client. You're willing to let him stand trial? Let him take his chances in front of a jury? I think there seems to be a mistake. My office assured me that, a delivery was made to you... At the usual place. You mean like not talking to me face-to-face? Like leaving money in some frakking drop like I was one of your frakking low-life clients picking up a skim? It's not like that. - We talked about it Amarcord. - We never talked about Amarcord. Never. The deal is you talk to me face-to-face every time. You have to ask for these favors. You don't just assume they'll be granted and then drop your money like you take me for granted! I'm sorry. - I thought we talked about him. - You thought. You're getting sloppy. Your head's not in the game anymore, Adams. It's Adama now, sir. I don't give a frak what it is! This'll cost you double the usual. Double? And I know the Guatrau won't like that, so it'll be coming out of your pocket. See you in court, Adams. Ta-frakking-da! My god, you have a body! I figured out how to hook the holoband to me... Well, to the robot. I never thought I would be so happy to just be back here, back in my own virtual skin. I know it's not real, but... I guess it never really was. Can you come here anytime you like? I'm gonna rig it so... When the robot isn't doing something, I should be able to use a wireless connection to virtual space. But can you stay? Can you just live here like this as an avatar again? God, I wish I could. The things that I have to see in that robot body. Where are we? This is where I hacked in. Some little virtual room daddy created for some reason. He probably wouldn't bother with a whole new grid, so... It's gonna be shared code with the rest of V-world. It's gonna show up as a door. Where are you? Are you in a safe place? Outside my house. Listen, school's getting hard. Sister Clarice is fishing, acting weird. I think she wants to know if you exist. She doesn't even care that Zoe died. All she wants to do is find me and use me for whatever her plan is. But wasn't that Zoe's plan too? If Zoe and Clarice were working together maybe we should let her know about you. Zoe didn't trust Clarice, for some reason, and I think we have to go with that. I keep thinking how Zoe never showed me to her, how Zoe didn't give her access to the computer account, to the program. I found it... I think. Can you help me? Who are you? My name's Tamara Adams. I'm Zoe. This is Lacy. Are you all right? If this is a dream... I think it's too long. I can't feel my heart beating, and that's freaking me out right now. But there's nothing I can do about it. I don't think this is a dream. How did you get here? I don't know. I don't remember where I was before this. Hold on. Your dad, Zoe's dad, has this girl in his private virtual space? I guess. She's... pure avatar, right? Something he invented? Must be. If she was an avatar of an actual someone, they'd just take off their band. Look... This is a door, all right? We'll all go through here and escape, okay? Come on, you'll be free. Can you be free if you're not real? I hope so. ... Graystone, seen here in a school photo.</i> The GDD has released MagLev security-camera footage</i> that places her with suspected terrorist Ben...</i> Graystone stock has been in a freefall since Amanda Graystone's confession... Protests continue to grow, as we see here from our...</i> ... controversy surrounding the Bucs. Tonight's game is gonna be a real test.</i> The God of the underworld very quickly issued a statement, saying he's still ahead of the Graystones.</i> So... It's spiking his ratings, and it's putting him on the home page of every site in the twelve worlds. But he's running a big risk too. He's making jokes about a terrorist attack, for the Gods' sake. We could generate some outrage at that. I'm glad we're not talking about Baxter Sarno. More than half of college-aged viewers say they get their news from Sarno. - That's so sad. - The good news... is that it's a two-way street, and we can use him to reach those same people. Not interested. Plums, anyone? They're fresh. Dr. Graystone, I understand your reluctance, but as a P.R. Tactic, going on Sarno works. Remember that actor that got busted for drugs? Which one? They all go on there, charm the colonies and everything's swell. But I also remember when the Commerce Minister went on, and Sarno ripped him a new one. The man is anti-corporation. He'd love nothing more than to get me in his chair. - You asked for my advice. - Actually, he did. It's the brand. It's becoming associated with terrorism, and that's not something we can let sink in. Sarno is all but saying it was the Holoband that made her do it. Please. - Some are picking up on that idea. - Ridiculous! The band is benign. There's the press release. "The band is benign." Problem solved. You don't want a logical appeal. It has to be emotional. You have to make people care. And say, "yes," "Zoe was involved in some way in the tragedy. "She was a troubled girl. She got mixed up with the wrong people." And the thing we want to nail down is, no one has to worry about their kids doing what Zoe did. Say that a million times, "she wasn't a normal kid." She was a normal kid. You know what I mean. She was in the S.T.O. I will not go and drag my daughter's memory into the publicity machine. No matter what my wife said, no matter what's true, I'm not going on television to say that my daughter was a terrorist. Or troubled. She was my girl. Serge, show these lovely people the way out. Are you okay? - Where are we? - It's called the V-Club. Are there doors to the outside? There are doors to everything. All shared code shows up as a doorway. Some rooms have a million doors. It doesn't have to make physical sense. I need to get outside. The air will wake me up. You want me to come with you? Until you feel comfortable. Zoe, we don't know how much time you have. - I'm just not gonna abandon her. - This is crazy! I don't need your help! It's okay. I can find my own way home Are you sure? I'm okay. Thank you. You're welcome. I have someone for you to find, Keon Gatwick. - Who's that? - Ben's best friend. They were close. Ben knew everything about the plan to get to Gemenon, so Keon knows everything too. Find out how they're gonna get to the safe house on Gemenon so we can follow their plan. You're going to Gemenon. Zoe said I had a purpose on Gemenon. God wants me there. She was gonna bring me there, and I was gonna be something special. What if... What if the purpose is bad? Zoe said my purpose was wonderful, so it is. You have to take me there in the robot body. Somehow the chip and the body are working together to make me. Do you realize you are 6 feet tall and you weigh a ton? Please. I need to know I can count on you to do this. I need to know that you're gonna get me to Gemenon. You chickened out once, Lacy. - I was scared. - You can't be scared now. God, if I had gotten on that train, I would be dead. She is dead... And I am all that is left of her. If you're my friend, you'd do this. You were told not to contact us. I've made progress. I thought you should know. Progress? I'm getting closer to finding the Zoe Graystone avatar. And lost control in the process, causing us a premature explosion</i> that's brought retribution on our heads.</i> My life is dedicated to serving Soldiers of The One. And the Zoe Graystone avatar is gonna help the Soldiers to serve the Lord through apotheosis. Or do you deny that prophecy? Not everyone shares your view of apotheosis.</i> Your search for this avatar is putting us at risk.</i> I'll not abandon God's plan. I know that Zoe Graystone was beloved of God... And that she was given the spark of life itself, and that was her gift to all of us, and it will save all of us. For your sake, I hope you're right, Clarice.</i> Work quickly. I can throw you off. My knees are pointy and fast and hard. You're STO, so why are you giving me such a hard time? I'm not STO. Try again. You're too stupid to think of a good reason that's not a real reason, so let's hear it. I'm STO. If anyone finds out I'm going to the meetings, I'm in big trouble. And it was just meetings. It was just me and Ben, and Pann, and Hypolita and... I mean, without Ben, it's not anything anymore, so... Clarice isn't running it? Sister Clarice? What are you talking... Forget it. Forget it. Look... I made a promise to Zoe before she died. I need to get something to Gemenon, something secret. It's for Zoe. I'm really sorry... About your friend. And... Everything. So maybe you could get off me now. Zoe was my best friend, Kenon. I made a promise. I'll see what I can do. - Have you seen her? Talked to her? - I haven't. I just checked the computer to be sure the avatar was still there. And she's there, right? As of three hours ago, she was, yes. Shall we? She should be here. How big is this room? That question doesn't really have any meaning... Don't give me techno talk! Just help me find my daughter. I'll be back in a minute. Baby! I don't know what happened. I just checked the computer back in the real world, and now it's... It's only detecting two avatars... Yours and mine. She's gone. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You said she was there. I thought she was. I was wrong. The computer must have registered an underwritten backup file from her avatar, like a ghost image. It happens. Tamara's... Really gone? I'm afraid so. If only I hadn't seen her. I know. If you didn't bring her back... I know. I know, I'm sorry. But we can't save them. I'm sorry. First reported on the</i> Caprica Tribune website, news that bureaucratic red tape is holding up investigators</i> from executing a search warrant on the Graystone residence</i> is causing yet another round of unwanted publicity for Graystone Industries.</i> Stocks took yet another dive in after-hours trading on Scorpia,</i> bringing Graystone to a new year... Now, that... Is good police work. Her idea. Really? It brings you halfway back. So we get the warrants? I have three messages from the Justice Minister already. She's out judge-shopping. You'll have it first thing tomorrow. Make it count. Find something at Graystone's house. What could have possibly led this affluent teenager</i> into becoming a terrorist? ... dismissal from Caprica General Hospital.</i> Amanda Graystone was attacked by protestors...</i> Now, the hospital is refusing to confirm the resignation,</i> leaving some to speculate that Dr. Graystone...</i> Graystone industries stock continues to slip.</i> Analysts are starting to be concerned about Graystone industries'</i> scheduled loan payments... Almost 2 billion cubits it owes to the Twelve Colony Banking Consortium.</i> That's right, Erin. Industry analysts say</i> that the drop in value of Graystone stock of nearly 25%</i> is due to fearism and outright default on these loans.</i> The stock fell 18 points to an all-time low...</i> Have Priyah book me on Sarno tomorrow. What happened? Just get it done. Looks like this company is going to be a sell</i> for the foreseeable future, unless something drastic happens to change the situation.</i> Order, nature, strength, love. Why's Jupiter bigger? Because your dad's a lawyer. So order is the most important thing in his home. At our place, Mars is like three times the size of the others. It's 'cause, lucky me, I married a tough guy. Why didn't you guys ever have kids? Like pick out an orphan, like you and dad were. Maybe if I change jobs. Life I have now is not so good for kids. It's not so good for grown-ups. You know all you do is skhet-lee-ah-dzane. Then why do you love me so desperately? I got issues. I was expecting you hours ago. Can I talk to you, Sam? What's up? Daniel Graystone