Spoofed to imitate a call stream like it's a phone company switch. We can put any digits in we want. Meanwhile, phone company paperwork on the case has the cell we gave to Sydnor. It's fairly basic shit. Now, stick to the script. We don't want any tell-tales. Even with the voice modulator, you're exposed here. Seven-baker-fourteen. Bga, go ahead fourteen. Fourteen. I got a vehicle blocking an entrance.</i> Four hundred pressman. What the-- Oh, shit. - Templeton. - Hey, you-- Where do you get off, you sick little twist? Sexual? I'm not sexual with them. I'm not abusive with them. How dare you write that in your paper without knowing nothing about me-- - What? - Biting's not sex, it's biting. I'm not sick like that. Hang on-- Hang on, hang on. Maybe I should come bite you. Would you like that, Scotty? I bet you would like that. Am I right? You write about me like I'm sick. You're the sick one, you know that?</i> Is that why you like me, Scotty? Is that why? Fuck me-- Yeah, this is holley, Baltimore homicide. I need a trap-and-trace on case oh-eight, h-one-fourteen. Cell phone is in use right now. I could come bite you; you tell me how sexual it is.</i> Okay, hang on. Who, where are you-- Here's what's happening now. You humiliate me like that? You mortify me like that in front of my father? My father's father? Listen to me, smack daddy, crack daddy,</i> little baby whack daddy, Here's what's happening. You ain't never going to find them anymore. You ait never gonna see them no more. I'm sending you something right now. You take a good look at this guy, because you ain't never going to see him no more.</i> Hey, okay. Don't hang up. Can we-- Oh, shit. - Did you get Mcnulty? - Just his voicemail. Oh, Christ. That was-- That was him. Again! Nice bawlmer accent. It's my heritage. Has traced the phone in question to pier five on pratt street.</i> All units respond to that twenty and detain anyone present</i> pending the arrival of a duty officer.</i> One-baker-ten, copy that. I'm rolling.</i> One-ker-thirteen, I'm almost there.</i> Kga to all units. Be advised that we're looking</i> for a ten-thirty individual on a cell phone.</i> Anyone on a phone? Not that I saw. Just some people moving through, but it could be anybody. - Let's just fan out and take names. - Go down this road. Get their names over there. - Get everybody up in this area now. - Stop. What the hell is this? - Let go of me. - Get on the ground now. Get your hands up! Step out! Get everody over there and get their cell phones. I need everyone to take out your cell phones and place them on the table in front of you. He didn't do anything. What are you doing? Sarge, we got him. - Bullshit. - I got him on tape. - The goof actually called. - Yeah, yeah, it was sweet-- Hey, what'd I miss? He went off on a tangent. Said he wanted to bite me. - What? - Bite you how? {\Scott, }Are you saying that he threatened to-- Wait a minute. Hold on a second. Holy Christ. - So are we partners or what? - No, Clay. I don't pick so much as a single juror without a full amount of my fee being paid. If you want Billy Murphy on your case, you got to pay to put him there. I got a taste for you right up front. A good, five-figure taste. But you asking for me to pay a winner's fee right up front, and you know what? I ain't a winner yet. Right now, with the sword hanging over my head, I don't have the kind of financial support at my disposal that I would ordinarily be able to rely upon, you feel? So the money boys are laying off{\, huh}? Oh, they thinkin' short when they should be thinkin' long. Shameful shit. 25,000, 25,000 more when you seat a jury. I don't work that way. I know you don't, partner, I know you don't. And normally, I wouldn't dream of asking you to suit up for game day with my tab, as it is. 200,000 when I get you out from under this mess. And Clay, don't fuck me. Don't even think about fucking me out of a single part of that fee. Oh, Billy, you talk as if you don't know me. I'm disappointed. I am. My brother, let's be fair. I'm providing you with the opportunity to go head to head with the state's attorney in a case that's gonna be front page news. For all that profile? Sheet, partner, you should be payin' me a fee. Seriously, dawg, for 20,000 cash to my campaign committee, I'll get myself indicted federal, let you go to trial on that. Beat the feds like a stepchild, an' really make a name for yourself. Fuck you? Naw, son, I'm gonna make you. Motherfuckers gonna be wipin' they ass with Johnnie Cochran's memory, and carryin' your business card in every damn pocket before we done. No. I already got more rep than any lawyer would ever nee why don't you save that silver-tongued bullshit for the jury? Right. No, nothing since. Alright. Me, Barlow and Kincaid been sittin' here like the fucking maytag repairmen, growing piles. - Nothing, not a call. Then, bang. - No luck at the harbor. We were tracking the G.P.S. then it just goes dead. Area of pier five. - Where's Mcnulty right now? - He's over at the newspaper. Let's hear that motherfucker again. Hey, you-- Where do you get off, you sick little twist?</i> Sounds like some gearhead from dundalk. And emotionally, how was he? - He sounded pissed. - At you, personally? Like I told you, he said I humiliated him by writing that the biting was sexual. At the end, he offered to come here and bite me. I didn't really respond to that. - Did he sound like the same guy? - What do you mean? Did it sound like the same voice you heard on the first call? Right. Yeah. No, actually. Yeah. I mean, yeah. It was the same, but this time I noticed he had a real thick bawlmer accent. Real thick. You didn't notice that theirst time, huh? I guess I did, but I forgot. - Did I screw up in any way? - No. Not at all. Listen, we reserve the right to make this decision, but that said, would running these photos in any way impair the investigation? I don't think so. Fact is, we need as many eyes as we can looking for this homeless guy. - You don't know where is guy is, huh? - He could be-- Could already be a victim, sure. Jesus. That's Charles and Conway. I wonder if he's a regular out there. He had to have used a different phone{\though}. Had to be{\have been} a cell phone if he sent you these. That's true. But... again, you can't print anything about where he's calling from. We're trying to get up on that cell phone. What should I do if he calls again? Keep him on the line as long as you can. Don't spook him. Guy likes to rant. Let him do his thing. You okay? - Me? - Yeah, I guess. I wouldn't worry; he's just using you. He needs you. I kind of resent that, actually. I dunno. It's workin' out pretty well for both of you, right? Gentlemen-- Thanks for these. Callin' Vincent on his cell all morning, he still ain't answer. Ain't got time for this. Re-up time will come due, we still ain't picked up the mannitol. What the fuck? Yo, Vincent. Where you at? Manny? Shit. - Omar. - Why you still alive then? He say tell Marlo he out in the streets, waitin'. Say this whole damn city gonna know Marlo ain't man enough to come down in the streets. - He get the stash? - Yo, Cherry. He blew Manny up as soon as he got inside. He was gonna do me, too. How the fuck he get inside? Manny open up to go on the food run, an' this dicksucker was right there. He knew we was the stash. Ain't need to be told shit. He just knew. Four key of raw; flushed. Hey, yo, Cherry. You gonna untie me, right? C'mon, nigga, untie me-- Seriously, Steven. If you can't afford it, that's fine, I understand. And if you think this clown is gonna hold me off and keep the statehouse, {\then }I know you have to hedge your bets given how much you're waiting on fm Annapolis. {\But }If you're gonna choose a side on this thing, please, do it early. - That's all I'm saying. - <i>I hear ya, Tom</i>. You know what, I'm going to write out a check today, and send it out the door.</i> That's great, Steven; really, I do appreciate it. Can you... Can I ask you to consider-- I'll double down on that for my wife, too.</i> For your wife, too. That's just great, really. Yeah. Thanks for going the extra mile on this. No problem, Tom. Photographs? He messaged digital photos of the possible victim to the <i>Sun</i> reporter. I've canvassed this guy's regular corner, and he has indeed been missing a couple days. We got these photos from the newspaper, but we want to be able to intercept {\any }future images-- Hence the amended order. Correct. Can we catch photos with our city equipment? Actually, no. We're still bumping around in the 20th century. But Howard County has the right software on a couple of their computers. You need two? Yeah, in case one computer goes down, we got the other one as back-up. We don't wanna Miss our shot at this nut. Well, good hunting. Thank you, judge. Oh, Ronnie. You briefed your boss? And he's calling the Mayor, right? And Rawls too, I imagine. Pretty little fella gets himself elected on a law and order ticket. Crime doesn't go down much, and then, a couple weeks before he starts gearing up to announce for governor, some wingnut starts killing people, taking photographs, sending 'em to the newspaper. You know something? You may wanna check the Governor's alibi. You know? Thanks. You couldn't make thirty? Twenty? Ninety-two. I'm gonna tell you something. There are a lot of people who want Tommy Carcetti to be their fuckin' Governor. And I can't imagine what they're thinking. Ninety-two, Norman, in a single morning. It is a new record. The motherfucker killing homeless guys? He grabbed one{\ off the street}, wrapped a ribbon on his wrist, sent a photo to the <i>Baltimore Sun</i>, saying we won't find the body. He--what? The newspaper's gonna run the photos. Bill Rawls. I need him on the line now. * you rascal you * I'll be glad when you're dead, you rascal you * Look at ya, ya baby-bumpin' motherfucker. Look at you. Let's go. Deputy wants as much of my squad as I can wrangle upstairs right now. We're going large Richard on Mcnulty's serial killer. I'm working my cases. Bunk, command performance. The deputy wants bodies. The Mayor's spewing over this thing. I'm not going. What? You don't see those on my sleeve? - Plain as fuckin' day, Bunk. - I'm doing police work here. In fact, I have a fresh angle on last year's Major case, on which I'm the sole remaining investigator. So fuck your stripes and fuck Mcnulty, and fuck your big-dick red ball. If you can't work with that, then just write me the fuck up, and ship my ass to a trial board. So, for starters, Alma stays with the investigation, and detectives downtown. You don't go home without checking for updates before the e-dot and double-dot editions. So the case file is Mcnulty, with the rest of his squad as immediate support. Lieutenant d'Addario's shift will man the wiretap. In addition to Alma and Scott, Olesker will have a column coming. Fletcher, I want you on homeless react, also interviews with advocates and experts talking up the problem. Melody, you get on the phone with the whitecoats at Clifton T. Perkins or wherever, and work up a sidebar on what it means when a whackjob kills somebody and wants to talk to reporters about it. Greg, I've been scanning the casework, and I note that while there have been numerous field interviews and canvasses; we haven't done much with background work on victims and families. If you could take charge of that-- Colonel Tomlin, we're going to need tactical to provide surveillance cars and undercover decoys where the homeless gather. We need to be in the street, proactive. This case is as much about preventing another abduction or murder as it is about making an arrest-- Thing is, we can't work this one with the phone. We need to be in the street, at eye level-- We need to keep the media as part of the equation. This reporter that's been contacted-- He's in the middle of it. That may be a way to solve this thing. You're in the middle this{\ now}, so while we're still going to present this as a first-person piece on your latest contact with the killer, Alma's still going to interview you for the mainbar. {\Now, }Mcnulty's preliminary checks with shelter workers, and a canvass of Conway and Charles, indicates that our victim is indeed missing, but when we get a full I.D., we need toun every connection to make sure this isn't a hoax. Chief, we're going to need to pull bodies from district ops to give homicide their own surveillance arm. And having had some experience in the politics of staffing, I leave it to Mcnulty to pick the people. For once, people, I am assured that the resources we need to work this story will be there for us. So let's surround this mess and report the hell out of it. This one's got legs. I am now told, by the Mayor directly, that there will be no overtime restrictions, no staffing limits on this case. So put this case down. Police work. Whaddaya know? Good day. Six g-packs so far. New package be droppin' them fiends. Yeah. Probably need one more re-up. Career day on the corner, hanh? Step off, nigga. Hey, Mike, check this out. "Certified hydrotherapist, "experience with geri-atric patients, - Sinai hospital outpatient clinic." - Jerry who? Whatever, how about this-- "dental front desk, high quality dental office seeks front desk." - What do they mean, like furniture? - Like a secretary, I guess. Man, you ain't even ever been to no dentist. "Huhvac maintenance supervisor." What the fuck is a huhvac? "H-V-A-C." Maybe they spelled it bad. "Systems manager in a deadline driven environment." Man, ain't nothing there. And even if there was, you ain't sixteen, and y'all got to pick up Bug after three-- Hang on-- "Exotic dancer, downtown financial district lunch time hours-- Must be flexible in body and mind." Now we talking-- Make it rain on 'em. Make it rain. - Hold up. - Time out. Fuck did I do? If we don't know, then you do. This is bullshit. Yo, don't forget about Bug. As this is an ongoing investigation, I'm going to ask that you direct questions to the police officials best equipped to answer. These new developments in the case of the homeless slayings in our city are troubling and tragic and unacceptable. We are now doing everything possible to locate and identify the individual depicted in the photographs sent to the "Baltimore Sun" today. We are endeavoring to protect other homeless citizens, and we are pursuing the suspect with every means at our disposal. I have made clear to my police commanders that they have my full confidence and the authority to employ whatever resources they require. And let mee unequivocal-- this man will be brought to justice. Thank you. Mr. Mayor-- Mr. Mayor-- Voice and digital photos. He calls again, you'll capture either one. I can do those background checks myself, - there's no need to-- - You heard the deputy. He specifically assigned Greggs. - Greggs has an open triple. - And this squad has your serial killer, - and the case is shit-hot. - I don't need-- You are the point man on the motherfucker who's now missing. You don't have time to be working backgrounds on the older cases. It goes to greggs; end of fucking story. Now... What else do you need? I'm gonna need those surveillance teams {\as this thing sprawls}, but for right now, let me pull his{\this guy's} I.D. as fast as I can, figure what he's about. {\And }After that, I'll have more to spin off. - Voice analysis of the call? - Shit, I don't believe in that shit. Next thing I know, you'll want me to go to {\fucking }Quantico with this fucking thing. As a matter of fact-- You don't believe in behavioral forensics, Dr. Moreland? I don't believe in much of anything at this point. {\Well, }It doesn't fucking matter what any of us believe at this point. You turned on the fuckin' tap, Jimmy. They're finally paying for police work again. Proud of yourselves? We're close to Marlo. A week or two at most. How does it feel getting Greggs pulled off her triple? How does it feel knowing that you got surveillance teams out there, and district units, and tactical-- All of 'em chasin' bullshit. We're gonna use the surveillance teams,{\ actually.} They're gonna help us bring in the case. I don't even want to know whose picture you got running in the paper, or where that motherfucker actually happens to be. Names and addresses; whater you got. Don't kill yourself. Shit. Don't worry, son. I got you covered on all this. Listen, one other thing. I'm getting' my kid for an overnight. Where do I get kid's furniture? Ikea. See y'all. Shame on y'all. I mean it. - <i>Trace lab.</i> - It's Moreland. You just called. I know, and I'm callin' again. I need the tracework on oh-six-h- two-seven-one, and I need it now. I know, he hasn't been around to it yet.</i> Well, tell him I called, and tell him I'm gonna keep calling until he feels my fucking pain, a-ight? Gift-wrapped. Number one. Fuck. How the fuck do they expect me to get this shit done on my own? Broke ass department ain't even payin'-- You okay? It's fucked up. It's all fucked up, okay? I could make a red go to black 'cept for these cheap motherfuckers-- Whaddaya got? Good snitch put the finger on an eyeball wit been duckin' me. He lays up at this one girl's place at Athol avenue, right? Comes in late, but he leaves early. - So? - So I don't mind sittin' on the place all night long an' not get paid. But it's a garden apartment. Parking lots on both sides, and if he decides to park on the street and walk across the grass, he still has the fucking patio doors. Two more men do it? Yeah, and two more cars, yeah. I got more bodies than I can use on my serial{\ thing}. Lemme make a call, hook you up with two tac guys. You tell 'em you're sitting on a twenty{\that} I gave you. I'll write up the hours under my file. And you can do that? Go with God. Can you make out who that is? Yeah. Look at you. Not even blinking. Not that I blame you after what this heinous motherfucker did to you. Still, this right here is vicious. Whoever did this had a real time; now you know what I'm saying? Now, I know it wasn't you because with all due respect, you don't have the physicality to do this kind of damage. I mean, whoever did this had to be a full-grown and powerful individual-- A fearsome individual-- You see what I'm sayin'? You the murder police. How the fuck would I know? - Is this spot good for a stand-up? - Let's go with a wide shot on this. ...say they are hopeful thathe renewed attention to their son's death a few years ago will lead police to-- Kinda formula, I know. Anecdotal lede, nut graf, best quote-- It works as a sidebar, but for tomorrow, let's stretch it some, huh? Really spend some time with some of these people, you know? What I mean is, sometimes, the weakest stuff in a story is the shit with quotation marks around it. You got a guy telling how rough it is on the street{\, it really} doesn't have much pull. But if you can describe him as he really is, tell his story in moments. Look, tomorrow, get back in the shelters, and the soup kitchens, and just be with folk. I don't even care if you file copy on it. {\I mean, }if something presents itself as a story, great, but if not, just spend the day being with people. I'm not interested in what can be quoted or counted on this one. I'm interested in what feels true. I'm in, thirty inches, with room for Price's stuff from the hall. - Scott? - Five minutes. - We're coming up on first edition. - Three minutes. We had him in that, what do you call it, - rehabilitation-- - Four times. We're not rich people. Henry's on disability. We get him out, he makes all kinds of promises, but, well, you know-- I'm sorry. The last time, we decided we wouldn't be there for him. We knew he'd probably die out there; if the drugs get him, we knew that. But this thing in the newspaper, this sex stuff. The biting or whatever. Nobody deserves that. You see what I have a problem with, right? The first-person is one thing. I know he needs to put himself in the story-- It's essential. But this business about him being out there day and night with the homeless-- this stuff about sharing their-- Quote, darkest corners with them, unquote-- He's writing more as an essayist. We've got a column from olesker, front metro. I mean, it's pretty powerful without being purple. But this stuff that Scott's written, it makes it sound like he's been living with the homeless for weeks. He spends one night under the J.F.X., another half day quoting people in a homeless shelter. It ain't exactly studs terkel. You don't think the piece should run as it is? We have him interviewed about the call from the killer in Alma's mainbar. We have his quotes. But the rest of this stuff, he's acting like he's taking his life in his hands, he walks another highway at night? This is our fucking city. This ain't Beirut. I respect your concerns. I'll take the piece and move it as my own edit. How's that? Okay. And while they declined to talk on camera,</i> the parents of Jonathan Boland say they are hopeful</i> that the renewed attention to their son's death a few yes ago</i> will lead police to his killer. For Channel Six News, I'm Patricia--</i> Media's going crazy. City hall, too. But for once, we're getting what we need to do the job. - How does it feel? - Forbidden. I feel like at any moment, they're gonna find out how much we're spending and shut us down. You don't have all this in your head yet? I just want to go over it all again. We finish voir dire by lunch, and then, it's opening arguments. For Mr. Bond. It's on him. He needs a strong second. He needs me to know this case inside and out. How much longer, Lester? If Marlo has a code, we can break the code. That's a given. How long? Depends on the code, doesn't it? Quicker we bring this in and shut it down, the safer we'll all be. I mean, Landsman wants me to go to fucking Quantico, let the F.B.I. do a profile. Might learn something about yourself. It's not funny, Lester. This shit's bigger than I ever thought it would be. The whole fuckin' city-- Yeah, Jay. I don't need an academy class to help with a canvass near this guy's corners. I don't need any additional canvassing. What? You wanna know why? I'll tell you why. Because I already know the name of the missing smokehound. Yeah, his name, his D.O.B. and his last known address at a city shelter. Lawrence Butler, 3/10/1951, 400 West street, south Baltimore men's shelter. How did you get all of that? How? Police work. When I have more leads, Sergeant, I'll be able to use the extra manpower you give me and run this shit down. But until then, will you back off, Jay? Yeah, just back the fuck off. Trouble with making this thing into a red ball? People started treating it like a fucking red ball. Jesus! Get me out of this, Lester. As fast as you can. Senator-- Senator, there have been rumors of a last minute plea offer. How can I plead to what I didn't do? - What're you reading there, Senator? - This here? "Prometheus bound," an ancient play, one of the oldest we have, about a simple man who was horrifically punished by the powers that be for the terrible crime of trying to bring light to the common people. In the words of Aeschylus, "no good deed goes unpunished." I cannot tell you how much consolation I find in these slim pages. - One more question-- - Ladies and gentlemen, I do believe I have my day in court and I will see you inside. City Hall wants an update. What do we know about our missing mope? What else? Sending a tape of the call down to Quantico, along with the case file. They'll review, then meet with us. You gotta hit every downtown shelter or mission there is-- - You want bodies for that? - I'm taking Christeson. The rookie? Yeah, he'll ask the extra question. He's hungry. He's-- I need more bodies, I'll let you know. Heard what you did with Christeson, letting him go on his own case, while you carry him and two surveillance teams. Your shit is right, Jimmy. Thanks. So I got another one for ya. You remember the rape-murder I had? Bolton hill job? Brother-in-law of my rapist-- Last year wouldn't talk to me, but now, his wife just got collared, and if she gets locked up, his kids go to family services, so he's desperate to deal. The problem is, he's in the new york system-- Elmira, Newburgh, one of those places. Anyway, I get a road car and expenses, I can put it down. He strangled a 20-year-old, stuffed her under her bed. Okay, give my C.C. to motor pool. I'll bury the expenses and the O.T. in my file. Thanks, brother. Ain't you the lil' king of diamonds. Homicide. Naw, he's on the street right now. Call back in a couple hours. On second thought, gonna have Norris with me on that canvass today, boss. And with every single transaction you've described, detective, the money was routed through the Senator's personal account and then withdrawn as cash-- - Yes, sir. - Often in the same amounts? Often the exact amounts, sometimes slightly smaller amounts, but always within a day of the initial deposit. Thank you, detective Freamon. Your Honor, no further questions. Cross examination, Mr. Murphy. No questions, Your Honor. You got a number? - What? - Number on a slip. If you get one, I might could find you a seat. It's mac an' cheese today. I'm a newspaper reporter. So you got what to eat then. Came down here just to hang out, and get with some homeless people. How come whenever y'all be wanting homeless, y'all come to soup kitchens? - You don't serve homeless? - Serve everybody. Homeless, poor folks, workin' people tryin' to make it to a paycheck. Shit, half the neighborhood be up here week before check day. You're not-- Homeless? No, I'm down in my sister's basement, over at Edmondson village. What you need the homeless to say? Talk about the killings. The thing going on with the serial killer. But mostly, I'm just lookin' for a story about what it's like for them. What life is like. Hard times out here. I can't imagine. You gonna write a story about what life's like, huh? Bubbles, man. Michael fletcher. Sticking for the moment with the west Baltimore hoops charity, what were your basic responsibilities there? I can't rightly say. Yet, you drew $40,000 a year as the executive direcr. Nah. All that money went straight back to Senator Davis. None for you? I got paid through the district office for drivin' him. That money I kept. Whenever I would go out to snatch some money - for the senator-- - Objection. - Sometimes kick me back a few. - Move to strike all of that. Sustained. Disregard that last comment. This case is limited to the charges stemming from the operation of Senator Davis' non-profit charities. Other matters are not relevant. Here it is. What the hell is that-- A meet at five-fifty? I'm gonna go get up on Monk. You have a criminal history; do you not, Mr. Price? Yeah, I did some years. And when you last got out of prison six years ago, was Senator Davis aware of your criminal record? Yes, sir. And yet, he gave you a job, but today, is this how you repay him? The testimony you gave about returning the money you earned at the senator's charities, you say you repaid it to the senator in cash, - correct? - Every time. So there's no proof that the senator ever received that money, isn't that correct? - I guess not. - You guess not. I guess not. Mr. Price, you acknowledged earlier that in exchange for your testimony, you received immunity from prosecution for any charges related to this case. Is it fair to say that testifying against senator Davis ensures that you will not yourself go to jail? - Got-damn right. - Mr. Price. I'm sorr-- Oh shit, sorry-- Okay, my b, judge. Sorry. Do you expect this jury to take the word of a twice-convicted felon over the word of a duly elected member of the Maryland state Senate? What can I say? Y'all can play it like you feel an' leave me be. I don't get it. He hasn't moved off this spot for an hour and a half. Alright, well, come on back then, alright?</i> Guy's been hitting the bus shelters every third or fourth night. We got two wounded and one dead going back to that piece since December. All I'm asking is for hours to stake this asshole out. Guy's like clockwork. Spot me an' garvey, three nights and the case is fuckin' down. - I can give you two nights. - If he hits on the third? - One night. - Okay, okay. Two nights. You need to put my C.C. number on the OT slips and you give those to Jay-- It's cool. I know the drill. - You do? - You're doing good here, boss-- What did you just call me? - What the hell is that? - Office reports. Families of your victims, debriefed in full. And believe me, it ruined my week. - Rough, huh? - I'm sittin' there explaining to the salt of the fuckin' earth why their eldest, who is living on the street because nothing they did could fix his problems, but God knows they tried-- Why he met his end being bit on and fucked with by some sick motherfucker who used him for jerk-off purposes. How the shit about the bite marks get in the papers in the first place? Gotta run. I got shit to assemble. You didn't tell me that part of it, did you, motherfucker? Who's up next? I got one at the corner of Calhoun and Mosher. Jesus-- That poor guy. Wanna take him home with you? Shit. Take me. - What? - I'm just having fun with you, man. Thanks for bringing me here, man, showing me around. Nah. - Not about that. - Sure? Just-- Write it like it feels. Fuck. Shit! Rodney, you can't press a regular for his whole tab. It just isn't done. I used to run a bar. I know how these things work, remember? Gus Haynes, in the flesh. Well, more of it maybe. How the hell you been? Where you been hidin'? In vice still? Vice? Shit, that does take me back. I did eight years in homicide, brother. Now it's the western. Speaking of hiding out, when you stop comin' round? Last I saw you was-- I'm not running the districts anymore. I'm an editor now, so-- Then you can afford to buy a round. Hey, dennis. Let me pull your coat. Long time, Gus. Don't tell me you knew I'd be here tonight. It's a cop bar, you know, so, if it's not you, it's some other face from back in the day. Theoretical question. Oh, theoretical. In that case, a double, Rodney, Gus is buyin'. Two, Rodney. So... What? I seen you at the stash house, yo. Ain't you used to be with them Barksdale boys? What they call you, yo? Savino. That's right. Savino. You ain't never moved no dope. You was always muscle as I recall. Now you musclin' for Marlo, huh? I wasn't there. When they did the old man like that, I wasn't there. Chris an' Snoop, they on that. Oh, I know who was there. So you innocent, huh? Let me ask you somethin' though. Bein' that you muscle for Marlo, what you was gonna do if you was there, huh? Riddle me that. Yeah. You know what, yo? Ready? Yeah. A-ight. - We got to talk. - <i>I'll come over to you.</i> Does that seem possible? To go through the court system with a false I.D.? Maybe the first time, if she's got no priors, no prints on file, but after that? B.P.I. sheets have fingerprint characteristics that are like an F.B.I. bar code. And it's paired with a photo. A name's one thing. But unless these women are twin sisters and one's been carrying the other one's hand around in her purse for the last twelve years-- Somebody's yanking your chain. It's definitely a code. Definitely not having much to do with time. We're at a point where I'm going to need more bodies, surveillance cars, man hours. We're gonna have to stay on these guys until those clocks start to make sense. Well, good news is they giving me more manpower than I can waste. Bad news? It's all around the office that I'm giving out hours and money to people to work other cases. I can't help it, Lester. It's the kind of person I am. - I give and give and give-- - If you're not careful, you're gonna get shit on you, on us. Who's gonna complain? Guys are working cases and getting paid-- So what exactly do you need? Seven men. No, eight. And cars. Oh shit, they offered me men from the districts, and a surveillance supervisor to run the detail. Anyone in the districts we trust? Lemme think on that. I don't know how the fuck did you of all people do this shit, huh?</i> - <i>How? - You got the right allen wrench? God damn directions. What kind of scotch you using? Fuck! Piece of shit! Yo, so you talked to Chris, right? What he say? He didn't say shit. He knows I ain't say a fuckin' word to no police. And you heard what little Dermell said to the juvenile master? Lady ax him like, "yo, you got a record?" He's like "yeah, bitch, My record's so long I'm about to put out an album." Don't touch that dial, young'un. This a Stanfield corner, huh? You know who I am? You make sure you tell the boss man that you know who it is dropped Savino last night. Ya feel me? You tell that man I'm a drop all his muscle until he get the heart to come down to the street and dance. You gonna remone that, sweetpea? That's Omar? Damn. Savino dead, yo? Shit, man, if he'da made me from Monk's apartment the other night, I might be laid out my own self. Gimpy as a motherfucker. I don't know, senator. I want to believe you. I mean, I'm your lawyer. But there's all this up on the board that Mr. Bond has on display-- $11,000 to west side hoops, next day, $11,000 drawn, then $11,000 deposited in your personal banking account-- You bet it all went into my account. It made it easier for me to do my job. And at the end of the day? Not one penny stayed with me. I need you to do better than that, Senator. Where are your records? - Records? - Yes, records. For example, this check for $11,000 - dated january 22nd-- - That was last winter, right? So, some went to pay everyone's B.G.E., 'cause half my district was gonna have the heat turned off, and then, some went for puff jackets for them that got children in need. Let me tell you something, man. My neck of the woods, it's a jungle out there. Everybody living hand to mouth, improvising, hustlin', make do with as little as you can imagine. Hell, that, that tv show, what's that, "Survivor"? Man, they want some good contestants, they need to come around westside. Folks I know? Oh, we'd do great on that show. Practice every damn day of our lives. Hell, and "Fear factor"? Oh, sheee-- Don't even get me started. Forgive me, but I still don't understand how that justifies-- Let me tell you something, brother-- I don't know how they do it out in Roland park-- Maybe prosecutor Obonda can enlighten me on that. But my world is strictly cash and carry, and I am Clay Davis. My people need something, they know where to find me. Let me tell you, brother, I step out the door, hit the corner of Mosher and Pennsylvania, you better believe my pockets are bulging. But by the time I get to Robert street-- Objection! Objection, Your Honor. Senator! Senator, take a seat, and refrain from off-hand references to Mr. Bond. My apologies, Your Honor. But these charities were set up for basketball leagues in city rec centers, weren't they? Yeah, but you give me 20,000 or a basketball and an air pump, I am pullin' goodly on that for whatever, whoever comes at me. "Senator Clay, I gots to bury my mother, "bail out my son, "buy a new shirt for a job interview, pay my child's asthma doctor." Takes me half an hour to go a hundred yards, and excuse me if I didn't ask that old Arthur-itised woman for a receipt, or that young mother needed the similac to sign a damned piece a paper so I don't have to be up here in this box right now explainin' to folks who never been in our neck of the woods how things truly are. And if a jury of my peers, you all deem it right and true for me to walk out of here an upright and justified man? Oh, I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm a gonna do the same damn thing tomorrow, and the day after that and the day after that, until they got me laid out at march's funeral home, and truck me off to mt. Auburn. Silence. Silence in this courtroom. What about trailers? Like fema. We set up trailers to act as temp housing for some of the-- Some of the shelter popution. You know, put 'em down in war memorial plaza. Do you know how much fema pays per trailer? A dozen trailers for the homeless. We've got three to four thousand on the streets, at least. It's symbolic. You know, we're doing what we can with a civic disaster-- - Like new orleans-- - Abandoned by the state, ignored by the federal government. It's bad enough you want to keep the city shelters open 24/7. That puts the health department a couple hundred thousand in the red. You add that to the overage we're gonna see for letting the police {\department }run wild with overtime and investigative costs-- There's no choice anymore. This thing has a lock on everyone's attention. When another victim disappears, we're gonna be even more on the spot. I'm just telling you, if this goes on more than a month, with what we'll be spending, you're looking at cutbacks throughout the agencies; maybe even teacher layoffs come the end of the fiscal. - Teacher layoffs... - By a gubernatorial candidate... In an election year. Lovely. Hold up, hold up. I just want to say that-- despite all the false accusations made against me, the people who I continue to serve have spoken. What the fuck just happened? ...as long as I can to serve the people. Whatever it was, they don't teach it in law school. 45 inches of Clay Davis playing not just the race card, but the whole deck, coming at ya. Got it. Thank ye. Someday you're going to have to explain all this to me, gus. After watching that verdict come in, I feel very white. Start with some James Brown records and work up from there. It's embarrassing, ain't it? I can't believe nobody had sense enough to tone this down. The hype is bad enough. But what gets me is that I can't trust the guy. I send him back out onto the street to own his mistake, he comes back with some bullshit about stolen identities. I don't give a fuck he gets took. Everybody gets took now and then. I know I did. It's about not owning up to it. Gus, this thing with the woman and the crab cake? You think the first time you catch him is the first time he does it? Lotta guys'll try to duck a correction. But the thing with this is, he was standing on an outright lie. And if he'll lie about a correction-- Then will he lie to make a story better than it ought to be? I keep thinking about that kid in the wheelchair out in front of Oriole park. The one that only had a nickname. A black kid from the westside, crazy for baseball? Basketball, yeah. Football--sure I don't wanna call another reporter a liar. I really don't. What's the matter, baby? You can't sleep? Let's see-- Let's say good night to everybody. Good night, moon. - You say it. - Good night, moon. There you go. Good night, stars. good night, po-pos. Good night, fiends. Good night, hoppers. Good night, hustlers. Good night, scammers.