Fuck. - What's next? - One to the head. I keep it quick. Not yet, motherfucker. You shoot live rounds like paint, boy, you'll be the shit, you hear? Yo, but these really do look like Glocks. Yeah, they make them look that way. Yo, why you shoot low? All right, if you're close, aim for the head. If not, think vest. That's the way you said it. A'ight. Boy's learning. - You going inside this one too? - I'm gonna do the whole block. It's bad enough you popped the top off one house and give us a body. What the fuck do you think you're doing now? - An experiment. - An experiment? Oh, fuck me. I'm dealing with Madam Curie here. This nail here comes from a nail gun, and it comes from the house with a dead man inside. Every other house has screws that H.C.D. uses. We find these in the plywood anywhere in this city, and there's a body inside. Gosh, that's good work. No, I'm very impressed. Do you see a tool belt on me? Do I look like one of those fucking jerkoffs in aisle five of the Home fuckin' Depot? There's three weeks left in the year, and our unit clearance rate is under 50%. We do not go looking for bodies, especially moldering fucking John Does. We do not put red up on the board voluntarily. Jay, the bodies are in the houses, Marlo Stanfield's bodies. Then they belong to him. Now I realize you're no longer in my squad, Mr. Major Crimes, but you're still part of C.I.D., right? And look, I'm still a sergeant, right? And I'm giving you an order on this, Lester. Until I feel chain-of-command down on this and until you hear otherwise, you will not-- I repeat not-- pull down any more... fucking wood! Let's go, man. I mean, you know, I expect a shortfall when I look at the school budget. It's a natural. But how in Christ's name do you lose $54 million? One million at a time. Exactly. It didn't happen this morning. This was on Royce's watch. You didn't get a whiff of this during council review? You can't blame the council or Royce for the school budget. The fiscal responsibility is with the school board itself. But the council does have oversight. Don't even pretend to put this shit on me. Only the city share shows up on our budget review. We never see the state money. You'd better tell your pretty new chief of staff that whatever happens up on North Avenue is on the school system. That's a simplistic view, I think. How would you complicate it? As president of the school board, I'll argue this is a bookkeeping issue. We've simply been rolling the system's debt over since '99. You rolled it and rolled it until it ran out of cash. That's not bookkeeping, that's stupidity. So what are we talking about here, waste? Fraud: Embezzlement: I would say that although the system has some poor accounting practices, in the end we're going to find that most of the money was properly spent on programming. Okay okay okay. We get it. No one's responsible, not the school board, not anybody on North Avenue, not Clarence Royce, not the city council, no one at this table. Fine. So what's our next move? Bump the property tax rate: Scale back our budget. No pay hikes, hiring freezes, reduced services, tell everyone-- schools, police, fire, public works-- they have to hold the line for a year or two. How: I just ran a clean-up-the-streets campaign. I just got done promising the world to every cop in the city. Annapolis. You go beg his Republican ass. The Cheese stands alone. This the drop: I hope not, 'cause they ain't called yet. Make me feel bad toward old Prop Joe. Yeah, go around where we can see y'all. Vamonos, 'Naldo. Nice hookup. Private. Damn, y'all some Semper Fi motherfuckers, ain't ya? Where Cheese go to enlist? That's 25 back to Joe from what we was short before, and another 1 50 to up our order to six. Whoa, we had you down for four. I don't know if we got extras coming off the boat. Short someone else then. I'll see what Joe says. Yeah. When we set with the re-up, we'll hit you on that. The shit will be where you told us half hour later. - Yo, we ain't using these no more. - Us neither. What we do is ring you from a 958 exchange, East Side, don't need to answer. Just toss it, go to the meet. See you when I see you. Money on the table, "hairon" to follow. Stay here on Marlo? Nah, we gonna stay with Cheese. Detective, would you get the door for me? Sometimes life just gives you a moment, huh? He was gonna do me, and instead he gets done? I'm dipped in shit here. I'm the luckiest motherfucker you know. Gentlemen, the target is still Mr. Stanfield, and from the look of things, we're no closer to him than when I left here two months ago. Now they might not let me go after murders, but they cannot stop me from chasing the drugs. Leander, I want you surveilling his people. See if they're still up on cell phones. How are you with the paper trail? - Okay. - I want you down at the city assessment office pulling paper on all the purchases on the West Side over $100,000. Then get down to M.V.A. and check Iuxury cars in his name, all right? Now this boy has been in the game for a while now. He might try to launder money. Herc, I want you on the paperwork, re-requisitioning the wiretap equipment that Marimow shipped on down to l.S.D. We're gonna need all of that to get backup, okay? If anyone needs me, I'm down at Missing Persons, all right? Let's go. - Lester? - Yes? - All this is cool... - Mm-hmm. ...but you think we can do it so that the direction comes from me? I mean, I am the sergeant here. Donut, you think this look right? Why you knock 'em down? So the police won't scope me so easy. But now all they gotta do is be like, "Yeah, go over there and just grab that little nigger with the braids." Damn, boy, you later than a motherfucker. Been sitting out here watching money walk away. You about to have the day off. Package was stolen, Na'. What? Out the back of your basement? They kicked my motherfucking door in. That's how they do. Well, look, how the police know where you even be keeping your stash at? Some snitch-ass bitch, that's how they know. I'ma find his ass too. All right, man, I'm out. I never did understand why you stopped eating the pig. I ain't been in a Polack Johnny's since 1974, and if you knew what was good for you-- Look, I know what's good. I remember when you did too. I never saw you going all Muslim on me. Ain't that, but I do believe that other faiths have got the pig figured better than us A.M.E.s. See that? If you checking out, I might feel the need to say a few words. Nah, I ain't got nothing to do with that. I love my PJs, but they do repeat on me. As memory serves, you got to go with the original sauce, not the kraut and chili like you do. My pain ain't about no sauerkraut. "The Puzzle Palace" is ready to clip any program that ain't tied to the statewide tests. The thing is, we're just starting to make a little headway - in what we're doing. - You take it upstairs? Yeah, me and the professor went all the way - to go see the school superintendent. - And? You read the papers? They're a little busy ducking that budget mess. $50 million in the hole, and they're scared to take any more problems to the new mayor. - Is your thing a problem? - Depends on how you look at it. A cover-your-ass type of person might say we're just tracking any students that can't hack in the regular classes, giving them work that don't show up on no statewide tests. City Hall says it's okay, they keep our program. If not, we on the street. Odell Watkins. I was hoping you'd say that name. Yeah, he got Carcetti's ear. If we sell him, maybe we sell the Hall. Stalk that nigger, man, that stole your shit. - Yeah. - Soon as he nod out, bust him in the head with a brick or some shit. Nah nah. That ain't me. You can always give him a hotshot then. Y'all recall Junior Bunk? Cutting his shit with, uh, what you call it? Stole it from the funeral home. Oh, you thinking formaldehyde. That's the shit. Nigger's got a taste of that shit, university started a "Junior Bunk" ward. My cousin laid his ignorant ass up there two, three times. Ain't no guarantee in that, though. Use some rat poison then. No, man, that stuff don't cook up right. What you need to use is that sodium cyanide. That shit looks and cooks - just like the real thing. - Where I find that? Try, uh, Minter's over there by the tracks, or one of those metal shops where they do plating. - How much I need? - It ain't gonna take much. A vial of that shit'd kill every horse in this stable. - That's all there is to it? - It ain't no thing to kill a nigger who's already about the business of killing himself. And the police, they ain't gonna pay no never mind. You the one's got to live with it is all. More young males than I'd have thought. I don't suppose they all went off in search of adventure. You get a chance to do any street work on these files? Shit, no, Lester. They cut Missing Persons to one detective five years ago. I barely keep up with the paperwork. Feel free. Just make copies and return the originals for the files. For the files... right. Damn, son. Kenard said the police took it? He said they kicked his door in. And they ain't lock no one up? Yo, you see that door? Were the hinges broke? I mean, if he said they put the boot to it... them hinges gotta be hanging free. I sweated him, yo. He wasn't trying to scheme me. That little motherfucker took that shit for himself. Bet it. And now you gotta step to him, put something real behind them words. Where your Spanish boy at? He's down on point with Cheese while I round up soldiers. You got soldiers right here. Your 2255 must have pleased some judge, huh? Enough to get me home, didn't it? I'm just saying, Butch, I know they soldiers, but I'm thinking about being a little more subtle on this one. You feel me? So they don't see me coming. It ain't like you to work with strangers. I'm celebrating diversity. I'm thinking now the time to start doing that. Oh-hoo! What up, shorty? What's up, baby? - Mm, mm. - Mm. - Damn, girl, you looking good. - I'm maintaining. - Shit, I know that's right. - You doing all right? Yeah. Long time, long time. I got your word. Some real money to be made on this one, huh? You remember how to do this? I reckon it'll come back to me. See that's what I'm talking about, Butch-- - subtle. - Hmm. Glasses first, so they don't spot. Yes, ma'am. - Hello. - Ho, Mr. Prezbo. - Come in, please. - Oh, that's okay. I just wanted to stop by on my way home and drop off Randy's work for next week. Hopefully this thing will be over soon. Maybe so, but we're looking at the possibility of moving him to Booker T. Washington next semester. I hope that isn't necessary. I hope so too. Anyway, thanks for bringing this. I'll try to keep him up to speed. - Hang in there, kiddo. - Thanks. Long conference call. About an hour so far by my watch. Got me out here riding the wood. Unfortunately the governor's phone call has gone longer than anticipated. Can I get you anything? Coffee? Look, I have other appointments. It shouldn't be much longer. Check out Fisher's column in Metro. He says, the governor thinks, quote, "This latest fiscal emergency calls into question the Baltimore school system's ability to manage itself as well as the local oversight of the system," unquote. Motherfucker. He's playing to the D.C. suburbs. He sees you coming for him two years from now. He ain't no fool. There's all your electronic requisitions right there. Mm-hmm. What one's that, a cop? Nah, security guard. I don't think he's one of Marlo's, though. Lieutenant. Will someone explain to me what the fuck the brass is doing? First I get bounced to telephone reporting, then I get a call this morning... How's that beach house coming, huh? It's almost done. I just need a load of lumber-- That's great, just great. Welcome. Welcome back. Who the fuck is that? That, Sergeant Hauk... is one of the most effective supervisors in our police department. Sorry. It's just taking a little longer than we expected. It shouldn't be much longer, though. I understand what you're saying. Some of those kids are ready for high school, but not Duquan. - I've... -...adopted him? I've noticed Duquan this semester. He's more nourished, wears fresher clothes. Sometimes he even smells like soap. You and your wife, you don't have children, do you? - Not yet, no. - Well, have some. For better or for worse, they're yours for life. The kids in this school aren't yours. You do your piece with them, and you let them go. Because there'll be plenty more coming up behind Duquan, and they're gonna need your help too. You've got your third period in five minutes, right? Settle down. Settle down. We need to concentrate on these tests. - Aw, fuck this, man. - Talking about, "lf Jane's father gives Jane one week's worth of allowance..." Shit, I ain't got no allowance where I stay at. No father, neither. How many sides a sexagon got? Why I care about that? You need to take the test so you can move on to the next level. I ain't moving nowhere but out this motherfucker. - Hell, yeah. - All right. Let's settle down. Let's start with question number one. Settle down! All right. All right, listen up. Here's the problem: Two couples go into a restaurant. - They get the check-- - Yo, when they say "couples," - do it mean they married? - Why they got to be married? Mr. Prezbo, why you even get married? Well, to build a life together, for one-- you know, family. - Also to have intimacy. - What do that mean? - Mean, like, getting some. - No no. It's not just that. Intimacy can be, um, a quiet conversation. Or it can be fun, you know? Like when you tickle your partner. Yo, tickle my nuts. All right, all right, no more of that. Come on, let's get to the test material. The statewide exam is next week. And then we'll get back to the regular lessons. Can we talk about intimacy? If you like, and if I don't get too embarrassed. All right, uh... so, the grand total on the check is $67.40, but if they want to leave a tip-- Look at your sample test, please. I got to say, Ms. Duquette, I feel like y'all schemed us. This class is the same as the ones down the hall. Yeah, it's 'cause the test's coming up. Okay, class, let's take a look at the sample math test. In sample "A", we start with... Kid's right. This is bullshit. The test material doesn't exactly speak to their world. Yeah, don't speak too loud to mine, either. An estimate, Detective. We start opening those houses, we might turn over a couple of dozen bodies, but that's just me guessing. All of them homicides? The boy took over half the West Side. We never saw the violence. This right here is the reason why. You're asking us to call out half of public works and pull the plywood off thousands of vacant houses all so we can raise the city's murder rate by 10%? What else are we doing on Stanfield? I'm trying to get backup on his people's cell phones as fast as I can. And I started to look for his money. But if I'm right about this, they have to be worked. Is there any evidence at all that links all these missing-persons reports to the Stanfield organization? I'm just starting at that. The one body that we pulled out of the Fulton Avenue house is Lex. His case is a direct tie. And there are two other names on those missing persons reports that show up in our wiretaps from earlier this year. So, yes, there are links, Counselor. By any chance did Landsman run this up the chain to you guys? No. Your call. My office won't care until they see case files. I'll run it upstairs and we'll see what comes. - Okay, I get it. - He's still tied up, but it really should only be a little while longer. Can you tell the governor I have to go back to Baltimore? I have a little bit of business today. I'm the mayor of a major American city, for chrissakes. How much shit do l have to eat from this guy? Wouldn't you play the politics if you were him? It's not like the state had no role in this thing. You know, the state money for those schools had no oversight either. But I'm not telling "The Washington" fucking "Post," talking about how he might be forced to bail me out because-- what was the quote again? Because "Those are my children in Baltimore too." He's gonna bleed me for that money. Mayor Carcetti? The governor's office says he's ready to see you now. $54 million's a big number. We won't go until we get some, we won't go until we get some-- Did I do something wrong? I ain't acted up or nothing. You're ready for this. You can do the work. I know you can. And if you need to come back here and use the showers or give me laundry, use the computer, you can do that any time. Anyway, let me show you. This here's the way to the hard drive. This isn't necessary, Duquan. Just in case I'm busy, Mr. P. So you know how to work it. Hey, boy. What's up? Big day for you. See here? I got the inventory divided between us. You gonna go up one way towards North Avenue... and I'm gonna stay down by the highway. You gonna let me handle the money alone? - You ready, ain't you? - Yeah, I'm good. All right. Let's get on it. I see you back here tonight. All right. Hey hey, you see that foul motherfucker, you let him have his money, okay? I don't need you messing with him. - All right. - All right. Make sure that count's right! Yo, I need to talk to the little motherfucker. Maybe you can do that with me, see it don't get out of hand. Hey! Yo, Mike! Yo, what up, Duke? Yeah, I heard Randy's foster ma gonna take him out of Tilghman too, send him somewhere else. That's messed up, man. All right, holla, man. How many? As a theory, Detective Freamon believes there could be additional bodies in those vacants, maybe a dozen or more. - He believes: - Lester Freamon is not in the habit of selling woof tickets. I, for one, would not bet against him. And what do you suggest I do with this information? My feeling is that City Hall should be brought into the loop. We pull the bodies now before New Year's, and the stats go to Royce's last year in office. Matter of fact, it gives Carcetti an advantage with regards to next year's crime rate. - You mean-- - Tell the mayor that now is the time to empty those houses, not next year, when it's on his watch and he has to eat the stats. Colonel, I see you've thought this through, politically, I mean. - I'm learning as I go. - I bet you fuckin' are. Colonel, keep this conversation close. That's a direct order. You seen them girls at Douglass, man? Yo, you right, Duke. Ain't gonna be like middle school no more. You know, I'm just thinking, yo. Dag, man, not again. Where your people at now? Need any of your stuff from the pile? It ain't no thing. Yo, man, listen. Me and Bug got our own spot now, so you could come crib with us if you want. What you mean Kenard took the stash? And he's still walking around? I'm gonna talk to him, Ma, make sure this never happen again. Look at me, boy. Kenard got to feel some pain for what he did. - He got to. - I don't-- You don't what, motherfucker?! This how you pay me back for all the love I showed? Shit, I been kept you in Nikes since you were in diapers. - I'm trying. - You trying, huh? That's what you gonna tell your father the next time you see him, that you trying? Or you gonna tell him what you've done? What he done got him locked up-- That's right. Wee-Bey walked in Jessup a man, and he gonna walk out one. But you out here, wearing his name, acting a bitch! Aw, look at you, crying now. Fuck you think you going? Get your ass back here. I ain't done talking to you. I mean, I'm police, right? Murder police, and I got bodies. I'm just supposed to let them laying lie? "We don't throw red up on that board voluntarily." That John-Goodman- off-his-diet-looking motherfucker was clear on that. - So go over Landsman's head. - Mm, Jimmy, that's you-- send an anonymous fax. But you see, Lester here don't fancy boats. And me, I get sick just filling the bathtub. It's just wrong. Yeah, just like when I seen J-Lo with that little itty-bitty Spanish dude. Genius. He hid his mausoleum right in the neighborhood. How little Pedro gonna fill that big thing up? Oh, man, that girl got a prime cut of ass, boy. - And a good heart. - A good inverted heart. This nail's like their signature. Find it in any door in the West Side, and right as rain you're gonna find a body. Yes, sir. I'm proud to be chasing Mr. Marlo Stanfield. Man, you act like you on the trail of Pol Pot or some shit. - Who? - Motherfucker, I got $10 says we can leave here right now, go to any boarded-up rowhouse with a nail like that in the door, and we will find a body. - Make it $20. - There you go. Well, but first let's have another little taste. Jimmy, you in? - No, I'm good. - Oh, come on, man. Take that skirt off and have a drink, for chrissakes. - Drink that. - Agh! Man, don't play like that. Aww. Icicles, get 'em before they melt! Icicles! Icicles, come get 'em! Icicles! Hey, yo, Kenard. Why you lie to me? Fuck you talkin' about? You said the police kicked your door in. I seen the door. They ain't kicked shit in. - How you gonna lie? - Go on, man. - Yo, where the package at, man? - Package up my ass, gump. - I'm about to-- - You about to? Go on, walk, gump-ass motherfucker. Hey, yo, Iook at that little dude getting his ass beat! Y'all was talking too goddamn much. Go ahead, Na'. Get your pack off this bitch so we can go. I don't want it. I don't want it. I'll take that 20 now, Bunk. I can't see shit in here. Aw, man. I might pull out my wallet, reach in, and pull out a $25 by mistake. I need me some Braille bills, something. Hmm. You ladies want to call the Crime Lab? Nah, man. I'm like Stevie: too high. You know I can't do no scene. Well, there's not gonna be one, on account of there is no body, not until the bosses say there is. And when that happens, you gonna miss all the fun, junior. You know Daniels is gonna keep this alive. The white shirts will fuck it up somehow. You know it, Lester. Maybe not, this time. Daniels is C.I.D. It's a new day downtown. I got it. Whew, world is on its hole when Jimmy McNulty is the most qualified to drive. Yeah, up is down, black is white... Ieft is right. What we got here, huh? - Quiet overnight. - Cool. Relief will be here for you after roll call. It's Sergeant Carver. How you doing, dawg? Quiet overnight. You going to school this morning? We're gonna wait a little longer on that to be sure, but I can't say I'm comfortable going to work every day and leaving him here. Blow over in a week or so, you'll see. Till then we still have a car on the house, and you have my cell number if anything comes up. We're gonna look out for you on this. - Have you had breakfast, Sergeant? - No, but I gotta-- You have time for a plate, I'm sure. Sure. Yo, I just dreamt something gave me an idea today. Hey, Sherrod. You remember when we turned that knocked down Iight pole at the scales? Pulled $80? I been thinking we can get to toppling a couple of those bad boys ourselves, get all Paul Bunyan and shit, you know? I mean, we'll be all discreet and all. Not take the hacksaw to no more than a couple on some quiet streets, leave more than enough for some people to have light and all. Thing is, I got this other thing I still need to take care of today. Come on, Sherrod. Wake up. It's late. No no no! What you do? What you do? What you do? Aw, man, come on, Sherrod. Come on, man. Come on. Come on. You weren't supposed to do this, man! Oh, man! - No phones: - Not a one. And the players that were using them before-- Chris, Monk, Ray-Ray-- they were out there on those corners. Now I would have seen if someone went to a burner. God damn it! If we just stayed up on the wire two months ago, we wouldn't be going through this sh-- Can I help you? Which one of you is Sergeant Hauk? I am. I'm Shea. This is Thomas. I.I.D. Let me ask if you remember pulling a surveillance camera from l.S.D., serial number AW466J9. You remember that? We also need to go over your paperwork on a couple of informants, so if you don't mind coming back downtown with us, you and... Detective Sydnor and the third guy, what's his name? Dozerman. You don't need Sydnor or Doze, either. Paperwork's all mine-- on the camera, on the informants, me alone. Bodies? How many? Could be quite a few. We won't know until we take down those doors. And this is one drug organization you think did this? That's the theory, but nothing's certain at this point. What is certain is that if we're going to do this, you probably want us to do it now, before the new year, while the bump in the murder rate is still attributable to Mayor Royce. Thoughtful, Deputy, very thoughtful. I don't want any more stat games from your department. You need to get your people into those houses because if there are bodies in there, they need to come out. But do it now. I don't want to be finding any more bodies come January. Yes, sir, Mr. Mayor, sir. Choice comes down to this: We take the state money, and instead of being fucked up and broke, our schools go back to being merely fucked up. No teacher layoffs, no program cuts, no school closures. But the price the governor's asking is more state control over the school board and changes in the teachers' union contracts that would allow them - to remove tenured faculty for cause. - Ouch. If we don't take the money, it looks like we're shorting our kids. We take the money-- we're giving up local control of education, which is gonna lose us a lot of middleclass black folks. Not to mention the problem you might have two years from now running in the D.C. suburbs, explaining how you needed their money to bail out your schools. He sees you coming, Tommy. That's not important right now. Take the money. We need it. Don't look at me. If you take it, you're selling out the teachers, and that's my base. If you don't take it, you're selling out the kids. Either way, I'll probably rip you, and half the council will too. Just glad I'm not the mayor. - You called? - Word down the chain: Open 'em up. And it's my guess this case is gonna need more manpower. Yeah, no doubt. In fact, I might have lost Herc to an l.I.D. file. Really? I went light on him for that car stop. I didn't even think it would get to a trial board. This feels like a bigger jacket. Pick any two you want from C.I.D. for now. If you get back up on a wire, we'll detail a few more. Beautiful. I don't know what you're talking about, but she was hot. I'm going back on Friday right after work. Hold on. What the fuck are you staring at? How are you liking Homicide? Loving it. Why? Anyway. It's on the way, boss. It's Joe and his message, but we already know what it is. All right, girl. Keep it close. All right, 'Naldo, call your amigos and tell them it's on. That's right. Yep. That's it. One, come on. Let me see that footwork. That's it. One, one, one, one. That's right. Yo, what's going on, Mike? Man, yo, I feel like I could just pancake a young'un right now, you know what I mean? What about you, Duke? Want some go? No, I'ma work this rope. Yeah, you working it. Like a gump. They pull around back, we're gonna come at 'em from both ways, feel me? Ooh. Hey, yo, call your friends, tell 'em where we at. Yo, let me get that rope. I said I'm workin' it. Man, I said you's a gump, fucking dogshit and smelling-ass nigger. Hey. Hey! Hey! Man, fuck this. Yeah! Go along! Get! Don't nobody want you in here, no way! You see what happened? That be it. Hey, Daddy. Kiss the butt of this lyricist. Blow on my mike and make a wish. Get up! Everybody, get up. Get up! Let me get a $10, Daddy. Let me get a $10. I need a $10. Get the fuck out of here, now. - Come on, I'll suck your dick for $15. - Trick-ass bitch, I said get. Don't you want to see my stuff? Nah, ain't nobody want to see that stink box. - Get your ass gone. - Come on, let me get a $10, player. What the fuck is this, the lnner Harbor? Yo, what the fuck y'all think you doing? - We painters. - Si, we paint. Move the van out the way. Oh, you gonna like what I got, soldier. See? We paint. We paint. Oh... okay. Which one of y'all gonna open the truck for me? Fucking amateurs. Drink it slow, son. What am I gonna do? I'll run you home. I-- I can't go home. She expect me to be my father, but... I ain't him. I mean, the way he is and shit... it just ain't in me. What's between you and Michael? Mike ain't Mike no more. He went hard on this boy last night, fucked his shit up. I can't go home. I can't. Give us a minute. Mad at myself, man. I shouldn't have shut Michael out like I did. Namond did push it. He ain't pushing nothing now. Reckon I'll go mend the fence. This ain't no motel. Deacon, how'd you get by my people? You can't turn away church folk, ain't done in these parts. You only come by for a favor, so what is it? You know a fella named Bunny Colvin? Yeah, that rogue police commander, tried to legalize drugs. - What's he done now? - He can tell you best. You did not bring-- It's something positive, Odell. - Has to do with kids. - Positive, huh? Bunny. Delegate Watkins. What's this all about? It's another bright idea. - You Michael Lee's mother? - He got papers on him or something? I ain't no kind of police. - I'm just looking to get up with him. - You ain't alone. He booked on out of here, got his own spot, took his little brother with him. - You know where he stay at? - He ain't tell me nothing. You find the boy, you let him know I need some help around here. I popped him and Bug out my ass, and now they forgot where they came from. What my ma say when you called? She was mad, right? Not really. His mother... Lovely lady. What she say? "Put that bitch in baby booking where he belongs, Iet him learn something." She hung up before I could tell her we didn't have a charge. Baltimore City 911. Yeah, they beating a cop over here on Pennsie and Gold. - Police officer? - Yeah, they're beating on him bad. - Pennsylvania and Gold? - Yo, they firing shots now. Signal 13, report of shots fired, Pennsylvania and Gold. Signal 13-- They cleaned the motherfucker out, Joe, put it in the van them Mexican niggers rolled in. I ain't hearing about no resistance. Man, wasn't no time for that. Omar had one of them commando squads with him, man. I mean, he had this one ho pulling guns out her pussy, Unc. The shit was unseemly, man. I got to hand it to Mr. Little, - I ain't see this one coming. - They took the shipment, Joe. Not no package, man, the motherfucking shipment. Man, what we gonna tell the co-op? Hey, where you think my mind at right now? All I know, it's a lot of gangsters out a lot of shit, man. I say we mob up and go find this faggot, see? That's what's really 'hood right there. That's how you deal with shit. A lotta gangsters in that room need to take us at our word first. Yeah, first thing they gonna wonder about... is us. You need to see my man. I'll hook you up. Who is this motherfucker? Let me get a word with you, Mike. Listen, you got to understand I can't be having no physical confrontation Iike the one took place back there. That kind of thing got to stay outside my gym. Yeah. Go ahead, Montel. I come to tell you I was wrong, the way I handled it. Step off, nigger. Mike... Don't touch me, man. Look, man, this here ain't you. Man don't want you touching on him. Mike. I told you, step the fuck off. Young man, if I was talking to you, you'd know I was. Shit! He'll listen next time. Go ahead, man. Do him. Nah, man. I'll hang here for the ambo, all right? Go with your people. Go ahead, son. Dr. Johnson, please call Neuro l.C.U. Dr. Johnson, please call Neuro l.C.U. I'm sorry, son. I'm gonna talk to Social Services. We'll get you some help. Randy... Would the on-call please return to Neuro l.C.U.? On-call, please return to Neuro l.C.U. You gonna help, huh? You gonna look out for me? You gonna look out for me, Sergeant Carver? Do you mean it? You gonna