And so he looks carefully at his apples and sees that seven have worms. Another 15 have gone rotten. But he wants to be fair and distribute all the good apples equally. "Distribute"? Give out. Well, just say that, yo? Okay. Okay, so how many apples does each of Rashad's friends get: A, 4; B, 5; C, 6; or D, 7? Take your time, but do it fast. Hey. Nigger said, "l got my rights," so my boy said, "Oh, yeah? Well, he's got a left to go with your right. " He was like, pow! - Calvin, you are done already? - Uh-huh. - Yeah? - B, 5. How did you work that out so fast? Easy. "B, 5" got the dinks. - The what? - If you want, I could show you. Don't show him, show me. All right. You did this with the earlier math class, right? So, you, like, got 82 apples... 12 niggers... and then how many blah, blah, blah-- then you went, like, dinking all round this one and no other one. So, answer is "B, 5." Everybody get that? Yeah. "B, 5," it got all the dinks. "B, 5," I'm an Audi 5000. The priority should be on making sure the age files are up to date with all notes transcribed, the standard office report. Uh... on our day shift today, you may encounter Councilman and Democratic mayoral nominee Thomas Carcetti, who's been fact-finding within the department. So, if you go leaving your fax Iying around and he finds them, that shit's on you. Lastly... as most of you are already aware, our ClD Commander Raymond Foerster, after a long bout with cancer, passed away last night at Johns Hopkins. Ahem. Better eulogies are coming. So, let me just say that the man served 39 years-- attaining the rank of colonel-- without leaving a trail of bitterness or betrayal. In this department, that's not a career, it's a miracle. There'll be a detective's wake this evening followed by viewings on Wednesday and a burial mass on Friday. The family suggests donations to the colonel's favorite charities. The addresses will be posted in the coffee room. All told. And, Bunk, I just got your overtime for the week. Get down to my office and pull your pants down. Mm-hmm. No no no! Fuck that. You've finished your pot, you make the next one. Okay. I don't see the right one in here anyway. - Sergeant Hauk. - Yes, sir. I just got off with Beauford at lAD. He tells me there's a harassment complaint been filed. Some Jamaican woman says you had her stopped and searched by Amtrak police. Yeah. Well, you see, in my report, we had what we thought was reliable info that she was a drug courier for Marlo Stanfield. I mean, we actually scoped Stanfield with her. What was the info? The Cl's been reliable. Great track record with us. Long history. Cl 238. Give me his name. His name: Sir. Sir! I've never been comfortable with, you know, tossing around names of informants in squad rooms. I feel that it's-- - Name. - Fuzzy Dunlop, sir. I might have to set up a meeting with this character. He's kind of leery of meets. He's been reliable, I promise you. I mean, this one baffled the shit out of me, too. But he's never been off, never. You jumped out on bad information, Sergeant. You brought in another agency, and you brought discredit to this unit-- my unit. In good faith though, sir. Anything comes of this, I have your report, and I will bury you with it. And in case you haven't been paying attention to the election results, your rabbi has left the building. - No tantrums today? - What's the point? They're not even gonna suspend us, right? Right. What's the point? So, we're here, like it or not. If it makes you all feel any better, the word around school is you're down here because you beat the system. You had no interest in being in a classroom, and you made the classroom impossible for everybody else, and now you are out. You won. - Ha ha. Yeah! - You feel like winners? - Always. - That's how we did. Who's we? - Us. - No, who are you? - Players. - Kingpins? Nah, that comes later. Right now, we are just corner boys. So, how long until you are kingpins? I am thinking two, three years. Two, three years. Let me ask, and I want everybody to write this down-- where do you see yourself in 10 years? Come on, pencil and paper. This isn't schoolwork, this is about y'all. She's young but she's good. Yeah, a doctoral candidate from the psych department of College Park. Thesis work is on social alienation and analysis. All right, show of hands, how many wrote "NBA"? Yeah, but only for the Lakers though. I want to be a pediatric neurosurgeon Iike that one nigga, what's his name? - Ben Carson. - Yeah, that dude. He's a black surgeon at Hopkins with a lot of profile. You want to be a surgeon, you need to go to medical school. Whatever. How many wrote down "dead"? Shit, you saw that coming, huh? It's a shame you all have so little time, and you're wasting it here with us. You know where you're going. We can't teach you anything you don't know about that, right? That's what we've been saying. Namond, put away the magazine. I ain't reading no magazine. - Namond. - What? It ain't even mine. It was laying here when I came in. Y'all little pissers. You know, we are giving them a fine education. "lt ain't even mine. It was just laying here when I came in." You know this right here-- the whole damn school-- the way they carry themselves, it's training for the street. The building's the system, we the cops. Yeah, you are for sure. I mean, you'll come in here every day and practice getting over, try running all different kinds of games. You know, it's practice for the corner, right? Ain't no real cops. Ain't no real danger. But you'll all getting something out of this. Bet you didn't even know that. Still I'd rather be out there. Can l? Corner boys, huh? Let me ask y'all something. You know, you help us hone in on this, and maybe we do a little better job with you in here. - What makes a good corner boy? - Keep your eyes open. - Keep the count straight. - Don't trust nobody. If you stupid in the hood, you get killed. That's the only way. And I am telling you, this name in black right here got stink on it. Eyeball witness, Bunk. Vernon, at least go back to the scene with me - and take a fresh look. - You're out of line here, Bunk. You are. A lot of names. Too many. No, we're good with it. Listen, you back-seat- driving motherfucker, the guy picked him out-- Omar-fucking-Little. Why he picked him out? Who the fuck cares? We got a dead female taxpayer on our hands, - and somebody's saying him. - I don't buy. And look who you talking about. This ain't the motherfucker that came up with 62 ways for the peanut. His name pops up on five or six cases I know of-- including two of yours-- and you want to put him back on the street? But this ain't him. That means someone else is walking on you all. Let me tell you something, Bunk: the next body you catch, I'm going to be crawling all over it, second-guessing your ass every step, pulling on every last motherfucking thread. Yeah. We going to see how you like it. Hey, Vernon. Vernon, Vernon, Vernon, Vernon. - Just go back on it with me. - What? Shit doesn't play out any differently... I'll give you a back rub that you ain't never going to forget. Ahem. You know, you guys don't need to do anything you wouldn't normally do just 'cause I'm here. I wouldn't know what we normally do around here. I'm new and inexperienced. Oh, you're... Yeah. I am. Seriously, I'm just trying to get a feel for the department's response to the violence. I'm not the hall monitor or anything. So, this is your day? We catch a body, it's different. Mmm! I believe you got my camera? - I what? - License and registration. You do me one, I'll do you. You got a card or something? City, huh? Video camera gotta come back. Yeah, well, I see what I can find out about it. But you know cameras-- kind of like pigeons in the storm. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes they come back. Sometimes... But I keep an ear out on it. Hey, Jim, he just say pigeons? He's fucking with you. Look, you just got to tell Marimow that you used the camera for the PC at the train station. And then just admit the camera got took. I already put it down to the Cl. I tell dickhead the truth, - he takes my stripes on it. - Oh, come on. Look, I'm just saying you weren't suspended that long. Is it because Tiff dropped it, or because you had to do something for Miss Donnelly? - Do something? - I don't know, Iike promise or something. No, Tiff dropped it, so it's dropped. Ain't nothing past that. That's good. You know, the thing with the teachers and cops and whatnot, they always come at you Iike think they got you by the ass. But you keep your mouth shut, ain't nothing they could do. So, more times than not, they go away. Word on that. I mean, it don't even matter. And Miss Anna... she got me on this short leash right now. Can't go out the house unless she know right where I'm going. Shit, at least you've got a leash. Dewey! What the fuck is that? Club soda... and lime. Omissive bitch. Why not just suck a dick and get it over with? That will get the bad taste out of your mouth. Ah. Yeah. Almost new. Don't wear no dead man's hat. I'm just fuckin' with you. Here, let's pray. Here we lay a couple of New York boys who came too far south for their own fuckin' good. Fucking Yankee proud of it now, you fuckin' bitches. Let's get the fuck out of here. You hungry? You want some Chinese? No talking. Keep your eyes on your paper. Yo, Mr. Prezbo, this say "cars." - So? - All the stuff we did in practice was about food. It's okay. It's just a different object. Pay attention to the number. Numbers are messed up, too. We never did one-thirds. It's the same operation-- 1/4, 1/5, 1/3. Follow the same steps. It's just a different denominator. How do you get 1/3 of a car? It's actually 1/3 of all the cars. Was I talking to you?! You get close enough... you could take a headshot. Why? 'Cause maybe he vested up. Word. A chest shot maybe won't do it for you. Then what: You. - It's his turn. - Thug, you on it. You gotta shoot from a distance, you can't risk a headshot. You go for the belly, the dick or the ass area. Because the vest don't go down that far. Bam! Take them out. - Then what? - Walk up, - finish them off. - With a...? Headshot. Damn, y'all coming along full effect. I hear it-- I hear that. All right, now say he in a car. Sergeant Thomas Hauk, Baltimore City Police. Didn't I say City would come running? - Did. - I'll check this joker out for you. See what's what. One other thing, you're are doing okay running them New York niggers of off East Side. I know that. But this thing you got with disappearing the bodies... My man is saying if you just vanishing the bodies like that, it do kind of defeats its own purpose. Niggers don't know if they went back to the Bronx or whatever. - You feel me? - Of course. I'll tell my people. Hey, no disrespect to your professionalism or nothing. We all impressed how you Iose the motherfuckers like that. We just trying to send a message to these New York people in full effect... you know what I'm saying? I'll get back to you on this. So, Councilman, I understand you were a ClD yesterday. See anything big with those downtown boys? Well, they messed up the lunch order. No, I figured I needed to get closer to the street, so that's why I am out here today. Rolling with the mighty is east of the east. Now, remember, we had a shooting incident last week. So, keep those corner fucks to one window. Don't get surrounded. Shit, remember we had a van full of you guys, - we'd find the fucking chap. - What the fuck you say? Dressed like that, Stevie Wonder make you as police. Keep your radio out of sight. Volume up on those boom boxes. 10 bucks say we collar up first. 20 makes it worth our while. Mr. Mayor, you know what's great about the Easter? We are hungry motherfuckers-- respectfully, I mean. So, you're saying, you don't ever give anybody a break? - Anybody? - Nah nah. 'cause if you let him slide for a dollar, it's a sign that you're weak. Today's dollar is tomorrow's two. Yeah, same with your crew. Your boy come up short saying spillage or police or whatever, you let him be, and then he gettin' over on you. - Then you a chump. - So, you got to fuck him up. - Yeah. - You gotta, ahem, mess him up. Nah nah. Something for real happen, you do that. If you do it over some bullshit, then all you did was lose a good worker. Oh, no. Man, you gotta fuck that nigger up, man. Whoa whoa whoa whoa! Whoa! Stop talking on top of each other. This how you communicate out on them streets? All right, it's like this: you boy come back to you, - say this happened, that happened-- - Then you fuck him up. In my mind, I'm gonna let him make it out of his own cut, too. If he good worker, he know what he need to do. Yeah, he got a point. He got a point. That's a good one. If he thinks about it, says it ain't his fault, then that nigger run a game on you. And then you fuck that nigger up. - Yeah. - All right, yeah. - But why? - You know it gotta happen, man. You know what I'm saying! Wait wait wait! One voice. One voice. - Y'all, one voice. - Yo, yo, D, you tell him. There always people watching. Watching... you. True. Yeah. What's taking you boys so long? There he is now. Hurry up, hurry up, this guy. This guy right here. Fuck you, guys. Hey, yo, yo. Yo, man, we need some pills. Yeah, you in the right place, man. Get them for us. Come on, man, I'm going to work. Yo, 20 for the pills and 10 for you. - Leave the bike. - What, you want steal my bike? What the fuck I want your bike for? I got a car. Give me a minute. $20 might not mean nothing to you. But I ain't making that much money. It's hard money. Y'all some lazy motherfuckers. This shit is right around the corner. You have no idea how much we appreciate this. I love it when they come to work pumped like this. Shit. Come on, man. I'm going to work. Come on, man. I'm going to work, man! It's bullshit, man! This is some bullshit right here. For real! For real! I ain't got no drugs, no shit on me. I ain't got nothing on me, man. And you taking my bike, too?! I need that. This is bullshit y'all be using! - One down. -...comin' in the hood fuckin' with us. This is fucked up right here, man. Andre, how you doing? This is a friend of mine-- Detective Moreland. Hey. You doing okay there or what? So, listen, for my friend here, tell me one more time how the thing went down, will you? - The boy came in. - Omar? - Omar. - He puts the nine on her. Says to me, "Whatever you got." Mm-hmm. A nine, huh? Where were you? - Where you see me at. - Mm-hmm. Nine wouldn't go through this. - Why did you come out? - 'Cause he said to. Trying to save her life. Right, I'm saying--- This is like Bank of England glass. Fort Knox glass. And who put that up there? Huh? Guy must have had an elephant gun or some shit. I don't know. The boy had a mask on. A mask, eh? Like Zorro, huh? - When did that happen? - A few weeks back. - Put in a report? - It got away from me. Mm-hmm. Andre. We're going to need you to come down to the office and straighten out a couple of things. I'm running a business here. I ain't going nowhere. Give me a bottle of Mylanta. Please. His whole story is fucked, and here's why: First, it don't make any sense. The shooter took out the woman and left him breathing to talk to you. He should be dead, too. Second, there's a drug depot in there. Ah! The glass, reinforced steel, camera, low inventory. And, third, he's shining us on about that big-ass.50-cal hole because I know who put it there, and he knows who put it there. And if he were to say, "Oh, that? That's Omar's previous. Ripping off a re-up in here--" which is what happened-- he be fucked. So what? A guy comes in the first time with a.50 caliber because he knows the glass is thick, then comes back the next week with a nine? The job isn't about picking the stories we like best. Motherfucker. Now you're going to lecture me about what the job is. - My apologies. - Okay. Let's go downtown. It's a new law, yo-- three pills, that's felony weight. And you're on a pre-indicted corner? - What? - You better show some stash. Oh, it's off the chart now. Those DC boys down there, too, right. They love fresh Baltimore ass. - Mm-mmm. - I ain't know no stash. They say it's better than pussy. - Those my pills. - Yeah. Have you ever heard of federal guidelines? Pre-indicted corners, homeboy. That's three years mandatory. Unless you mitigate. - Mit-a-what? - The stash, front boy. I don't know no stash. Those my pills, man. I'm high right now, look. Yeah. They gonna love him up in there. Come on. - I saw him first. - Yeah? - Bitch is mine. - Those are my pills, I swear. That's two. Get the fuck in the car. Damn, fractions? He's doing fractions. Shit, you want to know what we talked about in my new class today? - What? - Slinging. Yo, I'm not playing. We talked about business, about putting shit on the damn street. Nigga, please. It was like we schooling them. Yo, my new class is the shit. Yo, you going by the gym today? No, man. I gotta go vial up what's left on this package so I can re-up. All right. - All right, man. - Peace, man. That shit is easy though, right? I got to leave soon, Duquan. Okay. What level are you on? 12. Ah, I never made it past 10. Want to see me get to 40? That's cheating. Want me to show you how? Baltimore City Police Department. Yes, ma'am, this is Sydney Handjerker with Handjerker, Cohen & Bromburg. I'm trying to locate a Sergeant Thomas Hauk in regards to a client I am representing. Hold, please. Mayor's office, Lieutenant Hoskins. Yes, hello. This is Ervin Pepper of Pepper, Pepper & Bayleaf. I'm calling in regards to a Sergeant Thomas Hauk in regards to a-- He's no longer on this detail. Hold on for a minute. Major Crimes. May I help you? This is Dr. Jay calling with test results for Thomas Hauk. He's on the street. You want to leave a message? Hello: Let's do it. You've just got to walk up on him, all right? Snap one. We've gotta make sure he's from New York first, right? Gotta ask. Ask what? "You from New York?" No, ask a Baltimore question, something a New York nigger won't know. - What's a Baltimore question, yo? - I don't know, Iike, maybe something about club music. They don't know nothing about that shit up in New York. Huh: Ask him, like, who Young Leek be. ( quotes lyrics ) Or K-Swift. Man, I know nothing about that 92Q shit, man. Man, who gives a fuck, yo? You don't know Marc Clarke? "The Big Phat Morning Show"? You ain't right, girl. The average Baltimore nigga is gonna know all that shit, all right? They don't listen to that shit up in New York. They listen to some bullshit up in New York. - Go ahead. - All right, whatever. Hey, got a bet going on, man. - What's up? - Who's your favorite one on "The Big Phat Morning Show," yo? What, are you a New York, girl? Sonjay. - Who? Who? - Kill that show any day. Snoop! Snoop, yo! Snoop, yo! Yo! Chill! Sonjay be on the show too. So maybe I ask the questions from now on, all right? And then they basically entrap some poor bastard on a bet, haul in $20 worth of drugs. Now they've got to process him, feed him, property voucher his bike. Next thing, they're working on some 14-year-old smoke hound like he's Bin Laden. The big haul there is three vials of cocaine. I mean, are you with this? I've been fighting this bullshit for years. The only way to go is high-end enforcement. You pick the targets that'll make a dent out there, reduce the violence. So what's the problem? Problem is I do what I'm told. Meaning? Mr. Mayor, I'm no more a racist than you are. The thing about affirmative action-- I'm just talking policy here, no offense intended-- - None taken. - --it's a numbers game. And numbers games breed more numbers games. You need a 20% hike in the hiring of black officers to keep up with the city demographic. But that's also got to be reflected straight up the chain, which means fast-tracking some people past where their-- how do I say this-- there are experienced warrants. And he who owes his good fortune to the numbers, abides in them. Gotta show arrests are up 15, 20%. We'll worry about the quality later. So what you saw out there, it's a con game, a Band-Aid on cancers. So no, I'm not with this, but I do follow orders. However, if those orders were to change, or if I had the opportunity to change them myself... Oh no, you not! What's this shit doing in my house? I stretching bottles, Ma. You ever see your daddy bring his work home with him like that? That's what you got a lieutenant for. Police come through this door instead of your mother, they will have this whole damn house. This has all got to be packed up and elsewhere right now. All right, be cool. Wait till Bey hears about this. Did you hear that naked-ass appeal to racial solidarity? I'd like to kick his pale entitled ass. Were you listening? He's no more a racist than I am. Might have to kick your ass, too. What have you heard about this fellow Daniels? Major in the Western. Yeah, he's there, but not much politically. I don't think he's got any suction with anybody. Where's the Rice-A-Roni? Ma, where's the Rice-A-Roni? There was this boy on the stoop that looked like he was starving. So you cooked it for him? Naw, I just gave it to him. You just gave it to him. Boy ate a raw box of Rice-A-Roni? How much did you sell the groceries for? Don't look at me like that. I gotta go out. - $10? - You have your Rice-A-Roni profits. Michael, come on! Boy, I ain't gonna let you hold the DSS card if you ain't gonna do right by me. You're gonna let me hold that card. You're a hard child. Next time, don't go selling the food out of our mouths! Yeah, like y'all say-- don't lie, don't bunk, don't cheat, don't steal, or whatever. But what about y'all, huh? What, the government? What it-- Enron? Ha! Steroids, yeah. Liquor business: Booze is the real killer out there. And cigarettes-- oh, shit. Hey, you got some smokes in there? I'm trying to quit. And drugs paid your salary, right? No, not exactly, but I get your point. We do the same thing as y'all, except when we do it, it's like, "Oh my God, these kids is animals." Like it's the end of the world coming. Man, that's bullshit, all right? 'Cause it's like-- what is it-- hypocrite-- hypocritical. I mean, yeah, we got our thing, but this is just part of the big thing. Exactly. But this corner-boy thing, right? All y'all did all this talking up in here. You think you could sit down and write down the laws to your thing? Hell yeah. I'll do it right now. Shit. No, I'm talking about-- can y'all do it together? I give the test on fractions, half the kids have breakdowns. I still have a lot of kids who can barely handle whole numbers. Well, if it's any comfort, I have outside of my advanced class maybe half a dozen reading at grade level. Try having them on the periodic table of elements. The thing is, it's your curriculum, and you have to stick to it. - I can't. It's absurd. - You have to. That test in April is the difference between the state taking over the school or not. Maybe the state should. Look, you teach math, you teach the test. North Avenue is all about the leave-no-child-behind stuff getting spoon-fed. And what do they learn? Find some middle ground. Every day try to do a little for the statewide, and keep a unit problem on the blackboard for Donnelly. You know, if she comes to visit, she thinks you're on point. The rest of the time, do what you feel like you need to do. But be careful. You're are still on the far side of your evaluation. The first year isn't about the kids, it's about you surviving. Whoo-hoo! Get up! Get up! Hands on your head. - I was eating that. - Fuck you. - That's my lunch. - Fuck you. Find a wall, motherfuckers. Man. Get your feet up. - This is harassment. - What did I say to you? "Fuck you." That's what you said to me. There's nothing here, man. Oops. My bad. You want to play games with me? I'm going to be in your people's shit like this every day until my camera comes home. You hear me? Every day. You and yours. Let's go. Ah, that felt good! The old Western DEU rides again. Yes? Anyone from the ClD reports at the front desk. Any ClD reports to the front desk. Respectfully, sir, I would feel better if you cleared this through the chain of command. Yes, sir. I'll think about that. - Problem with the bosses? - One in particular. - That was our mayor-to-be. - Carcetti? Seriously? He wants to meet. You and him? Alone? He wants to talk about the police department-- what works, what doesn't. You have the mayor's ear now. Look at you. Here's the thing: What do I say? What do you mean what do you say? How honest should I be: I mean, it's one thing for me to talk technical shit or enforcement strategies, but the shit that actually goes on? I start talking about that, I don't know if I can stop. Cedric, this is your chance. This is a career. What if I take my shots at Burrell and Rawls and he decides not to clean house? What then? The new mayor calls you up, asks you for your take on things, and you don't want to be, what, a politic? Carcetti-- ugh. I don't even know the man. If he is calling you, it's because guys like Burrell and Rawls are on the ropes. - Maybe. - I know there is a risk, but maybe I'd fire away... both barrels. I'll wait out here, man. Up top. I'll wait, I'll wait. You got that grub, you got that pot? Aw, wait. ( quotes lyrics ) Yo. Who made that track? Yo, who you talking to, dawg? I'm asking who Young Leek be. You mean 2 Phat's cousin? - Who? - No. Nigga, then how the fuck should I know?! Yo, who the fuck is you talking-- - Aw, shit. - Not bad. Fuck that nigga. What up, B? - Where Ma at? - Upstairs. Michael, my daddy came home. Daddy came home? - Look who home! - Michael. Damn, you grew. And a pack of Kools for Macia. Still tricking for that clown? You know, I don't understand why people talk trash about him. All I know is he loves me. Well, when you get tired of him going upside your head and all, you'll really know who loves you. Whatever. Whoa. Motherfucker, what? He had 12 years. Parole. It was only a drug charge. You swore he wasn't coming back. This is a good thing, Michael. It's going to be back the way it was. The way it was? We a family again. You lied to me. People change, Michael. He said you can give him back the independence card too. He gonna take care of all that for us. Thanks for coming up from Washington. The party is happy for the opportunity. You've got some heat behind you at this point. - But down to business. - The way we see it, we've got to cobble together a citywide turnaround, call it the "Baltimore Miracle" or some shit. Which starts with a 10% drop in crime. Since that was your campaign cry, - you want the double digits. - No doubt. Denny's got to do a bricks-and-mortar project downtown, put his name on something. We're flushed with stadiums, got hotels out of the ass. You guys got a good convention center? - And a convention center expansion. - Gotta put something up, get the sign on it that says, "Brought to you by Tommy Carcetti and the citizens of Baltimore." Well, think on it, but you don't have - too much time to decide. - Anything else? Education always polls good. Oh no, we've got to stay away from schools. Our last four administrations Ieft us with an inner-city system with inner-city problems. We get involved, start talking shit, it becomes our mess. Gotta respect the depths. One, you get the drop in crime; two, you build something downtown; and three, you stay away from schools; And, four, you keep your boyish good looks. You do all that, you might be running for governor in 2008, maybe take back that statehouse for us, hmm? - Can you get him a square corner? - Easy. You okay? Yeah. You sure? - Is it something at home? - No. - Come on. - I said no. Okay. If there's ever anything you want to talk about... there's me, but if you'd rather, I can write you a pass to see the social worker. Just say when. Michael, do you want to see the social worker? No. I have to say, I've never seen kids like them this animated in a classroom. Focused-- the corner culture kids, at least. The ones with deeper problems, they opted out of that. Deeper problems: We're not just up against corner logic in there. I am seeing oppositional defiant disorders, clinical depression, post traumatic stress, and with the girl Shaundra, borderline psychoses maybe. With those type of problems, we are gonna have to have a social worker here full-time. But the corner kids, yeah, they really came alive. Yeah, when they talk about what they know, they talk from here, and they stay on point. Shit, they have been even taking turns in there. Question is: Can we get them in that kind of mindset on stuff they don't know? Can we have them learn on faith alone? In all honesty, this is uncharted territory. Where do you go from here? How about we just let this ride, see where it takes us? All right, see, here's the thing: Once you got it, it's all you. Anything happen, I'm gonna have to fuck you up. Yeah, but that's nothing. 'Cause the guy trusting me on this-- Marlo-- he'll kill you and your whole family. So don't go shaking the bottles 'cause Marlo weighs that shit every time. - I ain't shaking shit. - See that you don't, 'cause if you do fuck with it, I'm gonna know. All right, that's good. All right, it's good. All right, see, you're under 13 and shit. So you're safe from everybody but me and Marlo. - So I'm a lieutenant now? - Yeah. You're my lieutenant. And all I get is an extra $10? Yeah, you do this good, and we'll talk. See this guy here? That's the grand jury prosecutor. Now, you lie to us, it's just good clean fun. But you tell tales to that three-piece motherfucker, ooh, shit! I ain't telling lies. Hey, Gary, let me ask you this hypothetically: How much time does a witness get for lying to your grand jury? Are you kidding? As much as I can get him. - What's the max? - 10 years. Oh, you've got people going away for 10 years? Oh, hell yeah, all the time. 10 years! I thought he was going to say, like, two or three. Hey, look, that motherfucker went upside my head. I couldn't even see straight. Which motherfucker are we talking about? Then they got me on that medication. It made me groggy as shit. Then this man starts working at me-- - Fuck I did! - I mean, shit! I'm still groggy now. I mean, I got to-- is there a washroom around: - Lying motherfucker. - For real. Pull over, asshole. Shit. Step out of the car, please. Step out of the car. Put your hands on the car. Got anything on you? Have a seat on the curb. Have a seat. Cross your feet. Put your hands on your head. What the fuck is this powder? Lime from my mama's garden. What are you building, a clubhouse? Oh, that shoot nails. Be cool. Oh, I know what it does. I want my fucking camera. I heard what you said at Comstat the other day. I also hear you're a commander who knows police work. That's what people are saying. So, yesterday I did a ride-along in Eastern, watched street pops, undercover rips. - So what am I thinking? - My guess: You witnessed a waste of time, money, energy, and, in few cases, talent. Rawls says it's Burrell and his numbers game. He says if I unleash him, put him in the driver's seat, then all that bullshit goes south. See a return of high-end police work, says it'll be the dawning of a new day. - Rawls said that? - Yeah. Says he's just following orders, being a good soldier. What do you say? Mr. Mayor, if you want to talk to me about what happens in the street or what goes on under me in the Western, I'll talk your ear off. But I'm a soldier too. I don't go up the chain with my opinions. I can respect that. I will say this though: We did have one unit doing high-end stuff-- Major Crimes working out of an offsite down on Clinton Street. "Did" is past tense. What wrecked it? Good question, Mr. Mayor. With Ray Foersters' passing, I'm going to need a new ClD commander right away. Would you object to being made colonel working under Rawls? Under Rawls? He is deputy ops, is he not: Is the mayor going to make the changes or just leave it to the good soldier? What I'm really asking is: How for real are you? Well, I guess we're going to find that out together, aren't we... Colonel Daniels? What the fuck do we do? I don't know. These guys don't scare. If we all kick in-- you, me, Sydnor-- maybe we could afford a used camera. I thought of that. It ain't gonna match the serial numbers from the one for my lSD. We've gotta get wood on Marlo. It's the only way. This Randy kid, he can't give us a murder, right? Shit, he can't even give us a body. But he says some Little Kevin kid was the one supposed to tell Lex to go up in that alley. Plus, what did fuck-nut say Little Kev said? "Lex went up the alley, but he ain't coming back." Maybe he saw the whole thing. Maybe he's our eyeball witness. - Little Kevin: - Little Kevin. Carry the four. 80, 100, 10, 20. 420. Where's the rest? Um... I'm on a hard strip. It's tricky on Lafayette. What the fuck are you doing there? I've got to build it up. Nah nah, you ain't got to build up shit. Your father built them corners, and they owe you 'cause they owe him. Bodie's got a real short memory when it comes to giving props. Ma. I going to straighten this shit out right now. Ma, let me build. Ma! Sir. Bill... we need to regroup. I've come up with something fresh for the new administration. Hmm? I don't mind telling you, I'm uncomfortable with the way Carcetti is running around in our shop. He's talked to me several times. You're making your move, huh? We were a good team, you and me. We were. - Miss Ella, where Bug at? - He went home, Michael. Nah, he waits for me. The man who came and picked him up said he was his father. And Bug said so, too. Fuck! Mmm. What the fuck did you do? And why'd you let him do it? - Hey, listen to me-- - No. That's how you got him with his head up his ass-- unsolving his own fucking murders. Your job is to turn red to black, not the other way. And you, stand the fuck up for yourself. You don't got to do the whole thing on your fingers, little man. Look, first count-- six and six is... 12. Put down the two, you bring over the one. - Bug. - Hey, big man. Get over to me now. - We were just going to-- - Now.