to giving 110% in our efforts to fight this war against drugs and take back your streets. But we can't do it alone. So when you see illegal activity we need you to pick up the phone and call it in so that... Man, that's bullshit. Please hold all your questions... I near wore out my phone dialin' 6-8-5-drug and for what? Those boys were back on the corner the next damn day. The fact remains the police department can't do it alone. We need your cooperation. My cousin Willy Gant cooperated. He went downtown and testified. He deader than Tupac today. Look, I know the problem seems insurmountable. But we are making progress. Take a look at this chart. This line here represents... I have the microphone, ma'am. Let the woman speak. My kids, they can't play outside no more. Some nights, when we hear these pops we got to sleep under our beds. I come home from work I can't even get up my front steps 'cause they occupied by the drug dealers. Is that in that picture you got up there? I'm Major Colvin. I apologize for giving you the wrong impression tonight. We mean no disr'espect. I know what's going on in your neighborhoods. I see it every day. Ma'am, it pains me that you cannot enter your own front door in safety and with dignity. The truth is, I can't promise you it's gonna get any better. We can't lock up the thousands out there on the corners. There'd be no place to put them even if we could. We show you charts and statistics like they mean something. But you going back to your homes tonight we gonna be in our patrol cars and them boys still gonna be out there on the corners deep in the game. This is the world we've got, people and it's about time all of us had the good sense to at least admit that much. So, what's the answer? I'm not sure. But whatever it is it can't be a lie. It's all yours, Sergeant. As I was pointing out... Who gave him a can of gasoline and told him to put out the fire? ... Are making progress. Tommy Carcetti. Marla Daniels. I'm gonna... gonna take a run at Eunetta Perkins. I know who you are. I've seen you with Delegate Watkins a couple times already. Well, Councilman, this is not your home district. What brings you to the Westside? I got the public safety subcommittee, so... here I am. Anyway, good luck with Eunetta. And welcome, Ms. Daniels, to the noble calling of public service. ... further west in your neighborhoods. </i> The numbers of crimes against merchants are way, way down. </i> We believe we're making significant... </i> What the hell was that? Tired of the bullshit. Tired make you lose your mind? Amsterdam So what you need from Bubs, I mean exactly? Lay of the land. Who has what corners, now that the towers are down. We wanna know what happened to the Barksdale people especially. And this pay how much? Let's treat it like a real job? Say five an hour, 30 on a day max. That's less than minimum wage. That's no withholding, Bubs. It's tax-free. Alright. It feels good to be out here, you know? Gainfully employed. - Thought your boy was coming, too. - Johnny? He don't think much of this here with y'all. 'Sides, he happen to be one of the laziest white boys to ever shit between two shoes. - Me, I been workin' since I was a kid. - Yeah? What's your resume read like, Bubs? Just curious. Well, I ain't claimin' no payroll jobs, Kima. It's been a while since I punched a clock. When was that? Long time ago before I had a sheet. Shoot, I was... I was still clean. I got one of those stock boy jobs for one of those "cheapest guy in town" stores. Unloading appliances taking air conditioners and shit out to the customers' cars like that. How many you want? What happened? I put a clock radio in the trash can one day tryin' to be cute, and got caught. I ain't even need a clock radio. See, that's me. Born fuck up. A- ight, you know what? Five dollars an' hour. 30 on the day. That'll work. And this here is your get-out-of-jail-free-card. On this card is my full name and phone number. A police officer was shot in this neighborhood a couple of weeks ago. Y'all know the incident I'm speaking of, right? I'm lookin' for the officer's gun a glock nine which happened to misplace itself during this incident. Now, I don't care... I don't care who has it now I just need it to find its way home. Y'all don't happen to know a fella by the name of Peanut, right? I didn't think so. Anyway, gentleman, you know, one hand washes the other. You give me a good word on that gun and I can make almost any charge disappear... Any questions? Get 'em out. Shit, I had to try somethin'. One each. Keep it movin'. Little boys, yellow tops all day long. Right here. </i> Alright, alright. You see him to get that knock out shit, a-ight. Good luck to ya. Yo, he down across Freemont? Yeah, that way on this side. Oh and Barksdale is down the way. Got the red tops, red tops! Spider bags. Come get the red tops, red tops!</i> Major Crimes Unit. He's not in right now. Alright. To what do we owe the honor? Just checking in. Why, you got somethin' goin' on? Nothing too sexy. Just pushing a case up a hill, inch by inch on Kintel Williamson... our stated target. We're workin' too, Lester. Yeah, on your own thing. You even listening to me, McNulty? I got a real case to bring in. Fella name of Stringer Bell. You mighta heard of him. You got a mouth on you, boy. He's still out there, Lester. He's got his corners, his money... fuck it, by now, for all you know he's got all that downtown real estate. Motherfucker probably owns half of Baltimore without us even knowing it. That ain't the point... Do you even know what happened to all that real estate, Lester? All that downtown property Bell had title on? Fuck no. He's probably laughing his balls off right now at you, me, Daniels, all of us. You even pretending to speak for anyone other than yourself, McNulty? I'm speaking for the job. You wanna talk about police work? I was doing the job when you were just dreamin' on it. Daniels was out there, too. Now, you gonna fuck him when he pulled you off a got-damn boat? He's a boss, fuck the bosses. Maybe Daniels plays a few games to get by but he's cost himself plenty for the sake of the job! He's earned some loyalty. Fuck loyalty and fuck you, Lester. I never thought I'd hear chain-of-command horseshit come outta your mouth. Motherfucker, I've spent a lot of time in a lot of weak units. More than you. Now, this here? May not be perfect - but it's a chance to be police. - Well, then be one. You're not even worth the skin off my knuckles, junior. Jimmy, don't... You put fire to everything you touch, McNulty then you walk away while it burns. I got nothin' more to say to you. Nothin'. And you. I'm surprised at you, girl. Daniels raised you from a pup. Gotta get with Bubs. Check on those fucking properties. Well, Major Colvin, what do you think? It all sounds good. But before I give you a final answer, I need to speak with my wife. I'm not talking about the position. Your cheesecake. The cheesecake's fine. They bring it in from Michael's, out on York Road. It's got a little cinnamon in the crust. None better. Course, I like to think our offer's pretty damn good, too. Excuse me while I go to the little boy's room, gentlemen. I need to tinkle. Tinkle? I never understood why a grown-ass man gotta talk like that. He need to take a piss, whether he know it or not. You'll get used to these academic types, Bunny. 'Specially when you get that first paycheck. I mean, 80k is nothin' to sneeze at for a number two security job. Full bennies on top of your pension. Yeah, it is generous. And dull... in a good way. I mean... the worst you'll ever see is a rape. A date rape, maybe. You're ready to take it down a notch, aren't you? Hell yes. Yeah, that's how I felt. My only regret was that I didn't tell the deputy ops to stick it in his ass on my way out the fucking door. Johns Hopkins wants you, Bunny. And they wanna pay Johns Hopkins money. But what? You gotta ask your wife? Oh man, I ain't gotta ask her nothin'. I'm just... letting Mr. Jenkins stew a little, is all. Wonder what's keeping him. All he had to do was tinkle. I guess he felt the need to make a dookie, too. They got corners up on Argyle and along Freemont up top. Avenue corners belong to everybody. Some who was with Barksdale, some independent-like. McHenry Street got some of Barksdale's people too but gangster Webster's crews is right beside 'em. What about the Lower Avenue corners and the Poe Homes? They belong to a young boy name Marlo. Go by the name a Black. Marlo? Young boy. Got all that good real estate near downtown? Got hisself the lunchtime trade. If Bell and Barksdale were gonna hold anything they'd hold onto the Homes and Avenue corners. Is Marlo one of Barksdale's people? Marlo what? C'mon, you got anything else on this guy? You got another tip, maybe? So much for the hourly wage. 1-0-7-m-7-0-3. Yeah. That's the tag on the truck he ride. 1-0-7-m-7-0-3. Did you prime it? That little rubber ball right there, next to the spark plug. You gotta push it in three times before you try to start it. Gets the gas goin' to the carb. You want the truth, I ain't never used one of these. Never had no call to. Yeah, well, I didn't pick you up for your landscaping skills. All these Spanish? They on paper, too. I only use people like y'all. Sometimes it comes back on me, sometimes it works out fine. How long you been uptown? 10 years. Hotter than a motherfucker out here. Yeah, it's hot. Every day. You gonna be ridin' in the back of that hard truck bouncin' around every day. And your back's gonna be yellin' at you, every day. I used to drive an SL. Pretty gold convertible, nice rims. I don't even think on that car no more. You put it behind you, huh? Some can't. I'm just sayin': You wanna stay on the straight ain't gonna be no big reward to it. This is it right here. Prime that bitch three times. She'll start right up. Miss Pearlman. Cedric. How goes Kintel Williamson? - Anything there for me yet? - No, not yet. We'll get there. Is that all you came by to tell me? Just keeping the lines of dialogue open. So, what's on your plate? Oh, there's plenty of surprises around here. Parole hearing? This soon? He fingered a dirty guard up at Jessup, apparently. Got a big gold star next to his name. That's some bullshit. Not to worry. They send me the hearing notifications for a reason. "Mr. Barksdale ran a continuous, violent criminal enterprise and was a major drug trafficker. " "During the years 1999 to 2002 he was strongly suspected to have ordered or caused the deaths of over a dozen individuals. " Parole commission's not gonna walk him on his first trip to the plate. Not after a letter like that. Good work. I have my moments. Nice suit, by the way. Thanks. I see you dress left. Everyday. The number you've called is no longer in service. </i> If you feel you've reached this recording in error</i> please check the number and dial... </i> Nothing? That address up off Reisterstown. Same one he was showing two years ago when I ran the car he was using. Stringer's a settled guy. Not there he ain't. Woman living there, last time I checked. Just a front name. His girl maybe. Not unless he likes 'em over 50 and asshole ugly. I'm sure she's real nice though. Good school spirit... always says "hi" to you in the halls. You think he met her in college? What, what'd I say? What you got? Tag comes back to an address over on Dukeland. Female, 53 years... See? That's how they do... But I got a hit on a Marlo, street name of Black. Marlo Stanfield. 22 years BPI number and a pretty good sheet. What, you thought he'd be cherry? Oh, I knew he had his cherry busted, but not like this. Check it out. Think I'm gonna take a ride downtown to homicide. Wanna come? Nope, got someplace to be. This thing with Lester? I feel like shit about it. Well, you get used to it... We roll up and get out of the car. </i> Crowd parts like the red sea. Victim on the ground, bleeding all over the place. </i> Screaming "I'm going to kill that fucking bitch. "</i> But nothing's really wrong with him... </i> Ah, shit. You tried to sneak by me, didn't ya? I was just comin' in quiet and respectful. Well, for a big man, you do have a dancer's grace. But I, sir, I have the eyes of an eagle. And the fact that you tried to slither into your work space undetected does not bode well for the recovery prospect of our missing firearm, does it? I'll get it. What up, Mr. Bunk? Hey, girlfriend. Vernon Holley working tonight? Uh, yeah, he's four-to-twelve. You should try the coffee room. Alright. Man, I would murder that. If she wasn't... particular? Hey Busfield, that line is blinkin' for you. </i> - Find that gun. - Yeah, okay. Motherfuck you, too. Marlo Stanfield A.K.A. Black. Boy's the spawn of the devil, Kima. I see. Y'all damn near had him on this murder. What happened? We had a wit. Boy they called Pooh Bear, chubby fella with braids. We stashed Pooh over in east Baltimore. Even had him wear one of those e-lectronic bracelets so we could find him quick. You lost him? Not exactly. Pooh went back to the Westside to cop some hydro. He could've bought the same weed where he was, right? We found him with two in his chest and one in his mouth. The bracelet led us right to the spot where he fell. Those things work. Marlo's serious. That motherfucker's real. I dunno, I think a volcano's way better than a computer. You see computers every day. How often do you see a volcano? Yeah, like I built the computer. Hey, you built the volcano. Big whoop. Can I keep it? Yeah, if you want to. - Night, Mikey. - Night. - Sleep tight. - Okay. It's good that you came. He's very proud. Glad to. Jimmy, um, there's a problem with the alimony. What's the problem? You're behind by like four months. What can I tell you? I'm paying 2,000 a month in support. After that, there's nothing left. Right. But you signed a separation agreement that gives me another 1,000 in alimony... Elena, I only signed that fucking thing 'cause I thought we'd be together. Look at how much I make I'm not even close to being able to pay that much every month. My lawyer says that we have to serve you. What, that suit of a boyfriend won't cough up any cash? Blood from a stone, darlin'. Beginning today you can sell drugs in west Baltimore but only where we say you can. Push 'em. Hard. Get to it, people. And don't get captured. Stay right there. Get him up against the wall. Hey, listen to what I'm tellin' you. You know, kids. This is a simple fucking thing we're saying here. If you stay on this corner, you're going in a wagon. If you move yourself down to the free zone down to the vacants along Vincent Street then you can do whatever the fuck you want. How much fairer can we be? Yeah, I saw that, you little fuck. What's your name? You got a name? Peanut Butter and Jelly. Address? What's your address? I stay over on Dolphin Street. Your address, numbnuts. Are there any numbers on the front of your fucking house? Listen up. This corner is indicted. We're coming back tomorrow and when we do everybody wears bracelets... unless you move your shit down to Vincent Street down where the houses are all vacant. You do that, we don't give a shit. Vincent Street is like Switzerland. Or Amsterdam. The fuck is that? It's one of those countries where drugs are legal. Vincent Street is your Amsterdam in Baltimore. You go down there, we don't give a fuck. You stay here, you go to jail. I ain't goin' to no Hamsterdam. Killed a witness, huh? The way that Vernon Holley told it, yeah. So, Marlo's a hitter. Maybe he works for Stringer. Makes sense. If you need me, I'm gonna be Westside. What about you? I gotta get the scent of my boy, Stringer. We been off him too long. What's your first move? Something Prez said. P- and-p? B- and-b, like the liquor. You mean, liqueur, Plauzinski... Prez-blew-skee. Benedictine and brandy. That was invented by a bartender over at Club 21. All that good shit comes outta New York. I need every deed transfer involving that company, Harry. Today. Yo, I'm asking them corner boys if they know where the Barksdale package be at? They lookin' at me like I ain't even talkin'. On this strip, Marlo's the name ringin' out. There he is. Ya see him? He didn't stay too long. Marlo's ghostin'. We're kinda sensitive about giving out personal data on matriculating students. Well, I could come back with a court order. Then'd have to give it to you. My man has serious issues with women. Domestic violence, really ugly stuff. I can't show you any paper. But let me get my screen up. What did we tell you? What'd we fuckin' tell you, man? We told you to get your selves down to the free zone, didn't we? We're tryin' to give you guys a break. We're offerin' you, uh... amnesty. You take your crew down to Vincent Street you do your dirt, nobody's gonna bother you. Whad'ya say? You guys fucking braindead? Whad'ya say? Yo, chief how you gonna come up here and try to game us? Say what? I'm sayin' ya actin' like we retarded or somethin'. Better we put a foot in your ass? Least we'd understand it. This ain't a trick, shitbird. Look: we grind, and y'all try to stop it. That's how we do. Why you gotta go and fuck with the program? All due respect. Nothing but tumbleweeds. Get me some buses. Tomorrow, we clean the corners put 'em all in one place and give 'em the news. And I'm not asking anymore. From here to Freemont you got Barksdale's people eastsiders and freelancers, too. On the same corners? Yup. That shit don't make sense. Yo, can we call it a day, Kima? Bullshit, man. You too? What the fuck is up with these phones? I be seein' kids throwin' them away all day. They got cash like that to waste? These shits be layin' all over. Sometimes you get lucky find some minutes on 'em sell 'em for walkin' around money. They burners, Kima. Burners? Marone, another murder. In Waverly, no less. You believe it? I would be fuckin' shocked if it was an african-american perpetrated the crime. It ain't even funny, Ang. This is why everyone's leaving this city, black and white. I was at a community meeting Sunday in west Baltimore. People were spittin' mad. And I can't say I blame them. Well, they could move to a better neighborhood. That is, if they were willing to work for it. Come on, I been hearin' all that my-poor-immigrant-father-made-it - so-why-can't-the-blacks bullshit my whole life. You think there's not good people on the Westside who want the same things that you... Okay, Mrs. Roosevelt. All's I'm sayin' is, it's not about color. So what's your next move, Tommy? The Sun says an Anderson's state senate seat is up for grabs. Fuck that, you could go after Ruppersberger in the second. He's only got one term. I'm gonna run for mayor. Mayor Tommy. She in the right joint? She lets me sit next to her, I buy her a drink... We each give you 10. 20 if you fuck her. Oh please, show just a little more class, besides I already had my day in the sun. Bullshit, Tommy. Once a gash-hound... The bet is the bet, you said I lost a step. I'm gonna prove I never did. - You in, Pete? - I'll pass. The sonofabitch did it. He did you. That's Theresa d'Agostino. Mario Dee's kid? Yeah, she grew up alright. She's down in D.C. Now with the national party. A campaign fixer. No shit. Tommy's known her ever since law school. Just hear me out, okay? - One drink. - Go ahead. You're paying for it. Actually, they are. You made a bet. Don't tell me we have to kiss or something. Not gonna happen. This isn't about ankle straps and a two-and-a-half star hotel, is it? Because the Alumni dinner ended an hour ago and I could be back in D.C. right now... That's the old me, Terri. Everything I got now, my wife, my kids... I would not risk losing them. No way. Seeing you with your old gang made me think bad thoughts. Your friends cheapen you, Tommy. You're just pissed off that they didn't recognize you when you walked in. And why would they? I mean, you're a Washingtonian now. That's Pete Sinopoli over there, isn't it? I hear he's back to practicing law. Yeah. He just didn't have it, did he? I have it, Terri. I'm gonna make a run for mayor. And you're gonna run my campaign. Gimme one good reason why not to. I could give you 10. But here's the good one: You're the wrong color. You're not electable here. And I never play the longshot. You like to win. I don't like to lose. It's not the same thing. But where's the fun in it if you know you're gonna win? I mean, you handled that democrat in east L.A. What was his name, Garcia... - Valdez. - Valdez. How hard was that? I need someone like you on my side. I need you. How big a win bonus? Get a white mayor elected in Baltimore, honey you name your price. One drink was the deal. Go home, sleep it off. You'll wake up and realize you're making a mistake. I can do this. Question is, are you gonna come with me? B and B. Hello? Yo, how we not going to throw a few hot ones at the motherfuckers? One ass-whuppin' an' we back off like some bitches. Now we on this off-brand strip right here. Not even enough trade for poot and his crew. This is bullshit, man. Look, man, String gonna fix it, you'll see. Which one a y'all is Slim Charles? Who ask? That be Cutty. Your boy gave me a number, said to ring you up when I was ready to put in some work. But no answer. Took your time callin' back, right? Numbers don't play after a few days, man. - We change 'em up. - Ain't you know nothin'? Respect, dawg, respect. Y'all don't know who ya'll talkin' to, man. You still ain't say your business. I'm tryin' to get put on. What you got in mind? Whatever you got that pays. Yo, Poot. Come here, man. Hey, look, man, call Shamrock, man. And tell him that soldier finally came into the camp. You a soldier, huh? Chill, Bodie, man, chill, man. Bodie Broadus? Yeah, that's right. Shit, I remember your little ass when you was still in diapers. I used to spar with your older brother, James. That boy had a killer left. Yeah, when he ain't drop it. He still out here? James been dead. Fuck's up with that cheesebox? You ain't never rid no school bus before? I'm sayin', what they doin' with the niggas on that corner? Look, dawg. First thing, we gonna need to do is get you some chrome. C'mon, man. My phone... shit. Yo, T.J. You got one with some minutes left? ...which is not to say that you couldn't do some multi-use with the Howard Street properties, too. Residential-commercial could work. On Howard Street? The whole point of the block grant is to bring the Westside back and make it high-end. The hippodrome project was just a start, see? But residential? With the stadium and the theater back on line that whole area is like inner harbor east 10 years ago. And the thing is you're on the ground floor with what you're holding. Yes, you are String. So we're still talking more return than just flipping the properties for the condemnation money. Way more. Excuse me. Yo. Naw. Not right now. A half hour. No, Sir, go ahead and fill it up. You got the order number, right? Move your ass. Man, this some bullshit. My moms is gonna be worried, and shit. Y'all is kidnappin' niggas. I'm Major Colvin. My name is Major Colvin. Major what? Major these, motherfucker. And we had to bring you down here this afternoon because you've not been complying with our directives. Say what? You're haven't been doing what we asked you to do. When I'm done. I gotta pee now. He ain't playin'. Smell like he already pissed in his drawers. Alright, go ahead. Yo, I gotta go, too. Well, you're just gonna have to wait. You just let him go, how you gonna discriminate? Yo, faggy, why you touch my butt? That's enough. The fun is over. Tyrell. Why weren't you in school today? My stomach hurt. I couldn't make it out the baff-room. Stand up when I talk to you, young man. I know your mother, Tyrell. She didn't raise any clowns. - Now did she? - No, ma'am. It's yours, Major. Now, ladies and gentlemen we brought you down here because... you're here to learn about the new way... the new way that we're going to do things on the corners... </i> That's downtown. Well, that makes no sense. All four. Go ahead, rip me a new asshole and ask me where I been for two days. 'Tell us, hotshot. College registrar gives up Stringer's course schedule. I tail him to where he's laying his head. Downtown high-rise. Name's on the lease, too. No attempt to hide it. I get up early next morning, follow him from his door to a lunch meeting with the State Senator. Same one with the bag man we bounced the last time around. Couple of white guys at the table, too, but nobody I read. And all the while, Stringer's using his cell phone. Making calls in front of these suits like it ain't no thing. Shit, I even rang it up myself. Got his number from an admissions form. Number wouldn't be 732-8793? I had Prez pull the B-and-B property assessments and land transfers from circuit court. Some of the paperwork asked for a contact number. So, I'm not surprised our boy's using his cell phone so freely. Those right there are the incoming and outgoing numbers on his phone. Damn near all of them are downtown exchanges. Architectural firms, city licensing... attorneys, zoning offices. Even campus exchanges over at B.C.C.C. You sayin' he's right? I'm saying the phone is right. Account information confirms he's had that number listed... for quite awhile. Nice work. Maybe the cell phone is clean because he's keeping it. If it was dirty, it probably be a burner. Disposables. The latest in yo tech. They make a few calls with a burner, throw it away. Go on to the next phone, do the same. There's more of those things laying around the streets of west Baltimore than empty vials. Well, how the fuck you supposed to get a wire up on that? Yeah, well, first it was payphones and pagers. Then it was cell phones and face-to-face meets. Now this. The motherfuckers do learn. Every time we come at them, they learn and adjust. So... Stringer's out of reach. You know, a couple years ago when they were buying up all that downtown real estate I thought they were buying it to flip it and get the cash when the federal payout money lands and the properties are condemned. Bell and Barksdale haven't sold any of it. They're buying more, in fact, and applying for building permits. Seems that Stringer Bell's worse than a drug dealer. He's a developer. Jesus fuck, he's really legit? Well, you real police? Now that he's out in the open, why don't you pull him up and ask him? You need a few days, I'll stall Daniels. But after that, you come home with a case we can use or you swallow your got-damn pride and rejoin this unit. How you doin', Donette? I'm fine, String. I missed you, baby. Look, I'm sorry for not returning them calls. Sorry don't keep my bed warm at night. Shorty, I been runnin'. Ain't like I'm trying to shut you out I just got business to attend to, you know? Do you know how it feels to be alone out here? Police comin' to my door, and I got no one to stand beside me. You said the detective left you... a card. Man say D'angelo wadn't no suicide. Somethin' about the way the marks was on his neck. He said Dee coulda been murdered, and shit. Sit down. Now listen to me. Everyone in them walls know who Avon is. Ain't nobody gonna do his nephew. Alright? Now as far as you and me go. I did you wrong by keeping you at arm's length. But it ain't gonna be like that no more. God made that. Couldn't be no accident. So why am I on your tab tonight? Tell the truth. I dare that to walk by me again. She better not. Why you buyin', Bunk? I got two dead in what feels like a drug rip up in Pimlico. An' the younguns out on the scene they seem to know this Omar fella by sight. I need Omar, Jimmy. Again? Jesus, Bunk. Yeah... Fuck it, then. Number three? Ah, that worked for you last time. - That blonde by the juke... - Oh, I really liked her. Everybody likes everybody when the kissin'. But no, my friend down there she's a number two, I think. And when it comes up, my mother passed... a week ago and I'm havin' a little trouble gettin' over it. That's why I'm feeling so blue tonight. Okay, your mom's dead and you're sad. Yeah. You my boy. The same way. My mom died about a week ago... Yo. What's up, boss? You got the phone receipts from the Virginia run? Alright. From now on, I want you to deal with these. Alright. If my man Bernard doin' it like we said and makin' them runs then I don't wanna have to deal with this no more. For sure. And if Donette call me... I know. Tell that bitch you busy. No. I'm gonna take the call. Ronnie. Ronnie, Ronnie! Rhonda! ...it was strongly suspected to have ordered or caused the deaths of over a dozen individuals. " Suspected. It's rumor and innuendo. There isn't one new allegation in this letter that wasn't already raised by the assistant state's attorney at the time of the trial. And given my client's superlative record during his incarceration and given his notable role in identifying the source of the overdose deaths at this facility last year I respectfully ask that you honor our existing agreement and approve Mr. Barksdale's early release. - That's bullshit! - Hold your comments, trooper. We made a commitment, Counselor. And given what this institution was dealing with a year ago this is the lesser evil. Rockefeller. Rockefellers on the spot. </i> That's him right there. In that G35, man. Boy in the retro? That shit is tight. $430, it better be. Hell, yeah. I'm 'onna get me one of those motherfuckers. You better get the mugsy bogues, then. 'Cause your mini-me ass gonna swim in that unseld. As usual, y'all fools is missin' my point. That boy came up short on that money last week. Y'all see he get grindin'. So where that money at? You need to look beyond what he driving or wearin' on his back. That boy got a girlfriend? He run with this little freak up at the high school. She wearin' ice? She wearin' an onion, that's about all I can remember. Check out the girl. High school girl with platinum around her neck only one place it came from. Give my man his thing. Sig Sauer. That ain't no lorcin, yung. I'm used to revolvers, man. 38 don't jam. Don't hold 15, neither. Game done changed. Game's the same. Just got more fierce. I'm not big on vacations. Who has time? What about taking the boys down to Ocean City for a weekend or somethin'? You ever been down the ocean? Listen... wasn't like I was waiting for an opening with Rhonda. It just happened. I shoulda told you sooner. I need to know that this isn't going to be a thing between you and me. Nah, I wish you both all the best. Was I very loud last night? Thanks for making this easy on me. You coming? Nah, think I'll stay here a while and nurse this then I'll shove off. One more, an' put a beer next to it. Was up? You good? Look at you, alright. Shit is on. This what I'm talkin' about. Drink that shit. Surprised Avon be lettin' y'all get your heads up. Sometimes you got to. Kiss the sky, nigga. Ready to go? Yeah. Are you alright to drive? I thought you were the designated driver tonight? No, I'm good, really. I'm good to go. G'night. Bitch with one leg named Aaliyah. What kind of shit is that? Oh, shit. You do still like females, don't ya? He home now.