He'll beat the bodies there. He's getting the full treatment, boss. We're good there. Just one witness so far. You know what that means. Right now it's all BNBG. It's Andy Kraw's big adventure. Mayor's office already called twice, worried sick about the man. You're kidding me. That's a whole lotta campaign contributions sitting on the back of that ambo. So what's the scene say ? Two shooters. Shotgun, semiauto. One vic is a West Side soldier with a pretty healthy sheet the other is a major player in Daniel's wiretap case. So a hit. Drug related. With a big time developer in the middle ? What's the fit ? Second vic, Russell Bell owner and co-developer of this here. And other downtown real estate. Well propertied man, he was. But you were aware that Russell Bell was regarded as a major narcotic violator. Well, how do you think he made his money ? I didn't inquire. You never got a look at either of the gunmen. I told you. I saw only the one of them. He was black big, I thought, with a large weapon. BNBG. Big negro, big gun. Two more like it upstairs. Yeah. Have ballistics rush comparisons. Drug-relateds for the last six months. I caught him, Bunk. On the wire. I caught him. He doesn't fuckin'know it. Mission Accomplished Boxing, yeah. I know you loved that. Ugh, I hated it. I hated watching it. Yeah, I know you did. So you're doing good, huh ? Day to day, I am. 'Cause I was thinking maybe... I'm proud of you, Dennis. Be well. Shut that fuckin'door. Man, fuck it. I'm ready for this shit. These niggers are snappin'on us. You see ? Do you believe this fucking shit ? Some shit like this woulda never happened with the old Barksdale. Yo, Slim, man. Say the motherfuckin'word. Shit is on. 'Sup, B ? You a'ight ? We gonna bounce back on the motherfucker, no question. Bounce back on who ? Marlo, boss. Oh, he gonna fall. Marlo, Marlo ain't got shit to do with it. Marlo couldn't get String like that. String died'cause of some other shit. What ? He died because of some other shit, nigger. I couldn't fix it. I tried. That nigger String was right about this shit, man. That nigger was right. Fuck Marlo. Fuck this fucking war. All this beef over a couple of fuckin'corners. Don't matter who did what to who at this point. Fact is, we went to war and now there ain't no going back. I mean, shit it's what war is, you know. Once you in it, you in it. If it's a lie then we fight on that lie but we gotta fight. Got this out of his pocket. I got no idea. It's a cell chip from a phone. What elsedid you get off him ? 200 cash, set of keys, license. President Street address ? I got Landsman bangin'out a warrant for the place. Fuck the politics for a minute. What if the man happens to be right ? Legalizing drugs ? Crime is down in his district and people on that side of town, they're okay with it. Look, if you don't exist, what happens here ? If there's no Tommy Carcetti in this thing, what's likely to happen ? The mayor and Burrell, they shut this thing down. I figure the Mayor's trying to find a way to shuit down to make it look like it was an enforcement plan in case it goes public otherwise he'd have moved to end it already. Makes sense. But no matter what Colvin's little experiment is finished. Come on, Tommy. They dealt you a winning hand and you're acting like you forgot how to play. Mr. Mayor, call it legalization and my office can't live with it. Agreed. No one can. But harm reduction. That could sell provided there's a reduction in the crime rate. Harm reduction. Sounds good. Steven, what if we were able to suggest limiting our street level enforcement we were concentrating our resources on high-level traffickers. How would that play ? Well, if I could show off that kind of casework, yeah, maybe. But they've been doing street rips for so long now I don't think a high level exists. What if we were able to say that no major traffickers were allowed in the free zone... That the major violators were still being targeted, huh ? Are you suggesting some kind of admissions criteria for the zones ? How would that work ? I don't know that it would. I'm just saying that for the sake of public perception. Come on, people, work with me on this thing. Fucked up, ain't it ? Marlo need to get his ass dropped, him and all his crew. </i> They gonna fall. You'll see. </i> All right, let me know. That's the word on the wire, anyway. Every mention puts it on Marlo Stanfield's crew which means the war's gonna ratchet up, no question. Where's Jimmy ? He went with Bunk Moreland to rifle Stringer's spot downtown. - How'd he take it ? - Like Stringer was kin. - Yeah ? - <i>Bushy Top</i> - <i>need to pull your coat up. </i> - Hey, what's up, Major ? I got somethin'for y'all. Mount Vernon Square in about an hour. </i> I'm there. This is Stringer's ? Yeah. Who in fuck was I chasing ? What's done is done. Gay ass gangsters. Please. I took it for as long as I could. Let's go, man. Let's go. It being your town, I trust you to do it proper. You off today, boss ? Every day, at this point. I told 'em over at COMSTAT about my little experiment. Bosses went crazy, huh ? Anyway, that's why I called you. That there is a wartime lay-up for your man Barksdale. My sources tell me the man's there most of the time with a lot of muscle : sawed-offs, semiautos, Mac-11s. Whole lot of good shit if you hit it right. - That's a hell of a tip. - Shit. That right there might be the last bit of police work in a long and storied career. I'll talk to you, Bushy Top. Which one is Ali ? In the white trunks, boy. - Damn, he look young. - He was. This the Patterson fight right here. Old school. Who Patterson ? He soft. Ali whippin'his ass. He was a champ too. Look, any man still standing at the end of a round you can't call him soft. That's a rule, all right ? From Stringer's place downtown. B and B shit, college papers, real estate stuff. There's no phone extension in the place, just these. Cell phone chips. 'Bout 100 of them. So that's why he wasn't taking any phones from our man Bernard, huh ? Stringer had his own phone he just changed the number every time he changed the chip. Shamrock too, probably, with whatever phone he used to call Bell. Cautious man. Yes and no. Have a look in here. All different manufacturers. Before Stringer Bell got aced he went out of his way to put in his good friend Avon Barksdale. That's a Barksdale safe house. Where'd you get this ? Colvin. - Calls to the Western. - Where's Daniels ? He's got this thing downtown. It's for his wife. You should raise him. It's not enough to make up for Stringer. It'll do for now. Because the neighborhoods and the residents in this district are among the poorest in our city. And it is these residents who most need a strong voice at City Hall. Time has come for a change. And I believe I can bring about that change</i> by providing a strong voice for the new 11th District</i> if you will do me the honor... It's kind of cool, the lieutenant's wife running for office, you know. Well, as you just heard, West Baltimore City</i> Council woman Eunetta Perkins is going to have her hands full</i> in next September's Democratic finals. </i> Stringer Bell. Damn. Who could have got to him ? I mean, if it wasn't y'all on it. You know Avon's gonna put it on you, right ? Shit, let him take it on my jacket. Don't make me no never mind. I'm thinkin'it might be what you call one of them good problems. Yeah. I heard Colvin's in deep shit downtown. Looking at this right here he might not be the only one. Anything comes up, I'm on the radio. My man, my man, my man. Yo, you think I could get like $5 ? - I need like $5 to get on the bus. - I look like a tourist to you ? - Man, I swear to God. - Lookin'like that walking into an open-air drug market why the hell would I think you'll spend my $5 on bus fare ? Shit,'cause I already got my blast, man. All night you been drinking like your ass is candy. That's shameful shit. 12-gauge pumpkin balls. Last time I saw that kind of load was the Pimlico double and I fuckin'know that motherfucker was in the middle of that mess. And if I remember your boy he had no love for the Barksdale people. Execution style, that don't play like Omar Little. Besides, the word on our wire is that Marlo's people did Stringer. - Marlo Stanfield ? - The heir apparent. This city's going to hell, man. We're gonna push past 300 murders before New Year's. Shit is fucked. Oh, hey, Cheryl. No ? My guess is she's, uh, picking up a prisoner. Yeah, I spoke to her about ten minutes ago. Yeah, well, they make you check your stuff. Cell phone, money, weapon. Well, she'll call when she gets the message. Not at all. I need more, Jimmy. More ! Motherfucker. I'm tired, Bunk. Let's go. I heard the vanguard met. Heard they voted to have a civilian review board look at it. It wasn't unanimous. And there were people there speaking for you. I heard that too. So six out of ten black officers think I'm just an asshole racist. On the other hand four out of ten think you're just an asshole. It's an administrative charge. You can fight it and win if you want. Failure to properly identify myself as a police officer. Sounds like what I was guilty of most of my career, actually. I'm not sure I was supposed to be a police. Not really. What were ya supposed to be, huh ? This is from Major Colvin's CI ? What's the corroboration ? Well, the source knew that Barksdale had a waterfront condo in his own name gave the accurate location, and title info down to deed of transfer. Well, that's good, but it puts him on the legitimate side of things. What corroboration is there for illegal activities ? Sorry I'm late. I had to stop in at a friend. The source knew that Barksdale was shot last month wounded in the shoulder. - Emergency room ? - No, no hospital reports. We're gonna need better. Either Colvin goes back to the CI or we sit on this address for a while. - we can see. - Well, fuck it, then. Let's name the source. Put him right in the affidavit. - It's Colvin's call, isn't it ? - It's Stringer Bell. Lester figured it out from the DNRs. Bell was snitching out Barksdale. - You're sure of this ? - Maybe that explains the murder. What's in the wire ? Loose talk about how it was Marlo's people but nothing past rumor. With Bell gone, Barksdale might have to come down a notch to oversee the day to day, and maybe that puts him in contact with some of our monitored cell phones. If he's as cautious as Stringer, maybe not. My guess is Barksdale never touches a cell phone. Safe house might be our best shot. All right. We stay on the wires until this batch of burners goes dead, hoping we have Barksdale but meanwhile, we get a warrant for that safe house and wait on him there. Thanks for the cover last night. This is Greggs, Major Case Unit. Who's the shift leader ? Holy Christ. - <i>They're all over it, Commissioner. </i> - Right That was Foxtrot. The cameras have found our little shit pile. Your fuckin'councilman took his sweet time, didn't he ? Everyone's a critic. If this doesn't go, what line of work are you gonna try next ? We're here in West Baltimore... For more than a month, police from Baltimore's Western District. It's just an outrageous development. It's something I never thought I'd see from this or any other administration. Frankly, this is one of the reasons we need a change in leadership in this city. Did the Mayor know ? What about the Police Commissioner ? These are questions for the Mayor and Police Commissioner. These are central issues of crime and safety. The Royce administration is simply bankrupt. You still gonna announce for mayor next month ? Standing here today looking at this ? I can't see I can do anything but put it out there right now. All I can tell you is that for more than four weeks now the Baltimore Police Department surrendered portions of the police district to the drug trade and the Council was not informed. Fuck me. I fuckin' had this story all to myself a week ago. Police officers for weeks have turned a blind eye... </i> What the fuck was I thinking ? .. sanctioning open-air drug markets. </i> 'Scuse us. ... in the so called free zones, drug dealers routinely ply... </i> Mr. Mayor, Commissioner Burrell is here. Tell the Commissioner the Mayor will be with him shortly. And young children run the streets alone. </i> The inhabitants of what has come to be known</i> as Hampsterdam have little to say for the camera. </i> But channel 5 has learned that the police were... </i> Yeah ? What are you seein'? Coupla people in and out. No sign of Barksdale, though. It's quiet here too. Okay. Need to look at the back. Our friend Carcetti's gonna run wild with this. And from the sound of things, Gray is gonna run with him. Tony Gray thinks he's gonna get my chair behind this bullshit We're throwin'you out of the boat, Ervin. This shit is on you alone. Not necessarily. Not if I talk about how we were under pressure to keep the crime down to juke the stats district by district... You never said that. About how Colvin under pressure, lost his way about how I came to you weeks ago... - Days ago. - Weeks ago to tell you what he had done and to assure you that we were on top of the situation that Colvin would be relieved and his plan aborted. You lyin'motherfucker. But you heard about the drop in Colvin's felony rate and you sent me packing. Brought in your liberal-ass do-gooders to seriously consider this horseshit while Colvin's mistake grew and grew. My hands were tied, Mr. Mayor my department thwarted. I was a prisoner of the goddamn politicians. Or... I leave your office right now willing to say a lot less than that. I put what I can on crazy-ass Bunny Colvin and I take the hit. And if Carcetti or Gray holds hearings I'm the wall between them and you. In which case, I am your commissioner for the full five-year term. Unit one to unit two. - Unit two standing by. - Deal's made. Unit two to sector three, move on the Winchester Homes. Ten-four. We're moving. Unit two to sector two. Move on the Koppers plant. Roger that. Over the top, gentlemen. 'Bout fucking time. Man, g outaigo re-up. - Where Tuckie at ? - I don't know. - Yo, where Tuckie at, man ? - He rolled out. - He said the police comin'. - D'oh. - Here they come. Let's roll. Hold it right there White jacket ! Stop right there ! Stop ! Freeze ! Police, don't move ! Outstanding, red team. Oustanding. </i> Give you a case of beer for that one. </i> Son, this nigga Stringer Bell, man was beggin'Chris, yo, for real. Like know what I mean ? Diggin'in his pockets, talkin' 'bout how much cheese he gonna give us, I mean, if we just let him walk. My man Chris holler, "Man, bitch, you gonna die. " This nigga just dropped to his fuckin' knees like a little cocksucker, man, start cryin'. That shit was worse than fuckin' pathetic. - Yo, that's Marlo. - Get on yo'burner, man. - Got a line on him. - The number one ? Where at ?</i> Tall man says to tell y'all to soldier up. </i> They up at the rim shop. - Boss, you okay ? - What you want ? Slim said they got their eye on Marlo. I'm just sayin', you know, all the boys, they all waitin'on you. Go ahead, man. I'm behind you. What else you need from us, Deputy ? City Hall wants the bulldozers through here at dawnand then fencing all around the site. Winchester Homes and the Koppers plant as well. We got it. Come tomorrow, the television reporters get nothing they can stand in front of. 'Scuse me, Deputy, sir, we found a body. Any trauma ? Can't tell for sure with all the rat bites. Take him to OCME in a jail wagon. I don't want the fuckin' reporters seeing any ambos. Shit. He just landed. Him plus one. Got it. Sit tight. That makes how many ? Including Barksdale, Sydnor counted ten in and one comin'out, so that's ten at least. 2301 to KGA. Go ahead, 2301. We need QRT to meet us at our 20 for a search and seizure. Location has multiple suspects and may contain automatic weapons. Ten-four. Word travels fast, huh ? Shit. Burrell called Johns Hopkins personally this morning. Dragged your name into the gutter. Johns Hopkins doesn't need the notoriety. The chief academic officer of a major research university doesn't want to hear that some new hire makes up the rules as he goes along. Yeah, Colvin. COMSTAT tomorrow. I'm up. Y'all taking a door ? Where's tactical ? I called for QRT. You ain't heard ? They're a little busy tonight tearin'down Colvin's fuck up. With all that goin'on, you're lucky you even got us. - Who he hittin' on this ? - Avon Barksdale and crew. I fuckin' told you he was out. Did i fuckin' tell you? I fuckin' told her. For more than four weeks, the Baltimore Police Department... </i> By tomorrow, the story goes national and Washington reacts. Save the best questions for Tony Gray. He needs to shine even more than you. I can't believe he wants us to knock. Well, you can' flush guns, now, can you ? Well, fuck that. What if they open up on us ? These guys are at war with another crew. We go chargin'in there, chances are we will get lit up. Yo, B. Sham sayin'that Charles sayin'they still up at the rim shop. Marlo, his boy Chris, and Vinson, they still eatin' but the rest of the muscle, they rolled out. Police ! No. Not the police. - Narco's out back too. - Shit. Let us in ! We know you're in there. </i> Open the door, you fucking cocksuckers !</i> Fucked up, man. Y'all ask me y'all ugly ass niggers shouldn't be in here fucking around with all these guns and shit Open it. Come on, Avon. Enough with this shit. Open the fucking door. </i> Open the fucking door, you cocksuckers. </i> Police ! - Search warrant ! - I'm clean, man. Open the fucking door. Get down ! Face that shit tight. Greggs. I'm opening up. That'd be mine. In fact, all that's mine. You got a law degree ? Take him. You fall on the parole violation. No matter whatever else happens you do every day of what's left of your seven without seeing a jury. Maybe even conspiracy to murder. We take this federal, see if we can get you ten to life... no parole. Whatever. Shit, you only do two days no how. - That's the day you go in. - And the day you come out. Yeah, well, here's the warrant. You read it slow. In between them two days, give you something to think on. Damn. Missed our shot. Roll, man. You bend over for us, or I swear to God I will spend what's left of my career shitting on every last supervisor in your district. From shift commanders down to sector sergeants, not one of them will have any rank at all if we hear so much as a bark out of you. Look, my people saw this as a tactical deployment only. The responsibility is mine alone. Well, you won't fall alone unless you're willing to fall exactly as we want you to. After COMSTAT, you go to retirement services and drop papers, going out at a lieutenant's grade That's right, you're busted back. We can't take your EOD away but you're not going out on a major's pay. I can retire before you bust me. I got vacation time enough to make my 30. Fuck your vacation time. You're out today, at the lower grade. That's against the goddamn contract. What part of bend over didn't you understand ? Avon locked up ? With most of his muscle, yeah. Good day to get back out on them corners, ain't it ? Make some money. You bet. It's not just the 17 millions in federal funding for Baltimore law enforcement that you've jeopardized. Take off another 200 million of federal money in your operating budget another 75 in capital expenditures, plus untold millions in pass-through federal dollars from Annapolis. All told, we're talking about half a billion a year that Baltimore will be doing without. Furthermore, the U.S. Attorney here will use all the resources of the Justice Department to interdict and destroy any attempt to establish a geographic entity where drugs are legal. Washington should know that what happened in West Baltimore in no way reflects the policies of my administration. That was an aberration, Mr. Talmadge. The work of one misguided police official. We understand your concerns but for the deputy drug czar to take the time out to drive 30 miles north to deliver that message, hardly necessary. Rest assured. What up, G ? Where the older ones at ? Marlo got his package back out. Fire Burrell. This nonsense began in his shop without him knowing it. Fire the man and move on. Odell, I respect your opinion. But right now Tony Gray, Carcetti maneuvering now is not the time. We get past the primary, then I'll drive a stake in his heart. But right now I need him where he is for no other reason than to well, to take the hit for this thing right here. But I tell you what I'm gonna do, though. I'm gonna shine on that new girl you like in the 11th. Give her a spot on the ticket. Cut Eunetta loose. Eunetta's had her day. I respect the fact that you stood by me, Odell. I respect loyalty. And did so without properly informing his superior officers and without regard to the criminal statutes he was sworn to enforce thereby disgracing himself and his command. Is any of that subject to any contradiction or argument whatsoever, Major Colvin? No, sir. No argument at all, Bunny ? Not much you can say, is there ? Not to real police. - Get on with it,motherfu... - 'Scuse me, major ? Is the admin lieutenant present ? Major Colvin is relieved of duty. You are now the acting commander of the Western District. - Hey, Bunk. - Hey, Freamon. - Who is that ? Crutchfield ? - Naw, Norris. Sleeping on a stakeout. Damn, Bernard, didn't I tell you about these guys ? Yeah, that's everyone we heard on the wire. McNulty's over there in number one with Pearlman. Why don't you say hey ? You got to be the stupidest motherfucker that I've ever gone out with. I can't wait to go to jail. What ? What you say ? What the fuck did you say, Bernard ? Hey, Donald. - You heard the tapes. - Look, he came to me and said we could sell drugs if we move down to Vincent Street and that's where I moved my crew. And you know I did because you the one that popped me with the G-pack on my way to the spot, and let me go, remember ? You were selling drugs in Major Colvin's free zone ? - You can prove that. - Ask him. He know. This must be one of them contrapment things. You mean entrapment. Kid's got a point. 19 in bracelets from Barksdale on down. Another eight wanted on warrants. Any way you can tie your case to this mess with Colvin ? Make it like what he was doing led to your thing ? I don't see it. Well, it's good work nonetheless, Major Daniels. Call came in from the Mayor's office half hour ago approving your promotion. And now with Colvin, there's a new vacancy. - What about my wife ? - What about her ? The Mayor. Eunetta's seat. - Why would the Mayor... - Good police work maybe. Not everything is politics. Hey, I'll take two. Western alumni. All right, you got it. Major. I heard. How's your family take it ? Lolita done dropped herself 30 pounds and got herself a real estate license so I guess she's fixin'to leave me. I just wanted you to know that last tip you gave me was a winner. Yeah, I heard. That's good work. Also, I don't know if you know, Stringer Bell was shot to death two days ago. So anyway, I put his name on the paper to tighten the PC. I figured what the fuck once he's aced, right ? You always did cut them corners, didn't you ? Seems like you cut a few yourself, Major. However it ends, you're good police. I just did what I did. It felt right. I'm fine with that. I don't understand. Drink your wine. You and me in public. - But your wife. - She wins without me. On the Mayor's ticket, she wins. And you make major ? I think she was waiting for this day more than I ever was. And now she's not here. No. She's not. From out of nowhere, huh ? Nowhere is right. Why me ? I guess you don't live right. - Kari, what was that ? - Nothing. - What broke ? - Nothing, Mama. So... Yeah. You just drive over here. I did. Why tonight ? What happened ? I was in my old district tonight which is where I used to feel pretty good, I think. I wasn't so angry when I was there anyway. I don't know, someone said something, I guess and, uhit doesn't make sense. I guess I finished something today. A case ? More than that. It's like everything I poured into a glass came out the bottom and I just kept on pouring. Like the thing had a hole in it, you know. Things that make me right for this job maybe they're the same things that make me wrong for everything else. Do you want to come inside for a drink ? Not tonight. But if it's not too late, I wouldn't mind meeting your kids. Major Colvin misled his officers. They thought that his initiative was a tactical deployment to entrap narcotics traffickers. There was no mention whatsoever of the initiative to any superior officer. And for five weeks, all evidence of what he was doing managed to elude the entire command staff. Are you kidding, Commissioner ? I take full responsibility and indeed, after I first learned of the matter I informed the Mayor, and together we moved immediately to relieve Major Colvin I'm under the impression that this administration gave serious consideration with Colvin's initiative. No, sir. Major Colvin informed you of his effort at a COMSTAT meeting more than a week ago. His free zones stayed up for six days after that. That's my responsibility, Councilman. We needed the time to conclude an ongoing investigation by the Major Crime Unit, a wiretap case that would have been disrupted Correct, Mayor Royce was aware of the pending case and allowed us to delay our response accordingly. But the Mayor was unequivocal in his opposition to what Major Colvin did. What we have here, I'm afraid, is nothing more complicated than a solitary police commander who, under great pressure proved to be amoral, incompetent, and unfit for command. No. It's about more than that. This is more important than who knew what when or who falls on his sword or whether someone can use this disaster to make a political point or two. Mr. Chairman... We can forgive Major Colvin who, out of his frustration and despair, found himself condoning something which can't possibly be condoned. We can do that much. But, gentlemen, what we can't forgive, what I can't forgive ever is how we... you, me, this administration, all of us how we turned away from those streets in West Baltimore. The poor, the sick the swollen underclass of our city trapped in the wreckage of neighborhoods which were once so prized. Communities which we've failed to defend, which we have surrendered to the horrors of the drug trade. And if this disaster demands anything of us as a city it demands that we say enough. Enough to the despair which makes policemen even think about surrender. Enough to the fact that these neighborhoods are not saved or are beyond the saving. Enough to this administration's indecisiveness and lethargy to the garbage which goes uncollected the lots and row houses which stay vacant the addicts who go untreated the working men and women who every day are denied a chance at economic freedom. Enough to the crime, which every day chokes more and more of the life from our city. And... the thing of it is, if we don't take responsibility and step up not just for the mistakes and the miscues but for whether or not we're gonna win this battle for our streets if that doesn't happen we're gonna lose these neighborhoods and ultimately this city forever. If we don't have the courage and the conviction to fight this war they way it should be fought the way it needs to be fought, using every weapon that we can possibly muster, if that doesn't happen well, then we're staring at defeat. And that defeat should not and cannot and will not be forgiven. It was a good case I'm not denying that but I need to trust my people. Unless you can give your word, there's no way... That's more than fair. Thanks. But it's better for me if I do something else. Detective. It's not you, it's me. - But where... - The western, I think. Western feels like home. You showed something today. Just felt like it needed to be said. Sounds like you're running for something. Eunetta. Been a while. Thought y'all was in training. So what time you want us to be there tomorrow, coach ? 3:30 would be good. - Hope to see you all then. - A'right. What the fuck y'all standing around for ? Man, get to work. That's a seed. Yeah. What do you see right here? It's bulk metal. 10¢ a pound. Here. Aluminum. Right you are. 30¢ a pound no problem. in these modern times a man gotta keep one eye on the ground pick up what he find, feel me ? There's money to be made if you know where to look. I hope you listenin','cause I'm tryin'to school you here. Yeah, you don't want to know. You see, You think you brown, but you still green. How ya doin'? That's somethin', huh ? It's like they took a big eraserand rubbed across it. Yaeh ! Yeah, but before a dope fiend come down here cop a little somethin', ain't nary a soul hassle him. Hoppers and police, they just let him be. Was a good thing, huh ? I'm just sayin'. You probly don't know, but it's rough out there, baby. Cops be back bangin'on you. Hoppers be messin' with you. Thank you. Aw, shit. That's a dime here. That's a seed. Come on, boy.