Ain't no rules for dope fiends. When the police got you shackled up, you make a move, right? You help yourself out. But you just start snitchin' for no reason... it doesn't make no... Let me track this. You hypopulatin' that you can tattle-tale when you locked up but you can't do it straight up for the money? I mean, no offense, son, but... that some weak-ass thinkin'. You equivocatin' like a motherfuck. - Okay, so a snitch is a snitch, right? - There you go. So why be one, man? I mean, we gettin' by with our capers. We gettin' by out here every damn day rippin' and runnin' and ain't got shit to show for it. It's part of being a soldier? I mean, that's true, right, that's what you says. That was 'fore I put all this mileage on these feet. You wait, you wait, till you ain't a pup no more, see if you ain't lookin' for somethin' a little more, a little more steady for your ownself. What the fuck? You gettin' ill already. It's not even past morning. I'm cool, man. I'm fine, I'm fine. Look, we hook up with my girl Kima, we get paid you gonna be better. Fuck that, Bubs, alright? I'm not a fuckin' snitch. You know... I could argue the other side. Say that if you drop dime to duck a charge, then you a snitch. You do it as a living, you a professional. Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up. You see that, that ladder right there. Just like old times, man. I'll be the bad guy, you be the lone ranger. Leave that man be. We get paid more hooking up to my girl. But that's cash money right there. With the white man, I best be the bad guy. That way he ain't confused. Alright, meet me in the alley. Fuck. Yo, Mister. Yo. Throw down your wallet, or I'm a jerk this ladder right out. What? No, no! I'm a poor man who ain't playin'. Throw down the got-damn money. Please, no. Leave that man alone. Thank you. He's crazy, man. What's that guy doing? Oh, shit. - Here, here. - I can't, I can't. No, you saved my ass. It's appreciated you know. Yo, Bubs. You won't fuckin' believe this. Bubs? Straight and True Dennis, you up? Dennis? Mee-maw, hey. Guess you're not workin' today, huh? I'm workin' nights now. At a bar. Workin' the door. You know, it's just... just 'til I find somethin' a little bit better. Reminds me. Your friend called again this morning. She said for you to remember your appointment. Says there's a job in it, if you still lookin'. So, Marlo, right? He got this one boy watchin' his back name be Chris Partlow. Barlow with a "b"? Part, like white people got in their hair. And low, like a low-bottom dope fiend. - Partlow. - Yeah, what I said. So, he's Marlo's muscle? So... how much is that worth? Five, if I can work up a photo id. The boy, Fruit, he used that. Fruit who runs one of Marlo's corners? Careful, it's got prints. Prints, huh? Look at you, gettin' all C.S.I. on me and shit. A burner with prints. That's gotta mean cash money, right? If I can pull a print, get Fruit id'd, I can go to ten. An' if I show you where Marlo hides his Mercedes. The Benz would go for 15. You don't know it, but these are hard times in a hard land. You killin' me out here, girl. A- ight. 25 for the Benz. You good peoples. So let's total up we at 40, right? Here. Bank that for me. Bank it? For what? Got me a plan, girl. The hoppers out here they only be wearin' them big white shirts a couple of times 'fore they chuck 'em. So I'm thinkin' while I'm out here workin' for y'all I'ma get my ends up, sell 'em shirts on the corners. I'll make my nut comin' an' goin'. Truthfully, I don't know what more you could have done. Charlie's right, boss. You tried. Fuckin' hoodleheads won't cooperate. Here you are, giving 'em their own block or two offering them a place to sell drugs in peace and do they even fuckin' listen? It's a damn shame, too, 'cause if it worked you mighta had a positive effect on the community. Shift commander call the front desk. </i> You guys are some lying sacks of shit. I'm sayin', sir... I'm guessin' that you have some thoughts on where we should go from here. Well, sir, we were thinkin' a modified zebra operation. Jumpouts rotating from sector-to-sector, combined with a zero tolerance approach. We detail a couple of men from each shift build a flex unit double up on the head-knocking and corner-clearing. More of the same, you mean. But better. Better? Better than nothing. Ah, fuck this bullshit already! Man, they gave us 15 cases of legal but they shorted us on the colored bonds... what's going on there? I got this. Officer. Detective, String. You remember? Bird trial, detective McNulty. You want something copied, man? Search warrant? Court papers? Anything I do to help, you know? I ain't seen you around the way. I'm not around the way no more. You wanna find me, I'm right here. Right here, huh? This an' some real estate I'm workin' on is all. You know? More than enough to occupy me, really. Say where you livin', man? Where am I living? Well, if you thinkin' a comin' downtown I got some condos about to come on the line in eight months. You say the word, I'ma hook you up something nice down there by the hippodrome. Loft apartments. Real nice. You disappoint me, String. I had such fuckin' hopes for us. Have a nice day, officer. You see this shit? Remember that kid who got shot in the parking lot at Lake Clifton a couple months back? Drug feud, right? What about it? Well, last night, they just found the only eyewitness. In an alleyway, buncha holes in him. And? What do you mean, "and"? You're talking about a state's witness. You let a witness get killed in a high-profile case like this it says the city's broke and can't be fixed. Sounds like we found an issue. Fuck the politics for a minute. You know, this is something we all need to be on the same page with. I'm serious, Tony. You let shit like this stand, pretty soon you got nothing left. You gonna go public and bang the Mayor with it? You gonna bang Burrell and the state's attorney then? I ain't gonna bang nobody. Like I said, fuck the politics for once. But there is a problem here and I'm gonna do something to fix it. You want your cape and the little red underpants? Or you stash that shit in the phone booth? I always wondered about that. Man, I like a piece of that. You'd like any piece at all. I think I'd like a piece of your mother. Yo, stop fuckin' around! He started that shit. Yo, she got our boy with his nose wide open. He's stealing from us, and she most likely the reason for it. And y'all stay with the girl, she'll soon enough show us the money. Hey, where you goin'? Yo, I got something I got to do. You supposed to be here on this shit with us. Y'all stay with the girl, I'll get back with y'all down the way. Say what? Yo, I made a date a while back. Gotta keep it. Man made a date, gotta keep it. You find out he pussy-whipped like this motherfuck over here. Now, once again, from the data: When are most cars stolen? Sir, at night. And your unit, which I believe is charged with deterring the theft of autos when do you work? The day shift, eight-to-four. But sir, as I tried to explain... Your position is clear: You affect more arrests of car thieves during the daylight than at night. You see, our ears work. We heard you. But the question becomes: Why the fuck can't you hear us? - Sir, I don't... - The Commissioner is attempting to move this department from the dark ages into the 21st century. That means preventing crime by relying on computer generated data not on your fly-by-your-fucked-up-ass instinct. Give me the auto theft numbers for downtown parking lots on friday nights. Sir, I have to check that. Where are we with the gun? Colonel, I was made to understand that recovering officer Dozerman's lost weapon was a priority. Oh, the gun, yes, we're on it, sir. Making progress as we speak. Lieutenant? Sir, I now understand that prevention is the way to go and will immediately change our hours to reflect the data. Alright, Lieutenant. Fecal gravity. Hey, you beat on the right people and the shit rolls down the hill. Dennis is it? Cutty works for me. Cutty then. So, um, it's just gonna be us here? You know... I mean, Grace. Sister Grace called on your behalf but to my knowledge, she didn't plan to be here. She's a beautiful woman. A man might say things he didn't mean to stand closer to a woman like that. You're in the job market though, I understand. A couple of questions. You got a high school diploma? G.E.D.? Any work experience? I worked in a warehouse for a couple of months back in like '86. How do you see the church helping you? Maybe give me some jobs or... put my name on a list or somethin'. I dunno. I should tell you up front, we don't do like that here. You want a job, you're gonna have to work to get it. We'll help. But it's gonna be your sweat. With that said, then, the first thing is to get you enrolled in a G.E.D. program... Look, I don't mean to put you out, but this... this ain't how I thought it was gonna play. Me, Oscar, a bunch of the guys, we seen it. Couldn't help it. They practically ran right past us. And the victim, the girl... had a gun? Whose side was she on? Couldn't tell, it weren't doin' slow motion. Did any of them have a big scar? Do you think you'd be able to recognize any of them again if you saw them? - Just Omar. - So, you know Omar? Omar came up 'round here. That's good, bruiser, very good. You do know Omar has a scar, right? He do? I think we better go to my office, put this down on paper. Come on. Officer. Excuse me, officer. Is this... North and Pulaski? 'Cause I could fucking swear Dozerman was shot up at North and Pulaski. Wait, wait, lemme guess the pursuit of your fellow officer's service weapon has led you to this fine citizen. Tell me, kind sir, do you know the whereabouts of said officer's weapon? I didn't think so. Calls from the detention center. Some kind souls begging to assist you in your foundering investigation. Lemme just grand jury my man here. Lock in his story. Now for the gun. Later for his story. And that's your sergeant talking. Yo, wipe your nose, yo. - What the fuck... - Oh shit! Motherfucker, you scared the shit out of us coming up like that. Shit do make you paranoid, yo. G'head, nigga, hit this shit. Naw, man, I gotta drop urine tomorrow. Yo, you worried about that? Go 'head, nigga. - We got that covered. - Oh, you got that covered. What? You think you're the only motherfucker on parole? - Yo, nigger, gimme that shit. - There you go. A- ight. What was her day? She caught a hack up to Towsontown mall. Hit two jewelry stores and came back with bags from both. By the time she caught up with our boy she was wearin' one of them shits around her neck. Gave the other one to him. You know, his an' hers, like. Yeah, Cutty. You was on that shit, man. It's been a week, McNulty. Either you got something on Stringer or you don't. He tried to sell me a condo. Cocksucker. Might as well join the Rotary. Take up golf or someshit. He's runnin' with the hounds though I'll bet his heart is still with the fox. Stringer's out of the game? Mr. Bell has become the bank. The bank? The bank plays it legit, he generates a good bit of honest income. But at the same time, his money finances packages that he himself will never touch. He won't go near the street. He's insulated from the every day operations on the corners. The money that comes back is then laundered through enough straight business investments that there's no way to trace it. A player gets to that point, there ain't no way in hell a working police is going to tie a can to his tail. Oh, man. So, Kintel Williamson, the prince of Pimlico. Where we at on this mope? DNR's on a couple of payphones. That got it? Alright. You gonna help or what, boy? Might as well not even take a whistle if all I'm doin' is standin' in the fuckin' alley! Back's where you belong. That'a way I ain't got to be worryin' 'bout gettin' my damn head blown off 'cause you all scared and shit. Enough! You all hear me, I said enough?! Come over and put some pumpkin balls in this shotgun, man. Kimmy! Both of y'all learn to live with it or y'all out, man. Now, this time we gonna do it right. Ya all feel me? Boss, you gotta let this go. It ain't gonna work. You said it in comstat: Shit rolls down. Now, we tried to talk to all the hoppers, what the hell can they do about anything? We need to bring it to the dealers. Sergeant. I need a list of names of all the mid-level dealers running my corners. Sir? You're my D.E.U. Sergeant, right? I need a list of names. Maybe narcotics downtown has something like that, I dunno. We're knocking heads, taking bodies. I didn't know I was supposed to be doin' a census or nothing. Hey, yo, miss. Miss? Where the peepot at? Thanks. Come on, this way. Yo, my man you need to drop a negative. Five dollars. Motherfucker, they was just two. You try findin' clean piss in Baltimore. Five a go. Yo, how I know it's clean? I get mine from day care... I need you to put the chicken in the oven at 375. Yes, and after you've done that I need you to help me put your sister down... Excuse me, miss. Put your thumb on the scanner. Hold on a second. What's your name? Wise, Dennis Wise. Take one of those. Go around the corner to the second door. No, you can not go outside. Are you listening to what I'm saying? That's all we got on the Westside dealers. George... I'm lookin' at a sprinklin' of rap sheets here. You tellin' me nobody in this department knows who controls the West Baltimore corners anymore? Hey, Rawls has my people doing street rips. You want up-to-date info, you should try the intelligence unit. - Shit, they sent me to you, George. - What the fuck can I tell you? With all the street work there ain't nobody left doin' high-end drug stuff. From what I'm hearing the guy comes in of his own accord and he gets betrayed by us. Protection in this city amounts to nothing more than getting dumped in a fleabag joint on route 40 and calling it a plan. No monitoring, no assistance. Nothing just a bundle of clothes and a toothbrush. Jesus. No way to treat a cooperator. I know someone could get a lot of mileage out of this with the press. But fuck that, right? Because if I go that way then everyone gets defensive and nothing gets fixed. I'm coming to you with this straight-up. Agreed. Where do we stand on this? You've already called for a meeting on this with the State's Attorney and the Police Commissioner. It's penciled in for next wednesday. No, no, Tommy's right on this, we need to act quickly. I'm glad you came to us with this. I'll light a fire, believe me. Thanks. You will keep me in the loop on this? Absolutely, Councilman. Hey, slow up, girlfriend, we need to talk for a minute. Yeah, sweet thin'. We met before? No, baby, but that can happen. - We ain't met, excuse me. - Hey, it's just talk, baby. Get the fuck out, boy. Look, girl, all we need for you to do is talk... Is you deaf or just stone stupid? Hold on, girl... Now, we gonna talk. How the fuck is this little runt of a unit holding all this drug intelligence? I made the rounds down at headquarters came up with Jack, and you're holding all this? Well, you run a couple wiretaps, you fill up a file cabinet pretty fast. This is great, thanks. Oh, shit! Goddamnit. I heard this was where you landed. This pretty boy? I broke his ass in. I wrote more on I.I.D. complaints on bushy top here than on the whole goddamn squad. That is 'til he scuffed himself up. Now where you at, McNulty? 1911 South Clinton Street, first floor. There you go. I know you got to keep him close but still some good goddamn police right here. So what brings you to our shop? I'm tryin' to find out who running my corners. My own D.E.U. is just about street rips and headquarters wadn't no help neither. Y'all saved my ass, though. You tell him about your boy... Marlo ? It's in the files along with every other mid-level player we know. You don't mind me asking? What're you gonna do with all that, Major? Well... round up these young men and put a little comstat on they ass. Gentlemen. Ma'am. Bushy top. Bushy top? Call to order and shit. Chair recognize the esteemed rep. of the Veronica Avenue boys. Alright, look, we done talked this shit to death. A-ight? When we gonna vote? Rick do have a point. A- ight, then. All those in favor of goin' together so we can get the best discount on a New York package raise up. A- ight then. There it is. Look like we gonna make more money... together. Got to say I'm proud of y'all for puttin' aside petty grievances an' puttin' this thing together. For a cold-ass crew of gangsters y'all carried it like republicans an' shit. Yo, remember, man, talk this shit up when you hit them bricks. Best way to get more involved is to tell people about the benefits of this here thing. No beefing. No drama. Just business. Anybody got a problem with anybody else here we bring it to the group. We ain't gotta take it to the streets. A- ight. Let's do it. Yo. Motherfucker, what is that? Them Robert rules say we gotta have minutes for a meeting, right? These the minutes. Nigga, is you takin' notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy. What the fuck is you thinkin', man? That's cool. Dad, he's cheating. Michael, take it easy on your brother. How are you two gettin' along with mom's new friend? We call him Dennis, he's not new. Okay, how are you doin' with him? Mom said we can't talk to you about family stuff. Dad, you goin' to the open house? Yeah, I'll try, but I've been real busy at work though. New case an' all. Mom says you have to go, dad. Yeah, all the other kids' fathers are gonna be there. Get his legs. Steal from us, motherfucker? Get the ring, too, yo. Shit won't come off, yo. Drop him. You know the man works for us. You keep goin' at him like that ain't gonna be nothing left of him to make right what he owes. Bitch got to pay. Hey, yo, check his pockets, yo. - That's mine, yo. - Get the fuck off... ... to security. Was' up, baby. Yo, man, I been in here 26 months an' you come pick me up in a motherfuckin' Ford? I'm just fuckin' with you. Was' up, baby? What up, man. Man, I'm feeling real good to be out of this motherfucker. You know what? There's a sign on the other side of this gate that say "never again". And that's the only fucking thin' I'm gonna take with me from this place. First thin' first, let's get you lookin' right. You know what I mean? Oh, you got my shit. Good looking, baby. Start with sector one. Bring as many as you can down to the Vincent Street area by the end of shift. Don't use your wagons. Bring as many as you can in your cars. The hoppers wouldn't listen. What makes you think these guys will? These are... the lieutenants running the corners and I personally feel their pain. Now, middle-management means that you have just enough responsibility that you got to listen when people talk and not so much that you can tell anybody to go fuck themselves. Look, my major just wants to talk. That's all, promise. We'll bring you right back. Ain't gonna happen. The fuck you say? What the fuck you mean it ain't going to happen? Let me tell you something, motherfucker. We got orders to bring your sorry ass down the way for a sit down with our boss. Now we're prepared to take you with us right now. We can either do this the easy way or... braindead fucks... Hello. Prez, it's me. I think we got a little situation here. Stay with me, ten-six... Major wants the dickhead, he gotta go. I think he gets a pass this time. You sure? I mean, you want, he goes. Another time, Herc. We're on the Major's clock here. Don't forget the face, cocksucker, there's gonna be a tomorrow. You need me to call dispatch? No, it's okay. I'll tell you later. I say we get the troops, and fuck these assholes up. Come on, let's go again. C'mon, Tommy, it's just a game. Look, sounds like you got what you want, anyway. From the Mayor, I mean. Yeah, well, he's played me before but so help me if he farts around on this I'm going after him. Big time. For real? Trust me on this. He keeps ducking me I'm going to fuck him good. That's the good part. It's what I call the carrot. Now you move your people into any designated area I told you about and you have immunity from arrest and prosecution. You're free to make your drops collect what needs collectin' and won't nobody bother you. You've got my word on it. What do you get out of this? That's a fair question. I want to salvage what's still worth salvagin' in my district. And I can't do that with a bunch of young hoppers runnin' around scarin' the hell out of the decent people. Now, these kids ain't gonna listen to me, but they will listen to y'all. Now, you tell them to move down here and set-up shop and they will. So the way I got it figured I motivate you, and you motivate them. Naw, this a trap. No, you check out the spot. There ain't no cameras, ain't no microphones, nothing. Any cops you see going to be down right on the perimeter. Just to make sure there's no violence. And you watch you see if it don't work out the way I say. Nothin' personal against you, chief, but... what happens if we buck? You remember the carrot, right? Well, if you choose the stick instead you gonna feel that stick like you ain't never felt before. We gonna indict every corner, every day. I've got over 200 sworn personnel and I plan to free up every one of them to knock every one of you y'all down they can. If you're on a corner in my district it ain't gonna be about no humble it ain't gonna be about no loitering charge, nothing like that. There gonna be some biblical shit happening to you on the way to that motherfuckin' jail wagon. You understand me? And while you're buckin' the new system, the smart ones among you, gonna be down here makin' money hand over fist. So, think it over. But I swear to god, come monday your world and mine ain't gonna be the same. I thought you said these goddamn houses were vacant. We musta missed her. There's one more thing I gotta do then. Little Man, up on "b" tier, one of his boys in the dormitory his brother's tight with the girlfriend of the boy that shot that poh-leece. Little Man sayin' if you sprung the three of us we could get her talkin', you know, find the gun. I'm hearin' the boy, Dink, got that man's gun. Now, I ain't sure yet if that Dink be Dink Dink or Inky Dink or maybe Fat Dink. Then again, it might be Flat Nose Dink. No, wait that can't be him, that Dink dead. Look, man, I can help you but first you gotta get me out from under these murder beefs. How many murders we talkin'? Look, man, do it have to be the cop's gun? 'Cause if it's guns you want, I can get you guns. I remember this. Sixth grade. Mrs. Holley's science class. Box lunches. Taste like shit. You got somethin' so important, man you can't go through the proper channels? Well, no. I don't know. I just figured if I told anybody but you you might think I'm ridin' the rock. What makes me think you ain't? Yeah, right. That's a good point. Look, today, me, Tuckie, Little Mikey man, we all... A bunch of us got scooped up by the police. Well, you shouldn't sell drugs. Alright, alright. Nah see, they didn't take us to the station. They took us down to the bottom of Vincent Street where all the houses is boarded up, and they let us out. And then, on top of all of that like the whole while they were being all like... decent and shit, you know that fucked me up. And then the police chief, he come out. And this is the crazy part he say that he got it set up so that we could sell stuff in certain spots, and the police won't bother us. I know, I know. It's fucked up, but I just thought you should know. That's it? Yeah, just that, and the boy Marlo. Yeah, I'm on it. Yep. 2303 to K.G.A. Have foxtrot meet me on six, adam. Foxtrot, ten four. 2303 to foxtrot. Foxtrot, standing by. It's a black Mercedes, pulling out the lot. Copy that, we got the eyeball. This here the spot? 'Cause Tuckie says we supposed to set-up shop here. Hamsterdam. Yeah, this is it. Set-up anywhere inside where we got the white flags. - Yo, I'm getting ready to roll out. - You just got here, what's wrong? Ain't nobody 'round to buy. Good point. Man needs customers. - I'm sayin'... - Aw, no. You can't make me. I'm a sworn fucking police officer. Was' up, man. You got that bodybag still? Two. Narco! Give it up, motherfucker. Money comes back, right now. Boss, you fuckin' up, man. You didn't even let me cop 'fore you snatch me up. Is that some fuckin' rule? You call, we haul. You clean? Yeah, of course I'm clean stupid ass rookie didn't even give me a chance to cop. This corner's indicted. You move over to Vincent Street or we come back with the bracelets. What you got? 1011 me at Riggs and Calhoun. Despite unforeseen delays, we will begin an academy class this january, which leaves us in good shape for the coming year. Thank you, Commissioner. If the chair pleases, I have a couple of questions. Commissioner I know you are aware that a state's witness in a recent city homicide prosecution was killed. We are treating that incident with the highest priority. Homicide has set-up a task force and narcotics is working the informant angle. We have also asked both the F.B.I. and D.E.A. for support. It sounds like a full-court press but you must admit it's a bit like closing the barn door after the horse is out. I mean, the shooting of the boy on the lot at Lake Clifton high school was a high-profile case wasn't it, Commissioner? Yes, it was. And yet a key witness in the case was allowed... one moment... excuse me, Commissioner, but the chair was good enough to remind me that you have a pressing engagement. So if it's alright with you, we can continue this at a later date. Meeting adjourned. Did you see Burrell sweat? The man's collar almost melted. The hell got into you? You did, old buddy. You did. Nend of the line, all out. We got that Rockefeller, yo. We got that Rockefeller over here, yo. Over here we got that Rockefeller, yo. Whatta fuck? Yo, yo, we got the Rockefeller, yo. We got that W.M.D. right here, right here. I hear the W.M.D. is the bomb. W.M.D. right here. W.M.D. Give me two, yo. W.M.D. right here. W.M.D. right here, right here. Right here. We got that Rockefeller over here. Yo! We got that Rockefeller, yo. What do we got? There's binoculars on the floor. Marlo making a move? Just watch. Forget everythin' the boy, Bodie, told you. Forget the beatin', it ain't about that. You smart, man, I can see that. I wanted you to choose somewhere safe for us to speak. But goddamn only bugs in this motherfucker gotta have legs. Now, I appreciate smart but you gotta know, in this game, man, it ain't enough. You a student of history? You know this town had its share of smart players, man? Melvin, Little Wil, Big Head Brother, Peanut, Warren. All real smart, man, real smart. You know, soon as their names rang out, bam the feds was on them. You know what I mean? The government they want you to be organized, nah, they want you scrimpin' and scrapin' killin' each other on the corners over some bullshit. Not me. That's why me and Prop Joe we gettin' ready to put this co-op together. Different crews, one package. Best dope, best coke. Share and share alike. I've been hearin' 'bout that. You've been hearin' 'bout that? That's good, that's a start, right? You know that Mercedes you got ridin' out there, man you got that titled in your aunt's name or some shit. Now, when they come get you that straw purchase out there gonna come bite you in the ass, boy. That's what's they do. Turn your money against you. Now, you I'm thinkin' with the corners you got you close to a mil, right? I'm doin' a-ight. You doing a-ight but a-ight ain't got you a name on your crib, right? Ain't got you a little spot to wash that dirty money? That what I'm offerin' you, man. Come on, who's he in there with? I told you, keep watchin'. Did Bunk put you up to this? Tell you what, how about a case of that PBR piss you drink against a touch of the Irish that he went out the back and you're watching that house for nothing. Here comes your nothing. I like my piss in bottles. Anyway you like, darlin'. Chris... tell our people to tool up. I'm on it. I got that W.M.D., got that W.M.D. They got comfortable with it pretty quick. Yeah, it's like we ain't even standing here. The hoppers call it Hamsterdam. Like from Amsterdam. Hamsterdam. ...are the use of integrated math concepts such as algebraic reasoning, and number sines, geometry and probability. Very impressive. Now what we try to do is keep the class size under 10 12 at the very most. - And there are three levels? - Yes, so that if... Sorry, I'm Jim McNulty. I'm runnin' a little late because of work. Mr. McNulty. I have some concerns about the integrated math program. In their previous schools, Michael took introductory algebra but I understand that this school is doing something different. We are. The integrated math program... Excuse me, I'm thirsty can I get either of you somethin' to drink? The integrated math program here consist... Not much of a spread, but you can't go wrong with crudite. Crudity? I'm sorry, you know, I came straight from work or I'da changed. No need to call names, right? What do you do, Mr... I'm on the board at Legg Mason. Jim McNulty. Legg Mason? Either that or I'm a cop in the city, I keep forgetting. Terri d'Agostino. I'm an alumna and one of the school's dreaded fundraisers. The math program offers tutoring possibilities. So if Michael finds it difficult adjusting we can have classes on tuesdays and thursdays. So how do you find the school? It's good. My ex and I are thinking of sending our boys here. - Any problems, difficulties? - No, not really. I mean, there's the math integration class for my oldest. He's in sixth, seventh, and... I'm not sure he's ready, you know, for all that math. Careful, I'm only a country boy. Shut up! Hey, sweetie, welcome home. Welcome back. Hey, sis. Aw, man. I just wish I wasn't the only one comin' home, you know? I know. Enjoy tonight, we'll talk later. Welcome home. What up, Prop, how you feelin', man? Alright. You lookin' fit. Hell, yeah, I've been working out in there. All you gotta do is work out. Might be a good place for a fat man to find his inner-self. Yo. I got some downtown suits wanna hollar with you real quick. Takin' me to see suits, I'm tryin' to see some skirts. So what do you do? You should get dressed. I got a lot of work here. It's a long day for me tomorrow. I'll be really quiet. You never know, you might get bored workin'. I gotta work. You gotta go... What Stringer's done with all that property downtown Avon, I cannot tell the kind of profit you're looking at once all the federal redevelopment money lands. That whole howard street thing is gonna take off and you're gonna be right there to cut the pie yourself. Any dollar you spend now is going to come back to you ten times. And the thing is? I know you don't wanna go back to them streets. Not after what you been through. I know, because I'm from those same streets. And once I had the chance to play a different game there wasn't a question in my mind how to go. The government is going to be looking at you hard, too. No sense in giving them what they're looking for. You take what you have, you build on it. It's all good. Just put it up on the calendar. We should meet. Yo, Slim. You see the two niggas right there. They over here gettin' high in the middle of all this... where the fucking discipline at, yo? Fuck, toss them niggers. Talk to me for a second. don't you know not to stare at me like that. Yo. I got to show you something. Pardon me, sweetie. Hey, yo, man. You know I've been locked down. You gonna love this. Trust me. Ah, shit, this ain't my little place down in jessup. But you know what I mean, what the fuck is, right? This is all you, B. All you, in your name, too. You know what I mean? This piece of paper right here makes it legit. Keys to the navigator, in the basement. It's just a rental 'til you pick out somethin' nice. Damn, all this, huh? You did good. Yeah, I mean we're makin' so much straight money, man we can carry shit like this out in the open, in our own names. Yo, you remember when we used to sit on the top of 734 buildin', man? Lookin' at the city, talk about what we goin' do? And you was all heavy into that black pride bullshit talkin' about you gonna get you two grocery stores make motherfuckers proud. Sure was, man, you was out huntin' on a ak-47. Talkin' about how I'm gonna get Warren. Man... We brothers, B. Always, baby. Always. Hey, just one more thin', man. I don't mean to be pickin' with you about this but... especially not after you did all this shit for me but, look, man, I've been locked down. You know what I mean? You know what? I got take this meet, you know? I'm gonna get at you, welcome home, man. Hey, yo, it's me, man, I left somethin'. Aw, shit, my man.