So, you gonna rob me now? I need to remind you who I am? Omar, isn't it? Pull it slowly. Then toss it. Oh, I will move slow. But I ain't tossin' nothin' bow tie. So whatever you gonna do you might as well go ahead and make it quick. I knew you'd come back. I trust you didn't lose sleep over it. Worryin' about you would be like wonderin' if the sun's gonna come up. I ain't about to wild out over it. What I want to know is how you find me? Your boy, he didn't give you up easy. Ain't sugar-water runnin' through them veins. - You kill him? - He's resting. I see you favor a 45. Tonight I do. And I keeps one in the chamber, in case you ponderin'. Nice show piece you got there. Walther PPK. 380, double action. Hear them walthers like to jump some. As will you, with one in your elbow. That gun ain't got enough firepower to make my joint useless. It definitely won't stop me from emptyin' out half my mag. - You might not hit me. - This range? And this caliber? Even if I miss, I can't miss. I admire a man with confidence. I don't see no sweat your brow neither, bro. I suppose we could stand here all night. S'pose we could. Or settle this once and forever. I want to ask you something... brother. Omar listenin'. Middle Ground  A-ight, me, too. A- ight. </i> Here we go. Yo, I need some face time with the man. </i> Hold up, I'll holler back at you, man. </i> That would be Shamrock. Assuming Stringer Bell is the man, now we wait for the return call. This is beautiful. Lester, can you actually believe we fucking sold the wiretaps to the targets. For a week at least. Maybe we duck the bullet. Maybe we clean this mess quietly, throw some horseshit at whatever reporter shows up and the Mayor forges and forgets. We're ready to move on this, right? As soon as we get the word, we shut down all three zones toss everyone into wagons. There'll be nothing left of it before midnight shift. So what the fuck are we waiting on for a day and half? Why isn't the Hall calling us? Commissioner Burrell for Mayor Royce. - I've heard enough... - Hold on, Coleman. Come on, let the man talk, huh? Excuse me, Mayor. I have Commissioner Burrell on the line. - He says it's urgent. - I'll bet it is. He wants to move, Clarence. He wants to clean this shit up yesterday, and so do we. Tell him to hold. - Go ahead, gene. - Look I'm not a politician, I'm an academic. All I know is that from a public health perspective there are remarkable things happening in the free zones. Needle exchanges, on-site blood testing, condom distribution. Most of all we're interacting with an at-risk community that is largely elusive. We're even talking some of these people into drug treatment. And that's just what U.M. and Bon Secours have brought to the table. If this thing were sanctioned my department could put public resources into play. You people can't see the forest here. Odell? When the story breaks, the ministers will surely be against you. And most of the City Council will be walking sideways away from your administration. And my guess is the Governor and the legislature will use this opportunity to piss on the city from a great height. And Washington? Oh... Can you imagine how far the United States Department of Justice is gonna crawl up your ass behind this? Crime is down, Odell. Medical people are telling me this could work. I mean, a 14% decline in felonies citywide I might be untouchable on this. Now, look, we need to think see if we can keep this thing going without calling it what it really is, huh? - Jesus. - Now, there's got to be a way. I want you to talk this thing out. Hey, Erv, thanks for holding... Yes, but... Yes, I understand. Then I'll wait to hear from you. We're to hold off on any action in Amsterdam. No arrests, no movement until further notice. He says he wants to regroup. Determine the most effective course of action. Translate that for me, will ya, Erv? I don't speak his fucked-up lingo. Royce is figuring a way to put all of us in the guillotine and keep the blood from spraying anywhere near the Hall. Shit, I'll be goddamned if I'm gonna go out like that: Bent over in public. I can spin the story just as well as that motherfucker. - You're gonna go to the press? - Not me. But I know a slick little bastard who will happily put Hizzoner's shit in the street. Somethin' funny 'bout that? 'Cause I look in the paper and I see all these federal grants comin' down but nothin' for B-and-B. - You're expecting what? - Payout. A big payout for what we put in, man. Federal dollars on them Howard Street rehabs. - You gave money up front? - 250,000, yep. To Clay Davis. How you know? What you sayin'? He's runnin' game? Naw, hell no, he ain't that brazen. Lemme guess. He told you about the faucet. Or was it the goose that laid the golden egg? You ever actually meet the man? Did you ever actually see any of your cash reach anyone in authority? Yeah, I met the guy at the federal building. Yeah, I met him. Yeah, what office? He came down to the lobby. he rainmade you. A guy says if you pay him, he can make it rain. You pay him. If and when it rains, he takes the credit. If and when it doesn't, he finds reasons for you to pay him more. Clay Davis rainmade you. Naw, man, he got them building permits in no time at all, man. I mean, we bribing these motherfuckers. He got the city contractor's money back. - How much? - 35,000 so far. - On a quarter million you gave him? - It's for bribing the motherfuckers. There are no bribes! You really think a state senator is going to risk his salary and his position by walking into a federal office with a briefcase full of drug money? I seen Chunky... Chunky Coates. Chunky Coates gets his grant money same way everyone does. He fills out applications, he makes sure the plans meet spec then he prays like hell. This is an old game in this town, and Clay Davis? That goniff was born with his hand in someone's pocket. I just wish you'd have run it by me sooner. Now here's Shamrock returning Bodie's call. Talk about it. Yo, the man said he'd see you, same time as always. </i> You know the spot. During the first call, Sydnor had eyes on Shamrock over in West Baltimore. Alright? Now look at this. At the time, Stringer Bell was at the print shop. So it couldn't be a face-to-face meet. We didn't catch a call between Stringer and Shamrock. How can that be? Stringer's phone isn't on the same network as everyone below him. - Right you are, ma'am. - Bell's not using Bernard's burners? And Shamrock has a separate phone for calling Bell. We can't hear those calls because the system's compartmentalized. Some tricky motherfuckers. A week or so up on Bernard's phones and we'll have everybody up to and including Shamrock tangled up in conspiracy counts. But Bell or Barksdale? Not unless we can pluck their cell numbers out the air. Where you headed? Toy store. He legalized drugs in special zones? It's more than that. Major Colvin lost the necessary perspective that is required for command. We were all under pressure to reduce crime before year end and he responded poorly to that pressure. Pressured by who? Mayor? I'm just explaining to you that the pressure was applied all down the line from headquarters to the district commanders to the shift and sector supervisors. So Colvin's 14% decline was bullshit. And they're selling drugs with police permission in Western? The department is ready to shut that mess down with mass arrests. - I'm on top of it. - Why don't you move? The Mayor says wait. Why? I think he's gonna make some kinda show. Spin it so that I take the weight for something that has nothing to do with me and everything to do with the pressure that my commanders are getting from City Hall. Going public and putting the responsibility for this back at City Hall is the only move I have left, right? I mean, I spin Royce before he spins me. - And you want me to... - Not you. Your pal, Tony Gray. If he's gonna take a run at Royce, he's gonna need ammunition, right? I don't have a relationship with Gray. I do have one with you. And Councilman? You owe me. - What's up, hotshot? - I got a technical question. Remember those analog units we used to use to pull cell numbers out of the air? The C.F. something-something... Yeah, Cell Frequency Identification Device. - The triggerfish, yeah. - That one, it could flag a number. Right, but the old analog machines? We used to have to follow the guy around stay close while he used the phone. New digitals... bing, we just pull the number right off the cell towers. So, you got any down out at Woodlawn that daddy can borrow? - What about yours? - What? City has three of 'em, I remember right. Homeland security grant sent 'em to you every big county department in the state. No fucking way. Thanks. - I doubted you, Tommy. - I told you it was big. If we play it right. He wants me to turn the information over to Tony Gray... and let him use it, he figures if Tony's running against the Mayor he'll take aim at Royce and not the department. We may want to bring Tony in on it keep him viable against the Mayor. But right now, you need to find out what this is all about. Firsthand... do you know this, Major Colvin? To shake hands, maybe. If Burrell's painting him the villain Colvin might be anxious to tell someone his side of the story. McNulty, Major Crimes. Sullivan, minor irritations. You got anything back there that's like the old C.F.I.D. but digital? - For catching cell numbers? - Catching who? You know, a triggerfish machine. Triggerfish. For cell numbers. How 'bout I look around there on my own? Yes, this is Councilman Carcetti over at the Hall. I'm trying to reach Major Colvin. I'm sorry, but he's on vacation. </i> I'm aware of that, but I'm trying to reach him on municipal business... Well, I could put you through to his voice mail. </i> No, not his voice mail. I said I have to reach him immediately... - <i>Immediately?</i> - Right... - <i>How about his cell phone?</i> - His cell, it'll be fine... Alright. Four-oh... Alright, that's enough. Yeah, I know, it hurts. But your fists gonna be like rocks after awhile. Justin, c'mere. - Alright. - I want you to push me on my chest. You ain't got to do it hard. That's how you was standin'. You ain't have no weight on your back foot. That's right. No center of gravity. Plus, if you get your stance right... then you got the means to put your hip into the punch. Bub-bub, right? Bub-bub. That's where your power come from. Yeah, but what happened when we get hit? - Say what? - We get hit even with this pad, you gonna get trucked. All this stuff fallin' apart. Yeah, the heavy bag, too. Yeah, where you get this stuff at? The Town of Bedrock? Naw, he said nobody. So you gonna have to wait right here. What you mean wait right here? You know who I am, boy? Man say he want to see Avon... Makin' me wait to see my own partner? - He new, String. - Fuck that. Lotta new faces round here, man... Way too many, you ask me. Get the fuck out of here. - Where Avon at? - He'll be along shortly. That's good 'cause I came to see you, anyway. What you need? I need you to hit somebody. Who we hittin'? - Clay Davis. - The Clay Davis? Downtown Clay Davis? That suppose to mean somethin' to me, man? - That nigger need to be got. - Shit, String, murder ain't no thing. But this here is some assassination shit... Look, I tell you you gettin' somebody, you getting him. - I ain't askin'. - Damn, String, I don't know... Nigger, I got to remind you who the fuck you work for?! Hey, yo. I think Slim gonna have to sit this one out, boss. So you gonna hit a state senator now, huh? Yo, you kill a downtown nigger like that the whole world gonna stand up and take notice. I'm talking about the state police, federals, all of that. You need a day-of-the-jackal type motherfucker basically to do some shit like that. Not a rough and tumble nigga like Slim. - That nigger took our money, man. - I seen it comin'. Well. He got to go. Naw, you a fucking businessman. You'd wanna handle it like that. You don't wanna get all gangster wild with it an' shit, right? What I tell you bout playin' them fucking away games? Yeah. They saw your ghetto ass comin' from miles away, nigger. You got a fucking beef with them? That shit is on you. So... we aim this at the nearest celltower the one that would be the conduit for calls coming to and from our boy, Bell. And... we let rip. Fucking hell. Look's like Baltimore white pages, without any names. But the pattern trace will pull that down. You know, if we know the approximate time of Bell's call we can start just by pulling calls off that tower, at that time. That could be thousands. Yeah, that's the baseline, but we get a second hit - and that list comes down to dozens. - And after a third or fourth... then we've got his number. I can't believe that this was just sitting over at I.S.D. gathering dust. We're going to be on these motherfuckers for real now, Lester. They don't know about this technology yet. For once they can't change and adjust. It's genius. Oh, happy day when jesus washed oh when he washed he washed my sins away. You need something? How much you make? What? On them tees? How much you make? A fair profit. No more than that. You should probably sell sweats with hoodys. Since the seasons changin' an' all. Where you live at? Yellow Tops, Yellow Tops, got them Yellow Tops. </i> Bodie Broadus. The man with the hands. I heard was, um, openin' up a gym or somethin'. Yeah, tryin' to. I'm lookin' to get up with Avon. - Thought you was out. - Man, that's why I'm came to you. I mean, I feel like the way we left it I can't just roll up on the man, you know? hey, yo, it's me. Yo, I got that hitter here with me. Yeah, the soldier that walked in and out. Yeah, he want to see the top man. You slam shit like that you gonna fall out one day. I'm good. I'm tryin' to school you, boy and you just don't wanna know. I'm cool, Huck. I'm good. Whitey sale, whitey sale. </i> One for three, three for five. Whitey sale, whitey sale. Whitey sale, whitey sale! Alright, so what you want me to tell the man?</i> Yo, I'll give word up and then I'll hit you back. </i> Shamrock. 4:40 P.M. B- and-B enterprises... - <i>We need to have lunch. </i> - Alright, hold on, I'll call you back. - Yo. - <i>It's me. </i> It's good. Yeah, it's me. Yo, tell the hitter, tell him the tall man pick him up. </i> - <i>Right. </i> - 4:47. A seven minute window. There's 892 phone numbers. That's our baseline. - We're on our way. - Yep. Stay the fuck there, man. Yo. Jimmy! On the clean phone. He just hit your friend's number. The one off the business card you gave me. - The Western? - His cell. Should we be worried about this? Naw. - A boxing gym, huh? - It ain't a proper one yet. Why I asked to see you. So, what you know about takin'care of something like that? Not a damn thing. But I know that sweet science. And I got some kids who are interested. What I got a need for, bro, is equipment. Man, these kids gonna get rained on. They need headgear, they need guards, cups you know, so they can take the hit. Shoot, you know what I'm sayin', man. I seen your picture on them globe posters back in the day. Undercard shit, maybe, you know. Yeah, but still, you was golden gloves. For a minute. But I had a physical defect. What, you had a glass jaw? - Nah, forehead, nigger. - Cranium shot'll do you wrong. Yeah, look here, man. You seen new heavy bags? Look, freestandin', man. All you gotta do is add water. Then you got speed bags, right there, right? You got this headgear right here. It's new. Look, protect the cheek and the chin. You know. And I know I can go around and collect a dollar here, dollar there. But I'm trying to put together a select group of people, right? I call them my, my gold circle club and they gonna make a substantial contribution and just get this thing rollin' right. I mean, I'm gonna put their name and picture up on the wall in the gym. What you tryin' to get me to join a club? Naw, man, I'm just sayin'. There's all sorts of levels. We got the, the silver club, we got the bronze club. Man, for motherfuckers who really don't want to dig that deep. Come on, man, check it out. Nah, man, I ain't got no time for this bullshit, man. You know I don't want my fucking name and face on no damn wall. You crazy, nigger? How much money you talkin' about? $10,000. I see you go through all that for 10,000? Man, slim, go get him $15,000 cash. Yo. Shit. A- ight, then. Hey, you take care of them little niggas, hear? No doubt, bro. - Yeah. Yo, you talk to him? - <i>Fat man wanna parlay. </i> - Alright, you good, hook me up. - <i>Yeah, a-ight. </i> You check out what I sent you? Yeah, your information was good. So, we can talk on the real side now, huh? Tell your man I'm good for tomorrow. </i> Yo, I'll hit you back. - Now we're cooking. - Cutting butter with a hot knife. Next time Stringer Bell takes a call off the baseline he's ours. Game over. So, it ain't what it might seem to you. That man there is my brother. But if it keep on like it been, then... You got problems? I stirred up some shit with this Hampsterdam mess. That's 'cause you was behind that that made me come to you with this. Look like you and me both tryin' to make sense of this game. Speak your mind, Russell. You two good? Yeah. We got y'all out front. Let's go, p-square. You look healthy. For a man who was gutshot. You reached out to a third party who engaged me in the purpose of holding your towers. That third person's word was your word as he represented you. That's right. And I ran those East Baltimore gentlemen off. I held up my end of the agreement at least for as long as I was physically able. You did. Your man then set up a meet at Butchie's bar. Your man told Omar Little that I was responsible for the torture of a young boy who was close to Mr. Little's heart. Your man in effect sought to have me hit. Omar told you that? And you believe that motherfucker? He doesn't strike me as a man who would tell stories even at the point of dying. Shit. Proposition Joe package. The inner workings of your organization don't concern me. If there's a way, I mean, if my man... if he made a mistake here then I'm willing to pay the cost. How can we fix it? You want money? Money? Yeah, this is business. Business is where you are now. But what got you here is your word and your reputation. With that alone, you've still got an open line to New York. Without it, you're done. If my man's still on paper. I can put him in a spot that got heavy artillery. I ain't talkin'about pistols. I'm talkin' about mini-tech nines, shotguns, they even got grenades in that motherfucker. That's an automatic fall. So, I'm hopin' you could keep that shit to five. Look, if you hit the joint his people are gonna try and take the wrap for it. They gonna say all that firepower is theirs. So all you gotta do is just hit him with the parole back-up. Look, I can't make no promises. - It's gonna be a nickel, at least. - Come on, man. - Him and me... - I'm gonna do my best, alright. He's always at this place? Naw, he come and go. But it's the spot since the war started. He musta done something to you. Naw, it's just business. Almost forgot. This came in for you last night. Said she called your cell phone, but you didn't answer. She had a nice voice. Like a kitty-cat. We're on. He say for you to be there, half-pint. </i> Yeah, okay. Stringer Bell, that's him. - There it is. - Yeah, but for how long? He could toss that burner at any moment. I got Rhonda, you raise Daniels. Okay. Ronnie, yeah, we're on Stringer's phone. Lieutenant. - You should go straight to the judge. - I'll meet you there with an affidavit. - Lester's raising Daniels. - McNulty's calling Pearlman. Watch that footwork, baby. Alright. Take it to him now. Take it to him now. I'm a beast, coach. Alright, boy, don't be gloatin' on it. Yo, when we gonna have some real fights? You know, one of them tournament things. Yeah, we gladiators, son. Y'all got more fire than skills. You ain't ready for no full-blown thing just yet. But I don't know, maybe it be good for you all to spar with some boys you don't know. A nigga step in my house, he gettin' dropped. I met these fellas at that gym over on Pennsylvania Avenue. I'll see if they wanna roll through. A- ight? A- ight. A-ight. You don't return a councilman's calls? I'm off this week. Taking a little accrued vacation. Yeah. And I heard why. I'm here for your side of this story. If I can't get that, then whatever comes out of Burrell's mouth is gonna stand. You good with that? What did you do, Major? And why the fuck haven't they shut it down? We've seen that law enforcement steam roller approach is just spitting in the wind. I really think that you're onto something here, Clarence. But if you keep it up before you know it, they'll be calling you the most dangerous man in america. Well, I know it may appear that we're vulnerable here, huh? But if we enforce the drug laws everywhere else in the city, aggressively how can they say we're not a law-and-order administration. Now there's got to be a middle ground here that we have yet to find. There's got to be some way to accomplish this without turning everything upside down. This used to be one of my worst corners. This is the neighborhood where a cop got shot last summer, right? Dozerman. Looks quiet now. So do most all my corners. G- man. So, what's up? Shut the door. In 10 minutes we're gonna have an affidavit for a city judge to sign: It's for Russell Bell's dirty cell. It's a good pull. It is if Bay Wireless doesn't take five days to process it. You owe me, Fitz. That whole port case came down early behind some ugly shit in your house. Now, I don't care how you do it, but I need my wire today. These guys were in radio cars two months ago chasing calls, clearing corners. I pulled them to do felony follow-up. More police work, less bullshit, and that's why my crime is down. My numbers are true. What'd he do? Church burglaries, 14 of 'em. Let's go. Mademoiselle. Is it aff-ee-ant or aff-I-ant. I've never been clear on that. You been hunting this guy Bell for a long time, haven't you, Jimmy? A while, yeah. Name's familiar to me. That the thing that we did a few years back, was he the... yeah. What's done is done, Jimmy. Now, for your own fucking sake, just let it go. Come on. As the affiant do you solemnly swear and attest that the information contained in this document... That's the most sign ificant dropin crime in this district in recent history. We still got some hard lookin' boys out on them streets. An' Sergeant, them little mini-motorcycles they keepin' me up at night. We're working on that. I have been livin' in this part of the city my whole life. And I can tell you something. We weren't any angels when we were kids. And those are hard boys you talkin' about, half of 'em they just playin' gangster. They no different from what we were. Shirts and drawers a little longer, is all. The one thing I do miss about my neighborhood I'm talking about the neighborhood I came up in. See, we knew the police. See? We had a white police officer, our house was on his beat on his foot beat and he would be sitting out talking to my mother damn near every night. I mean just sittin' out on her stoop just talking. And I'm telling you, this man, his name was Frazier O'Leary. He even knew my grandmother by name. Yes, ma'am. Now let's move on to the tip-line information... I'm so sorry, baby. I'm real sorry, but I was not finished. You see, let me tell you something. I have not seen that face-to-face policein' in a long while. In a very long while. Until last week. A young officer, black officer, came by my stoop, I was sitting out gave me his card. His name was Reggie Ballard, is his name, right? And he said, and he talked to me. We just talked. And see now I know his name and face and he knows my name and face. You see? And I'm going to tell you something. That is how it should be. My son wants to open up one of them snowball stands on the street. Do he need a permit for this? You ever seen a Westside community meeting like this one? In fact, folks downtown at minor privileges tell me that stands aren't allowed in the citywide way at all. Now they do say it is possible to have a snowball stand behind the sidewalk... Why are you really down here, Councilman? I mean, this ain't even your district. I'm interested. I have the Public Safety Subcommittee. See that buding there? Was the old Stryker building. It was a funeral parlor the last stop before the cemetery for Westside white folk back when there were still some of those around. Right 'bout the time that... Jim Crow was breakin' up back in the early 60s somebody ask old man Stryker, they say "Stryker, you gonna change your policy and start buryin' black folk. " And Stryker said "yeah, on one condition: If I can do all of them at once. " That's sick. You know somethin'? I had a lot of respect for that man. 'Cause, unlike most folks I always knew where he stood. I'm doing my job. Look, I done showed you the good. Come on, let me show you the ugly. Hey, how come so quick? Stringer Bell's given name? Russell. For now. Achmed. We're on the top of the mountain. Come get 'em, come get 'em. </i> This is it? One of three. How did you make this happen? I just did it. I got tired of hearin' folks talk about what needed to be done or... what they would do if it were up to them. Got them bottle rockets, bottle rockets. </i> So, what, this is about you making a mark? Nah, I ain't analyzed it all that deep. I ain't claimin' no kind of victory, neither. I will say, I'm glad I tried. Go on, Councilman. I'll wait for you down here. You're not comin'? What you're gonna see ain't pretty. But you're safe. W.M.D'S., Got them W.M.D'S.</i> Think you need to take this journey your ownself. Yellow tops. Yellow tops, right here. </i> I ordered one for you. Thanks. Surprised I called? A little. After the way we left it. I'm a type-a, Jimmy. People like me break things. When I slow down, or when I take a minute to think about it, I... Is that your idea of an apology? I didn't drive an hour up 95 to apologize. I missed you. I missed you, too, I guess. Still, seems like a long way to come just to tell me that then turn around and drive back down to D.C. I'm not driving back tonight. So what's goin' on? You working on a case? It's a good one. How about you? Anything interestin'? I did hear a crazy Baltimore story you know through the rumor of Washington. Really? Some... renegade police commander takes it on himself to I dunno, legalize drugs in the precinct. Mayor doesn't even know about it. Can you believe that? Crazy story. Someone... I think it's Colvin. You know him? No, I can't say that I do. Still, I think it's funny that some... water-cooler talker down in D.C. Knows any Baltimore cop's name. I was just wondering. Listen, I'm... - You're leaving? - Yeah, I think so. Goodnight. Damn, man, I miss this crib already. Yeah, well, you spendin' a lot of time at the other spot doin' what you gotta do, huh. Yeah. Man, it's a shame we got to deal with this Marlo bullshit, man. I mean if I had taken care of that earlier, man... There's always gonna be a Marlo, man. No Marlo, no game. But you coulda dealt with that shit a little sooner. I mean, yeah, but you know what I'm sayin' don't let it lay on you like that. Tonight, I mean, I'm gonna kick back and just enjoy this view. I mean, look at this shit. Can you fucking believe this? I mean, I got a crib that's overlooking the harbor. This is the same place we used to run through this motherfucker. We had every security guard in there... following us. As they should have. True, true. And then there was that one time... Toy store. Hell yeah, I told your ass not to steal the badminton set. What you gonna do with a fucking net and a racket and we ain't got no yard. Uou like, "yo, that white boy ain't gonna jump over that counter and come chase after me. " He sure did, though. And he said, "whschooooo". I said, "what the fuck... " He was on your ass like Carl Lewis. Fist was rolled up. Your ass was runnin' too, fast as you could. Punching yourself in the chest looking all mad an' shit. That shit was crazy, man. Right here, too, man, right there. Goddamn. Can you imagine, man, if I had the money that I have now, man I coulda bought half this waterfront property. Goddamnit. Forget about that for awhile, man. Just dream with me. We ain't got to dream no more, man. We got real shit real estate we can touch. I can't get too fucked up tonight, man. I got some shit I gotta do on the site tomorrow. Plus, the fucking polack we got working for us, man I gotta pull his coat. If he had anything to do with that Clay Davis bullshit, man I'm gonna have to cut his money, little faggot. What time y'all meetin'? What time, 12... I think, why? You need me to do something for you? Naw, just seeing where you going to be at. You need to relax more, man. All in time, is right. I will. You know I don't take my work... too seriously. That's right. It's just business. Us, motherfucker. To us, man. Hit him, Andre, go get him. Come on, Spider. - Alright? - I'm good, I'm good. Alright. Alright, Ditty, you up. You, Justin. C'mon, boy, I'm callin' your name. Alright, listen up, we're gonna have three two-minute rounds. Watch the low blows. Touch gloves. And... Let's go, Justin. Come on. That's good, that's good. Come on, man. Block that. He leadin' left and punchin' right, Justin. Move towards his weak side. He only come up to your waist. Oh, man, bell. That was a quick two minutes. Yeah, I know. Get you some water, boy, and spit it out. You alright? Dizzy. That's why the hell I keep tellin' you got to breathe, boy. So, what? You had enough? Nah, I'm good. Alright, alright. - Let's go, Justin. - Let's go, Justin. Jab, Justin, jab. Hey, we're up. Here it is. - It's me, man. - You heard from the fat man?</i> Yeah. We low, right? One mark shy of the mark. </i> Yeah, it's light. Cherry says it's light. Well, tell the man I'm doin' what needs done. </i> A-ight, I'll tell him. - Oh, an' that other thing... - Huh?</i> Them two hitters you asked after. </i> They good with it. Not on the phone. That's it. We got! Good work. I guess this is pertinent. Ain't no need to go back out. You ain't got to prove nothin'. Shoot, my momma hit me harder than that. I still got a chance, he gettin' tired. Drink and spit. Ready. You more than ready, boy. You a game rooster. Let's go, Justin! Is there an alley entrance? Boarded up on both sides. We gonna have to go through the front. That's a change for you, isn't it? You just be ready, bow tie. Know what I'm talkin' about? Breathe, boy. Breathe. Touch gloves. How I do? You still got plenty to learn. But on the heart side? You did good. Go on, soldier. You done for today. Oh, I can see it all clearly now. Between you and them subcontractors and that motherfuckin' politician you all had me in a spin, right. - Mr. Bell, I don't know... - Little man! We gonna get all this shit sorted out. And hey, if the shit don't come up right one way or another you gonna pay for this shit. Look, I understand you're angry but at the same time you can see the progress we've made in here. Progress. Now I honestly don't know what passed between you and Senator Davis. But if you're unhappy with Clayton's performance then you have to work that out... Oh, shit. Oh God. Oh, God, no. I ain't strapped. Look, man, I ain't involved. I ain't involved in that gangster bullshit no more. What you niggas want, man? Money? Is that it?! 'Cause if it is, man, I can be a better friend to y'all alive. You still don't get it, do you? This ain't about your money, bro. Your boy gave you up. That's right. And we ain't had to torture his ass, neither. This seem like... I can't say nothin' to change y'all minds. Well, get on with it, motherfuckers!