Pegasus Commander. The Cylon's fetus contains no antigens. It makes it a universal donor. ADAMA: Are you saying you've found a cure for the President's cancer? BALTAR: Yes. ROSLlN: I've got ships on half-rations. When will some of these supplies start getting out to the fleet? The target's FTL is history. She's all yours. (PANTlNG) RACETRACK: He's all right! RACETRACK: I say again, Apollo is all right. Let's just be glad that we both came back alive, all right? That's just it, Kara. I didn't want to make it back alive. You're not gonna shoot. You're not like me. APOLLO: Hey, hey. Hey, don't go. Sorry. I thought you were still asleep. You should have kicked me out of bed an hour ago. If I hold up Galactica's Raptor, Tigh'll have my ass. (CHUCKLES) Which, we both know, currently belongs to me. All right, let's move on to the next item. Oh, no, gentlemen, please, don't get up. After the last few weeks, it just feels good to be on my feet. Thank you, though. You've made a remarkable recovery, Madam President. Remarkable indeed. But now I'm playing catch-up. I'm afraid during my illness I lost focus. I let some things slide. Well, that's behind us now. Yes, it is. To the point. Supplies are running low and the people are worried. FlSK: Well, they wouldn't be civilians if they didn't have something to bitch about. ROSLlN: Well, I think that in this case, they're entitled. Our inventory levels are tight, but they're not critical. But all the way across the fleet, people are reporting shortages of essential goods, and what they do get comes at a high price. They're turning to the black market. Last week, one of my aides came down with pneumonia. Billy had to trade liquor to get the antibiotics. It's the nature of the beast. People want what they want. A few trades would be one thing, Commander Fisk. That's reality. But I'm talking about criminals making outrageous demands on the people. So, bottom line is, I'm implementing a new, fleet-wide trade policy. We need to be in control of our supply chain, not black market thugs. I am hoping that I can have the military's support on this. Admiral, if you want Pegasus to run these dogs down, you just give us the word. Our people will do whatever it takes to get this under control. And it's good to have you back, Madam President. It's good to be back. Thank you, Admiral. Gentlemen, thank you. (DOOR CLOSlNG) FlSK: Is Madam President always so right-in-your-face? Her last-minute resurrection seems to have invigorated her somewhat. Yeah, well, maybe too much. She doesn't really think her made-up plans and regulations are gonna change anything, does she? As if we don't have enough to do. No, Madam President sets a great prestige by her office and Adama supports her, at least for the moment. Well, then, so do l, just for the moment. By the way, did you get the cigars I had sent over? I not only got them, I enjoyed them as well. Well, my pleasure, Mr. Vice President. Well, I've got a ship to run. I look forward to our next visit. As do l. SHEVON: I got them from a friend. (DOOR OPENlNG) APOLLO: Paya. SHEVON: Hey, sweetie. Wow. You seem to get an inch taller every time I see you. What, I don't get my handshake? Well, that's okay, Paya. I have a special surprise for you, and it's in here. APOLLO: You wanna come see? SHEVON: What's he got? Go on. (BAG UNZlPPlNG) APOLLO: What have we got? (GASPS) Oh, Paya. I've never been great with kids. Maybe next time I'll get one with two eyes. I'll see if I can trade it for something else. No, it's okay. You just surprised her. Well... Well, look, I'm not sure when I'll be able to make it back. I know. I'm gonna have to ask for an extra hundred since you spent the night. (DOOR CLOSES) (LlGHTER CLlNKlNG) Well, I wondered when you were gonna show up. (FlSK GAGGlNG) LANDlNG OFFlCER: (ON RADlO) Raptor one-two-niner, you are cleared into the break. (PANTlNG) RACETRACK: Galactica, Raptor one-two-niner has the ball. Inbound speed 220. Admiral, Colonel, I'm just getting started, but from the looks of him, I'd say he was garroted. Gods. This is the last thing we needed. Admiral, you might want to take a look at this. Looks like our friend Fisk hit the jackpot. Cubit? If you find anything else, let me know right away. If I find anything else, I may retire early. ADAMA: Someone's sending us a message. Or running us in circles. Maybe there's another Cylon in the fleet. I'd almost prefer that to the alternative: we start killing our own. All they have to do is sit back and watch. Fisk? Do we have any idea who did it? No. But we will do a full investigation and I want you to lead it. Don't you think it would be better if someone from Pegasus dealt with this? Even though Cain's gone, her influence lingers. I need someone I can trust. You know, there were times when that was in short supply between us. We've both been through an awful lot, Son. And I hope that we've grown stronger for it. I need your help. I'll call up a flight to Pegasus right away. Anyone else been inside? Just the medical team, sir. BALTAR: Do you know who I am? I am the Vice President of the Colonies. Let me in. Captain Adama. Commander Fisk didn't tell me you were invited. Let him in. They were going to let me in. BALTAR: Oh, my gods. What's going on in here? Where's Fisk? On a slab in Galactica's morgue. What, he's dead? Isn't this your brand? NO. 6: Careful, Gaius. You bought yourself some goodwill by saving Roslin, but it's fading. Their old suspicions are reemerging. What are you doing here? Captain? I was about to ask you the same thing. Wait a minute, l... Are you interrogating me? I'm not sure I appreciate your tone. This isn't a diplomatic exercise. A man was butchered. APOLLO: His head was practically severed from his body with piano wire. NO. 6: You're Vice President of the fleet. Why are you acting like a child with your hand in the cookie jar, hmm? Wonder what she would say if she saw you like this. You know, I can't believe it's even necessary for me to explain myself to you, but obviously, no, I had nothing to do with Commander Fisk's death. For the record, I just came here to discuss President Roslin's new trade policy. Well, I thought that was settled. No, Commander Fisk had some reservations. I'll bet. And as the Vice President, I decided to assuage his doubts of my own free will. Is that sufficient? Or would you like me to provide you with an alibi? I'm sure I can rustle one up. Enjoy the cigars. APOLLO: Escort the Vice President to his ship. (MACHlNES HUMMlNG) The wireless is going crazy. Word of Fisk's murder has spread out through the entire fleet. When we lose a command officer aboard a warship, people are gonna be concerned about their security. TlGH: A crew can fall apart when their commander's killed. Pegasus lost two in a matter of weeks. Maybe this time they were lucky. His personal log shows that he was rerouting supply runs, on and offloading freighters without command authorization. APOLLO: He raided the MacConnel and at least a dozen other ships in the last week. I found a small warehouse of high-value merchandise in his quarters. He was working the black market. Half the fleet's working it. Fisk was getting greedy. If he crossed one of his suppliers on a deal, that would explain the cubits that Cottle found. It still doesn't tell us who did it. Well, he's gonna need trading partners. And they wouldn't be hard to find, even on Galactica. WORKER 1: All right, let's open it up here. WORKER 2: Move around back. (PAYA COUGHlNG) Lee, I'm scared. Paya's cough keeps getting worse. I'll bring her something on my next trip. Which could be weeks if there's another Cylon attack. I keep hearing about shortages on the other ships, people trading anything they can for food, and for medicine. Really? Have you seen all the new working girls outside? Lee, when your baby's crying because it's hungry, you'll do anything to make it stop. Hey. Come here. PAYA: Mommy. (KNOCKlNG ON DOOR) Captain. What do you want? APOLLO: Is your wife around, Colonel? No. Why? Is this hers? Yeah. She lost it a couple weeks ago. Where the hell did you find it? On Pegasus. In Commander Fisk's quarters. (COUGHlNG) She's burning up. APOLLO: What did they say at the infirmary? Antibiotics have all been rationed out. They said they might have something by the end of the week. (PAYA COUGHlNG) We got shortages across the fleet, people begging for scraps, but somehow you and Mrs. Tigh have fresh fruit, real liquor... All right. What the hell is this about? You must have known she was trading with Fisk. Well, maybe I'll talk to her. She didn't give it to Fisk. I did. I traded it for a few necessities, a couple of things to help her get by. Big frakking deal. There's nothing illegal about that. Not yet. Don't you play holier-than-thou with me. I haven't done anything that most people on this ship haven't done. Including you. Doesn't make us right, Colonel, just a whole lot of people wrong. (PANTlNG) (GRUNTlNG) You didn't make it to class today. (PANTlNG) Yeah, I've been pretty jammed up. Anyway, I'm not sure you need me holding your hand anymore. Was that what you were doing? Holding my hand? (CHUCKLES) I meant it as a compliment. Permission to speak frankly, sir? You don't need my permission and you don't need the "sir." Maybe that's the problem. I don't really know what to think anymore. So I'll just ask. Is this going somewhere? Dee... Please don't pretend like you don't know what I'm talking about. You now, our... Our time together, our workouts. Something's changed between us. I'm just not sure what you want me to say. Then don't say anything. WOMAN: (ON P.A. SYSTEM) Communications paging Captain Adama. You have a priority ship-to-ship call from Cloud 9. Captain Adama here. (BANGlNG ON DOOR) APOLLO: Shevon. Shevon, it's me! Shevon? Oh, my gods. What did they do? They said they knew about you and me. They wanted to know what we've been talking about. Lee, I don't understand why they'd care. All right, get what you need. I'm taking you and Paya back to Galactica. (BAG RUSTLlNG) Lee, wait. It's the only place I can keep you safe. What are you gonna tell them about us? I'm not fooling myself. I know what this is. SHEVON: Lee! (MAN GROANS) (SCREAMlNG) (SHEVON SCREAMS) (GRUNTlNG) Get away from us! (CHOKlNG) You listening? I hear any more talk about Fisk, I'm going to send your whore back to you piece by piece. And then I'm gonna start on the little girl. I know who you are, I know whose son you are. And I don't care. You tell Adama to let it go. Is that when you knew that you loved her? I thought so. SHEVON: But you hurt her. (GRUNTlNG) (GROANlNG) This is Captain Adama. I need a medic and a security team on L Deck asap. You wanted to see me, Madam President? Yes. Thank you for coming, Doctor. Have a seat. Would you like some tea? I'd love one. You know, I'm never quite sure where we stand with each other, Doctor. Why do you think that is? I can't imagine why. I've never had anything but the utmost respect for you and your office. I understand that you and Commander Fisk planned to meet just prior to his death. As I have already explained to Captain Adama, Commander Fisk had several lingering concerns about your new trade policy. What can I say? And that's it? NO. 6: Gaius, she's afraid of you. Why are you asking me this? You saved my life and I'm grateful. But I sense that there is some unease in you about assuming the presidency and I'd like to offer you an out. You what? Resign. Return to your scientific work on Galactica. No one will question your motives, and you can consider it a second chance like the one you gave me. Charming. Doctor, this is a one-time offer. I suggest you reconsider. You know, Madam President, I've never been particularly interested in politics and I never wanted any lofty position of power. I never wanted to be the Vice President. That is, until this very moment. Because right now, I can't think of anything I want more. One to the head. You didn't do this? I was attacked. I found him there when I woke up. Security bulletin said Commander Fisk was garroted with a wire. Whatever happened, looks like you found your guy. What about Shevon, and her daughter? Cloud 9's an open port. Chances are they're already off-ship. I'll get a team down here. Councilman Zarek. Lee. I just heard. Are you all right? What are you doing here? Attending a Quorum meeting. Nothing as exciting as all this, I assure you. I know these places are legal, but still, the son of the almighty Adama? Talk to me about the black market. (ZAREK CHUCKLES) Not much to say. It's widespread, inevitable, and according to President Roslin, illegal. So it's no surprise that you and Fisk were in it up to your necks. Fisk, maybe, but not me. I represent Astral Queen. Have to be careful about the company I keep. This is Fisk's log. He says he made three runs to Astral Queen in the last 10 days and I doubt it was to discuss prison reform. What do you want from me, Captain? Names of ships. Contacts. I can't help you. Why do you think Fisk approached me? To get a piece of your black market scam. To offer you protection. You and your father are both so blinded by the past. Fisk's black market was up and running when he approached me. He knew Adama would pick up on his unauthorized shuttles, so he tried to force me into taking over the deliveries, creating a firewall between Pegasus and the illegal shipments. So you're trying to tell me that you turned him down? At great cost. Check the fleet logs, see how many supply ships made stops at the Astral Queen after Fisk's last trip. The answer is none. So if Fisk was trying to starve you out, why didn't you bring it to the Quorum? Roslin's acting like the black market's some sort of aberration, but I thought you were smarter than that. Did you really expect some utopian fantasy to rise from the ashes? ZAREK: I heard the security officer. They gave you Fisk's killer for a reason. They're offering you a way out. You know something, don't you? Just rumors. There's a freighter, Prometheus. Some people say it's gone off the grid. But if you want something bad enough, that's where you go. The deals are brokered by an ex-military mercenary named Phelan. Lee. I hope she's worth it. (ZAREK SlGHS) (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) Hey, man, biotics. Here. (PAYA COUGHlNG) (CHlLDREN SOBBlNG) Paya? Paya! Paya! Hey, Paya. Hey, it's okay. It's Lee, do you remember? It's Lee. You're gonna be fine, I promise you. Okay, you just hang tight. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. (SlGHlNG) (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) You may find this hard to believe, but my father was in the service, too. Strict as hell, probably the same as your old man. But when the Cylons attacked, all his duty and honor didn't add up to squat. Is she dead? I can see why you want her back. She's one of my best. One of yours? A good escort understands it's about a lot more than sex. PHELAN: She knows when to listen, and when to call for help. Lee, I had to. PHELAN: Don't blame her. The only reason you're alive is because I was able to see you through Shevon's eyes. And what I saw seemed reasonable. Like Fisk? Fisk was a pig. He tried to force us to renegotiate. So you killed him. No. I gave you the killer, the murder weapon, the prints, everything you needed to close the case legitimately. Despite the President's objections, the fleet needs us. Rationing's too tight, ship comes in too late, we're the pressure valve. We provide. PHELAN: When Shevon needed antibiotics, she knew where to go. Without us, people would have nowhere to turn. The fleet would tear itself apart. And what about those children outside? How are they helping the fleet? Everyone has needs. Some settle for cigars and liquor. You wanted Shevon. Others are more demanding. It's hard to find the moral high ground when we're all standing in the mud. I'm not like my old man, Captain. And you are not like yours. I came alone, but Galactica tracked me on dradis. All they'll need to vent this ship into space is an excuse. So let's make a deal. I want Shevon, the girl, I walk out of here and you shut down this operation. And all of you will live. Sorry, the little girl's been paid for. No refunds. Oh, gods. No! PHELAN: Wait. Lee, don't. Come on. Do it. Do it. I made you a fair offer. (MAN CHOKlNG) So did l. APOLLO: Yeah, you're probably right about everything. You, me, Fisk. Nobody can stop it. And maybe nobody should. But it needs limits. There's lines you can't cross and you've crossed them. You're not gonna shoot. You're not like me. You're not gonna... (MUMBLlNG) (GASPlNG) APOLLO: All right, it's done. The fleet relies on the black market. Much as we'd like, we can't wish that away. So you're still in business. For now. But if there are any more killings, if you hold back essential medicines, if you ever touch a child... Shevon... No, I don't want... Hey, hey, it's over. It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay... Lee, Lee, no. Hey. Shevon, it's over. Stop. I can't be what you want me to be. I don't want you to be anything. You want me to be her. (SNlFFLlNG) That's what this is about. That's what this has always been about. No. That's not what this has ever been about. Come on, Lee. I know my job. I'm a replacement. For a lot of things. Things that men can't get anywhere else. SHEVON: Things they've lost. She wanted to give you a child. But you were afraid, so you pushed her away and then you ran, and you didn't stop running until it was too late. Well, I'm not her. And Paya is not, and will never be, your child. APOLLO: Commander Fisk's murder has been resolved and Pegasus' crew appears to have accepted Galactica's conclusions. That's all, Madam President. Not quite. What about this ship Prometheus? I understand it's the hub of the fleet's black market. We will keep an eye on them. Keep an eye on them. That's not exactly the solution I had in mind. Whether or not we allow a criminal enterprise to thrive in this fleet is not a matter of choice, Captain. Admiral? I've given Lee full authority on this issue. The decision is his. I support your trade policies wholeheartedly, Madam President, but we are never gonna have a perfect system. There will always be some kind of black market. At least this way I know names, I know faces, I know where they are and we will monitor the situation. Thank you, gentlemen, I'm busy. (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) BlLLY: Eighteen. I'm starting to sweat here. Nineteen... You should be sweating. Twenty... Why aren't you doing any of these? No talking, no talking, please. No cheating. Hold it up, a little higher. (CHUCKLlNG) Sneaky. Eight, nine... Start again. You aren't serious. Zero... Well? No? President wasn't very happy today. No. Ever since you ejected from the Blackbird, you've been different. Harder to reach. I'm just trying to understand. Well, like you said, Dad, we've all been through a lot.