You're insane. You kill me, l download, l come back, we start over. l don't belong here! Let me out! Some of the guys who joined the Cylon police, bet they're in over their heads. One day, when this is all over, guys like that are gonna get strung up. Guys like you and me, we're gonna be there tying the knots, making 'em tight. Where are you getting this stuff? l've no idea. The source won't tell me their name. It's probably safer for all of us. - Mr President? - Morning, Gaeta. This is a death warrant. Have you seen the names on this list? Got any idea what they're about to do? l got this from the source in the administration. It's a death list, and Cally's name is on it. Run. Don't look back. Go! We were ambushed. The Cylons knew exactly where we were gonna be. - l didn't do anything! - This is the map l drew for you! You were gonna burn it, but then your wife offered to do it for you. You know what has to be done here. It would be better for her sake if it was you. (sobs) Come on! Move! Move, move! Evacuate the facility. You should go as well, Gaius. There's a place for you too. (Connor) Walk. (chokes) (sobs) Evidence for the following charges have been presented to the Circle - that you carried arms for the enemy, that you carried out raids against the human population and that, during one raid, 23 people were killed by you and your men during the assault on the temple. It's not true! Names of the people killed by you and those under you. Look at those names! Connor. The Circle examined the evidence and found you guilty of treason and crimes against humanity. Do you have anything to say before sentence is passed? - l was trying to help people. - You didn't do a very good job, did you? - All right, let's just get this over with. - l helped people. l helped lots of people. Chief. Chief. Chief, l helped Cally. l saved Cally. - l saved Cally. - What do you mean, you helped Cally? l let her go when they were gonna shoot her. l took her out of line, l said, "Go. Run like hell." And she did. She ran and she got away. Because of me, Chief. l helped Cally. l saved Cally. Cally did get away, somehow. They killed 23 people during the temple raids. 12 men, eight women and three children. Children! My son is on this list. His name is right there. And that frakking son of a bitch put him there. So saving Cally, if that happened, does that make up for killing my son? Answer the question, Chief. Does saving Cally let him off the hook for killing 23 others? Did you do this, Jammer? Did you kill these people? (whispers) Answer me. (whispers) It was crazy down there, Chief. You know that. You make these decisions so fast. You're making an arrest and people come out with their hands up, but sometimes it's a trick. They say they're surrendering and then open fire. We thought they were insurgents. It wasn't until after, when we saw the bodies... What was l supposed to do? No, it doesn't. Under the Articles, the punishment for treason is death. Sentence confirmed and carried out on this, the third day of the Second Exodus. - l'm sorry! - There's too much frakking talk. (sobs) l'm sorry! (mouths) My son, Kevin, he was only seven years old. Come on. Connor. Let's go. This isn't what l signed up for. (low chatter) (whispers) Good boy. Shh. Good boy. Hey, sweetie. - Am l on watch? - No, no, you're fine. Here, give him to me. Come here, come here. Come to Daddy. Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. There you go. l know. Mommy's much more comfortable than me, huh? - Cally? - Mm-hm? When you were down on the planet and you ran away from the trucks, did anybody help you? One of the NCP goons, or anybody? (sleepily) What? No. Wait, yeah. Somebody told me to run. It probably was one of those goons. But l haven't thought about it since. Hey, how did you know about that? l mean, why do you ask? No reason. Go back to sleep. OK. In my opinion, it wasn't his fault. l hate to admit it, but the admiral's right. He was in an impossible situation. l'd have probably done the same in his position. Well, if that's the way it has to be, then that's the way it has to be. No hard feelings? None. Mistakes were made - of that, there's no question. But the past... is the past. l think we can all agree that we'd like to move on. You fools. You're being too lenient. He betrayed you. He actively sought your deaths. Doesn't that matter to you? Don't you have any self-respect? (coughs) l wouldn't bother. They can't hear you. - Don't make me angry, Gaius. - You wouldn't like her when she's angry. (Roslin) l've always wanted you. - Oh, no. - What? - l'm dreaming, aren't I? - Yes, you are. (sighs) Hey. - Did you get any sleep? - <i>(clears throat)</i> Sleep when you're dead. Nice. What is all that? (sighs) l got my gear out of storage. Never thought l'd see any of this stuff again. Hey. - What? - Come here. Just don't, OK? (woman) Excuse me, guys. So, Mr President, how long before the new Quorum of Twelve can be sworn in? Uh... three days. l will personally place your name in nomination as my vice president. Once they confirm you, l submit my resignation and you get sworn in. The whole thing should take less than an hour. Stepping down without a fight? That means you want something. Why not put your cards on the table and let's see if it's a price l'm willing to pay. Well, l'm a realist. l never had any illusions about remaining in office for very long. And the admiral's made it clear he'd like nothing better than to put me in a cell if l try to hang onto power. He's trying to do you a favour. You and l both know how impossible it would be to govern this fleet without the military's backing. l agree. That's why we're here. Even so, l want to be included in the new government. l don't want to be on the outside looking in any more. OK. OK. You stood up to Baltar on New Caprica. You nearly lost your life for your trouble. This fleet needs that kind of courage. The vice-presidency is yours. If you want it, Tom. Well, thank you. You're welcome. You gotta be kidding. Who gave this man permission to enter the CIC? Admiral's orders, sir. Communications took some hits and Mr Gaeta has offered to help with repairs. Well, isn't that nice? A man can turn his coat, collaborate with the enemy, contribute to the deaths of thousands, but the old man needs his phones fixed and suddenly all is forgiven. If Cylons find us, we'll need everyone. Cylons found us, Mr Agathon. Your friend Gaeta was on the welcoming committee. Hey! Look at me! Since you're here, maybe you can help me out. l'm missing something. l lost it in detention. Since you're so buddy-buddy with the Cylons, maybe you know where it is. How about it? - Do you know where my eye is? - <i>(Adama)</i> Saul! Admiral. Back to work. - Walk with me. - Yeah. We have a lot of work in the next couple of weeks. Get some sleep, get ready. l'm ready now. l may be rough around the edges, but l can hold my own. And you can tell that toaster-Iover over there that l am still the XO of this ship. - Let's go. - Get your hands off me. - You're embarrassing yourself. - It's you who should be embarrassed. Letting one of Baltar's henchmen walk around like nothing's happened. Go sleep this off. That's an order. Oh, yeah. Just go to sleep. Forget about it all. Just forget about everything. Well, l'm not forgetting. l'm not gonna forget. Charges are carrying arms for the enemy in a time of war, shooting three civilians and collaboration with the enemy. - l call the vote. - Guilty. - Guilty. - Guilty. Guilty. Yeah. Guilty. Guilty. The vote being unanimous, the sentence is death. Chadwick's aboard the <i>Monarch.</i> l'll contact our man there. He'll take care of it. Anybody got a cigarette? - How many more of these have we got? - 57. Three days. That's all the time we've got. Then stop wasting it. We all knew there was a clock when we signed on. These fraks are so guilty they stink. l could get through 50 of these things in an hour. You think we're a bunch of thugs handing out punishment on a whim? Jammer wasn't airlocked cos you <i>thought</i> he was guilty. There was evidence. You read the witness reports. He was tried and convicted by this Circle. This is about justice. You got that? Justice! Yeah. OK, OK. (Tigh) Hey. Now, don't get me wrong here. l like you, Connor. You're a good guy. Next case. (Seelix) Felix Gaeta. Charges are collaborating with the enemy and crimes against humanity. l don't want to do this. Do you think l like it? l stood beside Gaeta in the CIC for almost four years. He was like family. But he was chief of staff to Gaius Baltar, and that alone is enough to convict him. l'm saying on this particular guy, we do not have hard evidence. We got no witnesses, nothing. All we do know is he worked for Baltar. That's it. Yeah, l gotta go with Sam on this one. We need something specific. You want specific? You think Baltar ran things? That guy? He was the public face, but Gaeta, he was the brains. Everyone knew that. He ran the operation. He did the paperwork. He approved the death lists. How do you know? Were you there? Did you see him approve a single death list? He knew Cally was on a death list. - What are you talking about? - Look there. That's a distribution list, and there's Cally's name. And there's Gaeta's name. He saw her execution order. It's still all circumstantial. We don't know what Gaeta did when he saw that list. l gotta go with them on this one. No! You see a death list, you know innocent people are gonna die and you do nothing? He's guilty. l call the question. The question of the innocence or guilt of Felix Gaeta has been called. The Circle will vote. - l vote guilty. - <i>(Connor)</i> Guilty. - Guilty. - Guilty. - Sam? - No, don't bother. l'm done. - We're still voting. - l'm not. l'm done. l'm done with this whole thing. The war's over for me. l'm sorry. OK. That's fine. - Still 4-0, Chief. What's your vote? - No, wait. We need six votes. - Screw that. - No, screw you! We're a jury. We need six votes. If we don't have six votes, l'm out too. He's right. We need a sixth. How are you, Gaius? l'm alive. l suppose that's something. Thank you. You'll have to excuse me. l'm slightly confused. How long have l been here, exactly? Three days. Three days? So it's taken you three days to remember where l was? No one's forgotten you, Gaius. It's just there's been controversy about whether you should've been let on board. l can't believe there's still a question of my value. There'll always be a question. You are a human. Now, look... l helped you. l gave you Sharon's child. Yes, that's right, you did. And the child's rescue did weigh in your favour. However, the vote's deadlocked - three in favour of your being allowed to stay and three against, with one model still undecided. The fact is, the decision rests with the Sixes. We're starting to see a rash of missing persons reports. We left thousands on that planet. No, this is different. These are people known to have survived, but who have gone missing since the exodus. Jammer, for instance. - Deck hand. l saw him yesterday. - He didn't report at muster this morning. Bed check negative, sickbay negative. It's like he just vanished. - How many people are missing? - 13, as of today. Two on <i>Galactica,</i> 11 elsewhere. Every one of them confirmed as a survivor by multiple witnesses, then poof! Gone. Keep me posted on any more missing persons. l wanna know about it. Yes, sir. Now, if you'll excuse me... l have a date with a jump rope. Hey, l've dropped half a stone. Keep jumping. Hey. (clears throat) How you doing? Well, you know, l'm... making do. How are you? l'm good. Why do you ask? Well, uh... l heard about your situation. You were... Right. l just try not to think about it any more, you know? l'm kinda like you. Sitting in your cushy little office on Colonial One, doing all Baltar's dirty work. Probably never even thought about what was happening to me, right? l didn't know about your situation. - If l had, l would've tried to get you out. - Mm. Like l've said about 50 times now, l was serving the president of the Colonies. - We all elected him, remember? - So that's supposed to excuse it? What do you want me to say? Maybe l could've done more, but l thought that, when the Cylons landed, it was important for me to keep my job to help from the inside. Propping Baltar up and letting them walk all over us? No, l fed information to the Resistance. l set up dead drops - there was a dog bowl. l passed along Cylon positions, internal memoranda... Great, Felix. You're a frakking hero. Whatever feelings l had for you have to stop. l allowed my feelings to cloud my judgment. l protected you. l gave your species a second chance. l even turned against a sister Cylon. And for what? l'm Cylon, Gaius. Somehow l lost sight of that. You are much, much more than a machine. You're a person. A real person. A woman. And you're in love with me. And it hurts. l know it hurts. But, believe me, l am the only one that can make it better. Don't you see? l am the only one. (whispers) No, this has to end. You need me! You need me, admit it! Admit it! You need me! And l need you too! Did you hear me? l-I need you too. Maybe l should've started with that. This is a jury. l wanna make that clear. It's not about settling scores or personal grudges. It's a jury. We're just dealing with the worst of the worst - people who did more than put on an NCP uniform or make a deal with Cylons. They're the killers, the real traitors. Yeah, but none of this is legal, right? No, no. It's legal. You gotta be kidding me. That's why we need to know right now, are you in or out? (clears throat) - In. - Good. We've already been through the evidence, so just take your time. You're telling me that Gaeta saw this list and didn't do a damn thing? We have no idea of knowing what Gaeta did or did not do when he saw the list. The whole thing's like a bad dream, only we woke up and the traitors are still here. Guilty. That's 5-0 in favour of guilty. It's gotta be unanimous. Chief? You're the last to vote. (door opens) - Get out of here, Sam. - l'd like to talk to my wife. l'd like to do it now. We already have your vote. Take a break. Hey. l quit because l'm not looking for ways to keep killing people. - Well, l need this, Sam. - So, what? Throwing people out of an airlock is gonna make you feel better? Those aren't the people that kept you locked up. They'll do. Not just for me, for every person we left on that planet because someone has gotta pay. So you can either get with it or you can get lost. Is that what you want, Kara? You want me to leave? He doesn't wanna say "guilty" because Gaeta is such a good guy. Right, Chief? Everyone likes Gaeta so let's let him off the hook, let's just look the other way. Well, a lot of good people had to pay the price for what they did, choices they made on New Caprica. Like my wife. That's right. Ellen collaborated, gave the Cylons information on the Resistance, and she died for it. Because that's the price of collaborating with the enemy. And l liked her a lot more than l like Gaeta. Look, Sam, l'm in a different place now. I... l don't know how else to explain it to you. l got out of that cell and it's like someone painted the world in different colours. And l look at you... and l wanna tear your eyes out just for looking at me. l just wanna hurt someone, and it might as well be you. So you should probably go before that happens. Baltar signed death warrants, organised murder squads, collaborated with the enemy from day one. - Baltar, not Gaeta. - It's the same godsdamn thing. (Seelix) He's right. A lot of people died because of them, Chief. Fine. Guilty. (Anders) Remember this? l don't want this any more. Sam. (opens door) (shuts door) (Seelix) Take him. Turn around. On your knees. On your knees! Felix Gaeta, you've been tried and found guilty of crimes against humanity by a circle of your peers, as authorised by the president of the Colonies. If you have any words to offer in your own defence, now is the time. Come on, Felix, talk. We'll listen. Yeah, that's right. We'll listen to how hiding behind Baltar's skirt was your way of helping the insurgency. Say something. What's the point? l already tried to explain it. l'm not gonna beg. Too bad you didn't grow that spine four months ago. Beg. Beg. - Beg! - <i>(Tigh)</i> Thrace. No! Beg. Come on. Tell 'em how you were actually working for the Resistance the entire time. Come on! Tell 'em all about the important information you were giving up. Tell 'em about all the messages and the dog bowl and... What? What did she say? What did she just say? Get the frak out my way. What did she just say? Tell me. What did you say to her? There was a yellow dog bowl. It was a signal. It meant there was a message in the garbage dump. l turned it over. It was a signal. It meant there was a message at the dump. (Chief, groaning) That was you! Oh, my God... - <i>(Tigh)</i> What are you doing? - Chief. There was a yellow dog bowl. l used it. We were wondering who the source was, Colonel. There's no other way he could've known. He's the only other one that would know about it. He's why we know about the death lists, why l saved Cally, why we're on this ship. He's the one who gave us the inside information. There's our source, Colonel. l did what l could. l don't know what else l could've done. - What the hell is this? - It's all perfectly legal. You'll find an executive order authorising a secret jury of six men and women to try, sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes or collaborating with the enemy in war. l signed a death warrant for every conviction. Your presidency is a farce. It stops right now. If they're guilty, they'll be tried by a jury of their peers. They have a jury, but they don't get lawyers. They don't get to showboat for weeks on end. They don't get to blame the system, and they don't get lasting fame as martyrs or innocent people just in the wrong place at the wrong time. They just disappear. Now. In the grey twilight between the night of the occupation and the dawn of a new era. You come into office clean, without their blood on your hands. Well, thank you. That's, uh... that's very poetic. However, you have a problem, Mr President. Everyone, by law, is entitled to a trial with representation. Everyone. It is not an option to be discarded at the president's whim. You think by making the trials public that you'll find justice? - Yes, l do. - Come on, Laura. You're not that naive. Let me tell you what will happen if these cases go to trial. It'll consume this fleet for months, maybe years. People will be lining up to testify against their neighbours. It'll be a circus, an entertainment for the mob, and you'll be signing death warrants almost every day. Is that how you want to spend your next term, Laura? As executioner-in-chief? (man)... with every fibre of my being. With every fibre of my being. - Congratulations, Madam President. - Thank you. Thank you all for once again entrusting me with this high office of civil service. Today is a new beginning for all of us. We share a unique destiny, but our future is ours to shape and our past cannot be forgotten. A new day requires new thinking, and while l had intended on using this occasion as an opportunity to announce the formation of a special prosecutor's office charged with investigating acts of collaboration with the enemy, l have decided instead that a different gesture is called for on this, the first day of my next term as your president. We all feel the need for justice, and we all feel the need for vengeance. Telling the difference between the two can be difficult at times. We are all victims of the Cylons and none of us can be impartial. l certainly can't. So today l am forming a commission on truth and reconciliation to hear our stories and record them for posterity. There will be no prosecutions. l am issuing a general pardon for every human being in this fleet. This will not be a popular move today, but l truly believe that this is the only way for us to move forward in strength in a spirit of healing and reconciliation. l thank you for your continued patience and courage. Good day. Thank you. (woman) Hey, Chief.