She took these from her own mortal remains. The blood on these dog tags is 100% proof positive match for one Kara Thrace. We tried hooking him up to the main power grid. Thought it might reset his neural net. It's happening all over the ship. Power surges, temperature fluctuations. And now you're telling me it's been him all along? - Is that for me? - Hera wrote the notes to a song that my father used to play to me when I was a child. The same song that led us to Earth. There's a pattern that I can't see. But I think that you can. So we are going to pick it apart until we figure it out. - It's impossible. Somebody saw her. - What the hell's going on up there? Boomer took Hera, just walked right out of the daycare. Job well done. Go get some rest. Don't worry. We'll take good care of her. No, Boomer! If Cavil's plan was to steal Hera so he could study her, they'll take her to the colony. That's where we and the Centurions went after the first war. We're abandoning ship, Tigh. Put out the orders that I want the crew to start stripping down Galactica, packing all the weapons and gear. I want to start offloading the civilians by tomorrow. Full crew and ordinances transferred by the end of the week. To Galactica, best ship of the fleet. To Galactica. BATTLESTAR GALACTICA Season 4 - Episode 19 Subtitles -=( Lords of Kobol )=- I've commanded two Battlestars and three escorts before that. Come on, Bill. Don't be like that. There's nothing to get all upset about. Billions of cubits worth of equipment entrusted to me not to mention thousands of lives. It's one hour of your life. Look, sometimes there are things you just gotta do, all right? You always drink and drive? I drink, he drives. You like having things done for you, don't you? Certainly beats having to do them for yourself. Don't you? No, I prefer not to rely on others as much as possible. Less chance of being let down that way. Since you allowed yourself to be in my capable hands for this evening, here's hoping I won't let you down. I'll drink to that, Doctor. You can... You can call me Gaius, actually, if you want. This is crazy, but I've actually forgotten your name. Hello. Yes, it is. Hello. How are you? What? What? My Gods. When was this? Well, listen, just... I'm so sorry. If you just wait there, and I'll be around as soon as I can... No, please. You have to wait. You have to... You can't meet... You will wait there or I'll sue you for abandonment. Yeah, I will. Well, I don't know how long it's gonna take. Just wait. I'm coming. I'm coming right now. - Give my love to Sydney! - I will! Bye bye. That was a great shower. Oh, my Gods. That was amazing. Just gonna clean up a little bit here. Laura, no cleaning. No. This is the last bottle and you and I have to share it. You promised me you would finish all the champagne. Boy. We drank a lot. - Well, they did. - They did. What about me? Pregnant girls only get gifts. - Just a sip. - A sip? All right. - Just one little. - Little. Go ahead. Enough. My gosh. That was lovely, Laura. Thank you. Well, it's the least I can do for my little sister. I thought I was your little sister. Okay, you are my really little sister. Oh, boy. How about that woman with Mrs. Anderson? - Why did she bring those? - Who was she? I don't know. But, you know, there's always one. Frak me. He's early. Just a second! Coming! - Hi, I'm... - You must be... Lee. I'm sorry. I'm Kara. Come on in. That's very nice. You didn't have to do that. I'll take those. Put 'em in some water. Zak! Nice place. It's a rattrap, but the rent's cheap. No. It's... It's got real charm. And you're a terrible liar. We should play cards. - I hold my own. - I'm sure you do. You just get uglier every day. Hey, there he is. How are you? I see you've met my better half. This one's mine. Keep your hands off. And a girlfriend stealer for a brother. Nice! Never stole his girlfriend. - He's a really bad liar right here. - No, we figured that out already. Zak, get the drinks. - Dinner's almost ready. - Yes, sir. I don't know what to say. It was a mistake. Nothing in my contract about being stabbed with a steak knife. She been stealing while I've been sleeping. No one is stealing from you, dad, all right? Just shut up. You're in enough trouble already. I'm out of here. You're lucky I don't call the cops. Yes, we are, nurse Barbara. Thank you. Now listen. I'll pay you double. Triple. I thought I asked you to wait in the car. This be the new one you be banging? None of your business. Nurse, I've got 500 cubits. 1,000. 1,000 frakking cubits for you to stay the night! Please! I'll take all the knives away! He'll be on liquid diet forever. Just spend one frakking night! How about you, love? Bet you charge a lot more than that? Shut your filthy mouth. Stop being so disgusting. - This is your father, Gaius. - Not that you'd ever know it. - Gaius is ashamed of his family. - I need this. I need this like a frakking hole in the head. Stupid bastard actually changed his accent. - Would you believe that? - That is the third nurse in a row. The third nurse. Do you have any idea how much this is costing? How much it costs. That's all he cares about now. Not the way he was brought up, I can tell ya. But he don't like to think about that. No, he don't like to think about living on the farm - and doing a day's hard work. - All right. Enough! Shut up! Shut up right now! I won't stand here one moment longer and listen to your ridiculous working class hero rant. Look at you! Look at your shirt that I bought you. How you dribble and treat these things. I'll break it down for you, dad! You're an obnoxious, spiteful, cantankerous old git, and you're frakking lucky not living on the frakking street! Big man cursing his father. Makes you feel important, does it? - Gaius, maybe we should... - Maybe you should've stayed in the car, which is what I asked you to do. I'm going to have to ask you to leave now. I'm sure that the driver can see you to your home. I'm gonna spend the rest of this lovely evening with my dad. Good night. Good morning. I'm officer Stephanie and this is officer Shawn with the Caprica city police. Are you Laura Roslin? Yes, I am. We need to speak with you. May we come inside? Yes, please do. We're so sorry we have to inform you there's been a terrible accident. Late last night, your sisters and your father were all killed. We weren't able to verify the identity of the bodies until a few hours ago. The driver of the other vehicle is in stable condition. And preliminary tests indicate he was intoxicated when he sideswiped the car with your father and your sisters. Thank you. Please show yourselves out. We're sorry for your loss. I don't know what she's doing. There's only so much of Galactica to go around. You'd think we're retiring ten Battlestars. - Excuse me. - One second. Tell the captains they are padding their requests. - Send it back. - Sir, if you have a minute. Just one second. Specialist, what is it? I know this is not your problem, Sir, but they want us to tear the mag cellerators from the launch tubes. Well, the civilian ships can use them as auto-loaders. Sir, it's like we're tearing the old girl's heart out. A Battlestar's whole purpose is to launch Vipers. I kind of know how you feel. Part of my heart's here too. Tell you what... Make the cellerators the last thing your men take out. Then turn out the lights and let the old girl die in peace. Yes, sir. Well, after the blast, everyone else's numbers are down, which gives us solid majorities on over half the civilian ships in the fleet. I mean, no one else comes even close to having that kind of political power. Our time is here, Gaius. She's right, Gaius. The end times are approaching. Humanity's final chapter's about to be written and you... you will be its author. Gaius, did you hear me? This is it. This is it, Gaius. Are you... you thirsty before... What are you doing here? How did you get in here? - Should I... - What you should do is go up those stairs, turn left, go in the bedroom, and get ready. You are an intruder in my home. I think it would be a good idea if you left before inform the authorities. If that's the way you wanna play it, then... then I'm ringing the police. Police department, please. - I found your father a place to live. - Yes, I'd like to re... What? The Regency. Down by the wharf. Very tony address. Full-time care, social activities, medical staff. And the best part, they encourage residents to garden and grow their own food. Julius will be a farmer again. His things are being moved this very moment by the staff. They'll be set up in his new room exactly how he had them in the apartment. He loves it. Loves? Once I showed him around the facility. Your father's a very complicated man, Gaius, but there's a few simple things that make him very happy. The last time I saw him... he seemed happy. Sorry, sir. As I was saying, the old man intends to fly the last Viper off ship himself. Tell the deck gang to leave one launch tube intact, - set to remote pilot launch. - Yes, sir. You'll never make Admiral like that. They're all the same, Karl. No, they're different. You know they're different. How you felt about Boomer, that was different. That's why you did what you did. I did what I did because I'm a frakkin' idiot.</i> A 2,000-year-old idiot who cannot learn the simplest lesson.</i> Machines are not people. They're just machines. My wife, Athena, is a person. She's a blow-up doll, Karl. They all are.</i> Athena, Sharon, Boomer. Call 'em what you will. They're all the same.</i> They're all the same because we made them the same. Don't blame yourself, but you can't trust 'em.</i> You can't trust any of 'em. Dots. Lots and lots and lots of dots. - She's clearly very gifted. - She hasn't eaten in days. I think we should begin intravenous nutritional supplements to build up her strength before we begin testing. She wants her mother. She can't have her mother now, can she? Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot to sound all soppy and soft when speaking of the child. She is a child. A frightened one. She's a half human, half machine object of curiosity that holds the key to our continued existence somewhere in her genetic code. So let's get a tube in her and get her ready. Frak. You didn't hear that, all right? Let me help you. - These are... - Pilots from the memorial wall. We wanted to take them with us, so we wouldn't leave them with the others. - The others. - Lotta of photos still down there. Nobody knows who they are anymore. Probably friends and relatives of people on Galactica who died somewhere along the way. As you were. Bear it in mind? Well, when will you bear it in mind? You haven't even listened to my proposal. I'm not even saying it was necessarily be me. My people deserve a voice in the government. Now, I'm literally talking about the lives and well-being of thousands of people in the fleet. Is that what you were thinking about when you outted Starbuck's secret? The well-being of thousands of people? Or the political gain of Gaius Baltar... again? Is that what this is about? Does everything have to be reduced to your personal feelings about Kara Thrace? Listen to me, Mr. Adama. I'm asking to have a genuine conversation. Please. Five minutes. I'll be back in five minutes. Five minutes inside. And you think there's some kind of meaning in these musical notes. I don't know. I'm just groping mostly. Looking for patterns. Trying to see what comes to me. I thought that if I assigned numbers to the notes... I don't know. What Baltar said the other day, is it the truth? Yeah. I found my body and I burned it on Earth. I don't know what I am. I have to ask him a question. Do you know how to plug him in? Yeah. I know what you are. You're my daughter. Don't forget it. You're on pace to land in the hall of fame some day. But you still haven't won a championship and now the C-Bucs are in a rebuilding year. If you don't get to hoist the cup before you retire, will you consider your career to be incomplete? Well, right now, I'm just... focused on getting stronger and helping out the team any way I can. Look, you want to know the truth? I don't really care about the stats or the cup or the trophy or anything like that. In fact, even the games aren't that important to me. Not really. What matters to me is... the perfect throw, okay? Making the perfect catch. The perfect step and block. It's perfection. That's what it's about. It's about those moments when you... When you can feel the perfection of creation. The... the beauty of physics. The wonder of mathematics. You know, the... the elation of action and reaction. And that is the kind of perfection that I wanna be connected to. Spins and turns. Angles and curves. The shape of dreams half-remembered. Slip the surly bonds of Earth and touch the face of perfection. A perfect face. Perfect lace. Find a perfect world for the end of Kara Thrace. End of line. He says a lot of things. Go ahead. Ask your question. You ask him. Let's forget you're the son of the admiral. Shut the frak up. Get to the frakkin' point. You got five minutes. Speak. Galactica has been more than our guardian. She's literally a vessel into which we have poured all of our hopes and dreams. And when she's gone, when we can no longer derive the security from looking out a window and seeing her massive bulk gliding by, then this life will be over and a new life will have begun. A new life that requires a new way of thinking. Now, I am willing to do anything... anything I can to make this new life a good one. All I am asking is that my people have a voice in the government. I represent thousands of people. They deserve to be enfranchised just as much as anyone else. I'm not talking about myself. This is not for me personally. Come on, Lee. It makes sense. You know it's the right thing to do. What I know... Is that in all the years that I've known you, I've never seen you - make one truly selfless act. - Right. Never seen you do something that didn't on some level serve the greater needs of Gaius frakking Baltar. So, no, I won't take your hand. And I won't bring you or any representative from your movement into the government. Right. So that's what it boils down to. My people can't get representation because I personally haven't passed Lee Adama's selfless altruism test. I haven't been a goody-goody and won a badge of honor. I don't think you've passed Gaius Baltar's test. Go ahead, look me in the eye and tell me about the time that you made a truly heroic act of conscience which helped you not even in the slightest. Tell me! I'll even believe you. You're right. I wouldn't trust me either. Holy frak. I dare you. I double-dog dare you. Get out of here! Come on! Come on! Attaboy! Frak. Stupid frakkin' bird. Can I have your attention, please? I'm sure you're all aware that a child was abducted from this ship recently. I thought that a rescue mission was impractical. Well, I was wrong. He didn't say where he got the information but Starbuck was there, so I bet he talked to Anders. Yeah. I know. Pretty freaky. He thought a rescue mission was impractical because he didn't know where she was being held. But that's changed now, I guess, because he does know where she's being held. Knowing where the colony is is not nearly the same thing as being able to actually get her out. This is insane. You know that, right? Hera has some meaning that transcends the here and now. She's meant to fulfill a role just as we were. So we're going... the five of us. You're making decisions for all of us now. You'll go, Tory. Truth is, you never could be alone. Yeah, the mission is to be strictly volunteer only. Any man or woman over the age of 15. And the Admiral also wants any former colonial officer or crewmen incarcerated after the recent mutiny. Yeah. That's it. Everyone has to make their own choice and they have to do it in person. The old man is waiting on the hangar deck. Set in-port watch until you get back. Watch keepers report to the Admiral's quarters to declare yourselves in person. Move. - You know what you're gonna do? - Not exactly. Well, take your time. Takes approximately four minutes to get down there. It's really happening. We're going after her. Or what's left of her. Cavil's probably had her sliced and diced - and cut up into a thousand specimens. - Stop it. Just stop it. She's still alive. And she's till out there. And we're gonna get her. And everything's gonna be all right. It's not gonna be all right, Karl. You're wrong. You're wrong. I know it's been three months. I know that. I do too go out. I do. I do. No, I'm not joining Adar's presidential campaign. I don't care. Because I don't like politics to begin with and a national campaign is just so... Gods, you are relentless. I'll make you a deal. I'll go on the date if you'll stop bugging me about this campaign. How young is he? I know. I made a deal. What's Mr. Perfect's name? Sean. I like that name. Sean what? Sean Allison? Sounds familiar. All right. Bye. No one should feel obligated to join this mission in any way! This is a decision I have made for myself. If it turns out that there are not enough personnel to crew Galactica... I will lead a Raptor assault with anyone who is willing to join me. Let there be no illusions! This is likely to be a one-way trip. So don't volunteer out of sentiment or emotion. There is a line running down this deck. Volunteers, move to the starboard side! Everyone else, to the port. Make your choice. Doc. The fleet can't afford to lose a Doctor. Go on back, Sherman. And thank you. Like you got something better to do. Excuse me. Thank you. You didn't think you were gonna take off without me, Admiral, did you? Never crossed my mind, Madam President. Jump complete. Frak! - Plot us a way back out of here. - Right. You got it. Figures that a brain damaged Cylon would send us in an asteroid field.</i> The more things change, the more they stay the same. You got a recon mission where someone needs to hang their ass over the edge and wait for a bite, - send Racetrack and Skulls. - Well, beats sittin' in a cell. Long range dradis just picked something up. Holy frak, we're right on top of a singularity. A black hole? Where away? 738 carom 882. We're already sliding toward it. Spin up the FTL. We're getting out of here. Frak me. - What? - You're not gonna believe this. Based on the coordinates we got from Sam, we've determined that the Cylon Colony is located here. It's within our jump range, but there's a sizable catch. It's located within an accretion disk of a naked singularity. It's a strategically sound position. The Colony's bound within the gravity well of the black hole, - but maintains a stable orbit. - How do we get in there? Look at all the crap floating around in that current. There's no way to navigate that current. The tidal stresses are too strong. It would rip the ship apart before we got within ten SU. There is one safe jump spot. It's where they bring their baseships in and out. We got lucky. Two baseships jumped in and out while the Raptor was taking pictures. This right here is our only parking spot. That's right on top of the frakking thing. - Less than one click by our estimates. - One click? Point blank range. And you can bet that they will have every gun in that colony pointed at that parking spot of yours. That's what I'd do. Leave only one way in and out then make it impossible to get past the gates. All right.