- Thank you, sir. - How's your mother? Getting married. In the mountains north of here there's this little stream. The water's so clear, it's like looking through glass. l'm thinking of building a cabin. - <i>(Apollo) You and Cally have a fight?</i> - <i>We should have sold tickets.</i> To marriage - why we build bars. It's not too late for Baltar to just disappear. l can't do that. For all his crimes, he's one of us. So what happens next? We give him his trial. (buzzer) - <i>(man) Colonel Tigh to see you, Admiral.</i> - <i>(Adama)</i> Enter. - You're up early. - Couldn't sleep. So l thought l'd make myself useful. Happy anniversary, Bill. - <i>(baby cries)</i> - <i>(Cally)</i> Hey... Shh. It's OK. It's OK. l don't know. Here. Just double-check it for me. l think Daddy's getting good at this. Daddy's tired of burning his wrists. We gotta get ready. We got morning watch. - We were spending the day with Nicky. - But Laskin and Perry called in sick. - <i>(Nicky cries)</i> - It's OK. Shh. So you volunteered us in their place? We barely get any time off as it is. You know the deck is short-handed. The deck has been short-handed since we got here. Frakking daycare workers see more of Nicky than we do. Until the daycare workers figure out how to strip a Viper, this is the way it'll be. Hey, buddy. Come here. Oh. Oh. Oh, l know. l know, l know. You just laid down, too, didn't you? Come here. l got you. (sighs) Here you go. l'll take him to daycare. Come on, buddy. Come on. Hey! Forgetting something? - What's on duty schedule? - <i>(Tigh)</i> Nothing sexy. CO2 scrubber's out near sickbay. Broken water line in the galley. Oh, now that most of our Vipers are out of dry dock, Chiefs gonna have a look at the servos in airlock 12. Could you, please? - Is that it? - <i>(sighs)</i> Fleet's quiet. You can use some time for yourself. l can handle first watch. l'll be keeping my schedule. This is just another day. (Carolanne) Just another day? Maybe l should have married him instead of you. (Adama) l could have sold tickets to that. (Carolanne) We had some good times. (sighs) But more bad. But you keep bringing me back anyway. Just this one day. Year after year. Only thing l can't understand is why. - <i>(Adama)</i> Neither do I. - <i>(man)</i> Excuse me, sir. Put it on the table, uh, Private. (man) Jaffee, sir. - Would there be anything else, Admiral? - That will be all, Jaffee. - <i>(Carolanne) lt's going to be a long day.</i> - <i>(Adama) lt always is.</i> Morning, Chief. - Is Nicky OK? - Yeah, he's fine. The first time he didn't cry when l dropped him off at daycare. So, Figurski. You gonna at least pretend to do something today? Oh, frakking scrubber. It takes Adama two seconds to sign off on an order that'll take us all day. It'll take you all day, anyhow. Seelix. Cally. You're with me. Airlock 12. - Seelix, can you get the door? - Yep. - <i>(Cally)</i> This place is a mess. - The Cylons blew the hell out of it. Nobody's been down here since Damage Control plugged the holes. - Seelix, can you hear me there? - Yeah. See if you can find the electrical diagrams for the airlock. OK. Ooh, l did find somebody's year-old lunch. - He didn't even cry? - Cal, l told you. Nicky is fine. Anybody could've dragged a tool bag here. It didn't have to be me. Yeah, well, you know these gearing systems better than anybody. You want me to give you special treatment? How'd that look? l don't care! We try to pretend our lives are exactly like they were before we went to New Caprica. But it <i>is</i> different. We're married. We have a son. Yeah. It's just a little rough patch. (Cally) What if rough patches are all we have left? We swore we would raise Nicky ourselves. Well, we swore a lot of things. The Cylons didn't exactly cooperate. You wanna give me those wire cutters? (alarm) What the hell? (sighs) For frak's sake. Seelix, what are you doing? Open the door. (Seelix) l didn't do anything. Chief, l'm picking up a pressure differential in there. It's nothing drastic, but you guys are definitely losing air. It doesn't take much. Once the airflow sensors detect a big enough leak, all the inner doors drop automatically. It's just a safety precaution. - l feel safer already. - <i>Wait a second.</i> Are you saying that the hull's been breached? "Breach" is a bit dramatic but the air's going somewhere. One of these patches must have cracked when we came in. As soon as we plug it and restore the pressure, the door should open. Then we pull the work orders on whoever made these welds and kick their asses. Yeah, well, the most important thing is to keep breathing, so let's just find the leak. - Ah. - <i>(hissing)</i> This is it, right here. This one. Leeson takes first watch. Leeson takes first watch. Kinsey checks the roster. Kinsey checks the roster. Jaffee brings me coffee. Jaffee brings me coffee. Are you still doing that? The memory exercises? Do you really think they expect you to know all of their names? - You never change, do you? - <i>(laughs)</i> One of the joys of being long dead... l suppose. Now, hurry. You're going to be late meeting Laura. Maybe she's got a thing for bad boys. She wouldn't be the first. She's the president of the Twelve Colonies. Oh, l'm sorry. l'm sorry. Of course. Since you've created one godlike facade for yourself, why not invent another one for her? lt's another excuse to keep your distance. - Admiral. - Madam President. - How are you? - Very good. l'm sure this all could have been done over the wireless, but l was going stir-crazy on Colonial One and l had to get out. Deep-space pilots used to call it OBE. - What's OBE? - Overcome by events. And you're always welcome here. You know that. You may not feel that way after you finish this. Tory actually drew up an agenda. Baltar again. Hm. - Can't we give him back to the Cylons? - You know how much l love that idea. Unfortunately, given what little l was able to glean from the Caprica Six, l don't think the Cylons would take him back. Fine. Then try the son of a bitch and be done with it. We have to give him a trial, but under what law? Caprican, Picon, Tauron? Do we give him a jury trial? Do we set up a tribunal? We don't even have anything closely resembling a comprehensive law library and this fleet is not exactly brimming with legal talent. You bring lawyers into this, they're gonna drag you around for months. Wasn't your father an attorney on Caprica? Yes. l told you l didn't get along with him very well. Oh, right, OK. l'm ready to set up an organising committee, but frankly, trying to get a room full of legal scholars to stay on task is like herding cats, and so l need to set up a chairman of this committee. Somebody who can make a hard decision and won't get seduced by all the legalese. - Do you have a candidate? - In fact, l do. l was thinking Lee. Like grandfather, like grandson. What do you think? l'm not gonna say he's incapable of handling it, but he's never shown any type of interest in law. l know, but here's the thing. We can use the lawyers to parse the law but we need people who know the difference between right and wrong. - That's Lee. - l'll talk to him. Good. Also, Admiral? l was wondering if you'd mind if l stayed on your ship for the rest of the day. Please. By all means. This is very difficult for me to say, but l'm going to go to the gym. Prepare yourself. On its best days it smells like the inside of a shoe. (laughs) (alarm) See if there's another patch. l want to double up on this one, make sure it holds. - Come on, Cal. Faster is better. - l heard you the first time. Sir. Sir. Admiral. (laughter) (laughter stops) (Carolanne) You're better at ignoring all that. That sudden hush, those sidelong glances. That really used to get to you. l don't ever recall being able to intimidate you. That's right. But l knew you long before you were the admiral. Back when you were just Bill. The husband who wasn't there. The father who left. Just Bill. Who is Bill Adama, anyway? It's still a good question. l wonder if l'll get an answer. 49 days without a sighting. Maybe we finally scared the toasters off. Oh, yeah, Narcho. Your crap flying's put the fear of the gods in 'em. What's up, buddy? What's the matter with you? Sorry. l've got the weirdest rash. Really? Hope she was worth it, buddy. Ten-hut! (Apollo) At ease. Before we get started, l want a show of hands. How many of you boneheads know how to count? l keep hearing numbers thrown around the hangar deck. 47, then 48, now 49 days since our last enemy contact. Now, l realise that any higher math's probably beyond most of you, so l'm gonna make this real simple for you. One is the only number you need to remember. Because all it takes is for one pilot to let his guard down, one ECO to miss a DRADIS contact, and suddenly the Cylons are on top of us. That's when people die. (Adama) He's like both of us. Proud, stubborn and angry. But he's coming into his own, especially in the last few months. (Carolanne) Don't tell me. - Tell him. - He knows. Knows what? That the admiral's going to give him a good performance review? Or that his father loves him? Don't tell me the admiral's façade extends to Lee, too. (Apollo) Formation flying. Deflection shooting. Tactics. Doing touch-and-gos until every last one of you hits an OK-three. Red and blue sections will go first. Yellow and green will follow. Skids up in ten minutes. Dismissed. Starbuck, if you've got a problem, l don't want to hear about it. My only problem is that you didn't preach that sermon a week ago. Find some new material, though. The old man's been using that "one fatal mistake" line since we got here. If you're gonna steal, steal from the best. Sir. Pretty tough on them today. A kick in the butt is worth a thousand words. Gods know you kicked mine enough. - Everything OK? - Yeah, it's been one of those mornings. The president wants to fast-track Baltar's trial. She wants someone to take charge of the preliminaries, help cobble together the legal framework. She wants me to assign you. You're kidding. Interested? Uh, more surprised. Did she say why she asked for me? She's gonna need someone that she can trust. You definitely fit that. l remember when you were younger, you'd go visit your grandfather's house. You were fascinated with his papers and his law books. (laughs) And there was me thinking l was being sly, sneaking off into his office all by myself. l guess it's a pipe dream now, but for five minutes there l really did consider lawyer as one of a dozen careers that l could go into before l joined the service. Hm. l never knew that. Well, it was probably during one of my, um..."angry at Dad" phases. Anyway, it's impossible. Even if l wanted to help out, there's no way. CAG's duty's already 24-7, even on a light week. Yeah. l assumed that. (Narcho) Major? We're ready for you. Excuse me. (alarm continues) Yeah, well, one's gonna have to do. Seelix? Check the pressure. If that patch holds, we'll equalise in a few minutes and this door's gonna open. (hissing) Oh, my gods. (air escaping) - How are they doing? - Still alive. (woman on PA) This is a condition three alert. Hull breach on deck 14. Chief. Admiral. l seem to have turned this into a full-blown FUBAR. You'd be doing us a hell of a favour if you get those doors open. We gotta get them out of there. Keep moving. Keep moving. The airlock's designed to lock down if the pressure decreases. l know the system. We have redundancies, we have backups. The manual override is down. There is no way of getting those inner doors to open. - It must have taken heavy damage. - The whole ship's taken a pounding. We need six weeks just to hammer out the dings, let alone the structural damage. - How much time do they have? - They'll be out of air in half an hour. Those are blast doors. It would take at least an hour to cut through them. Why don't we put explosives in the observation booth? Blow the glass. No, the glass can withstand a tylium explosion. Anything strong enough to take out the glass will take out Tyrol and Cally too. l need a rescue plan, not excuses. - Seven seconds. - And another ten to repressurise, since we'll be doing this in open space. That's pushing it. All right. Has anyone ever tried a rescue like this before? - No one's ever been crazy enough. - We're out of time. Prep for launch. - We've only got 18 minutes left. - All right. Let's go. We're on. (Cally) Galen. (Adama) Airlock's still jammed, Chief. Overrides are not responding. l guess we're kind of running out of options. l'm gonna take you out through the front door. You'll put a ship out there and rig up some kind of docking collar? You'll be out of air in a few minutes. There's no time for a collar. Sir, if you're talking about an EVA we don't have pressure suits. We don't have a choice. Athena's gonna position her Raptor in front of the airlock, hatch open. We're gonna blow the bolts off that door and when it opens up, you're gonna have to jump for it. Now, listen to me, both of you. You can do this. People have been able to live up to a minute in exposure without a suit. - Admiral, l don't know. - <i>We'll talk later.</i> Get ready. (woman) Athena, you have priority clearance. All other traffic is waved away. (Cally) Wait. (sobs) - What about Nicky? - Admiral's right. We have to prep. l'll move everything away from here to the door. Galen, we both know what happens to kids in the fleet when their parents aren't there for them. Apollo and Dee. They'll take care of him. No. No pilots. He's not going through this twice. Sir? There's a civilian family. Mother's name is Susan Settler. She has a little girl. - If anything happens to us... - <i>l'll see to it.</i> l was being selfish. l wanted you with me, like old times. l didn't think about Nick. l'm sorry. Admiral's gonna get us out of here, OK? We're gonna take care of Nicky. More than a few seconds out there, we're talking severe exposure, decompression sickness, hypothermia - they could freeze to death. Make sure Cottle's got his hyperbaric chamber ready. (Cally) l'm sorry. Galactica, Apollo. Bringing Raptor into position at E mark 12. Put your mask on. Listen up. We don't have time to hang back until the airlock doors blow so we're liable to experience some turbulence, maybe some shrapnel hits. Athena, you're going to have to be ready to compensate. l'm on it, Major. l'll hold position until Chief and Cally are secured. Let's just get this done. Galactica, Apollo. Raptor door is open. We're standing by. Ready to execute. Chief, Cally. Raptor's in position. We've got to go now. Get ready to blow the hatch, on my mark. OK. No matter what, you hold onto me. And don't let go. OK. Three. Two. One. Do it. (Apollo) Whoa! Watch out! Big break! Big break! (alarm) - <i>(Starbuck)</i> We're in position. - Pull up your nose. Pull up! - <i>(Sharon)</i> l've got it! - <i>(Apollo)</i> Hold it right there. Galactica, Apollo. Raptor secured and pressurised. They are both safe. We've got to get them to sickbay right away. Come in. So, any word on Chief and Cally? They're alive, but Doc Cottle's still evaluating their condition. So, are you gonna tell me what's going on with you? It's this day. (Apollo) My gods, your wedding anniversary. l had totally forgotten. Probably seems foolish, especially the way that it all ended up, but... still... It still means something to me. We've never talked about it. The divorce. Your mother. It was a bad time for all of us. Your mother gave you and your brother a home. Stability. Dad, l know you want to believe that, but, um... You know what? Forget it. It was a long time ago. - <i>(sighs)</i> - You have something to say, just say it. (sighs) Dad, we had four walls. But stability? My gods, you know what Mom was like. l mean, the mood swings... It's why you left her. We had problems, but she cared deeply for you and your brother. Things changed after you left. l mean, there were times when she lost control. - <i>(Carolanne) Don't listen to him.</i> - <i>(Apollo) She would try and apologise.</i> She would promise that she would make things better. But then she would start drinking. And then all of her good intentions would go flying out the frakking window. - <i>(Adama)</i> Is that true? - l can't believe you'd even ask me that! Dammit. Is it true? (Apollo) Then one day the apologies even stopped. That's enough. You walked out on me! You walked out on me! The brilliant commander who could lead all of his men into combat but he couldn't find a way to live with his own family! We never lived anywhere for more than six months. Just following you around from one base to another, waiting for you to come home! But you weren't here for any of us! It was always whatever was easiest for the great Adama! They needed you. They were our children. They needed a father. All through your glorious career, you have prided yourself on being a leader of men, judging people, always making the hard call. But when it came to the biggest decision of your life... Oh, Bill, you blew it. We were wrong for each other from day one, but you just couldn't accept that. That's it. That's why you keep calling me back. Because if you had made that mistake... it would just call into question all of your other decisions. (Adama) She was still your mother, Lee. l loved her. (Apollo) l believe you. l just don't think she ever loved you. He's right over here. Hey. l dropped by daycare. Somebody wanted to see you. - Who's that? - Hey, little man. - How's she doing? - Doc Cottle says she'll be OK, but it's gonna be a while before she's 100°/ª. (groans) Oh, careful. - You all right? - Yeah, l'm fine. - <i>(Nicky cries)</i> - Oh, l know. - Come here. - Oh... l've got you. Oh, come here. You want to go see Mommy? Go see Mommy? Hey. Yeah. Let's go see Mommy. Come on. She's over here. Yeah. Cal. Cal. Sweetie? Look who's here. Look who's here. Seelix. l don't know how we will manage, but we'll find a balance, you and me. We will take care of Nick. OK? l love you. Look. There's Mommy's hand. There. There. - Hey. - Hey. How are you? Good. - So, what's this? - Oh, it was here when l got in. It's from your father. Is it ticking? He left you a note. Caprican Criminal Codes. These were my grandfather's law books. Your dad must have had these in storage all this time. Why is he giving them to you now? (Apollo) "For that day when we all have the time." (Roslin) l have something for you. This was given to me by one of the colonists down on New Caprica. l forgot about it and Tory found it in a pile of old clothes. - <i>Blood Runs at Midnight.</i> - Don't let that fool you. It's a pretty good mystery. l think you'll like it. And it's not a loan. It's a gift. Do you ever think about the times much on New Caprica? l try to think about the good times. Yes, l do. One in particular stands out in my mind. You were wearing a really bright red dress. Said you wanted to build a cabin. It was Baltar's ground-breaking ceremony. l got a little silly that night. Ever wonder what would've happened if the Cylons hadn't come back? Well, l think given Baltar and the terrain we couldn't have made a go of it. Do you think you would have stayed on <i>Galactica</i> or would you have settled? It's pretty hypothetical. Isn't it? It is, until it isn't. (laughs) - Did l just say that? - It's worth just seeing you laugh like that. We've been at war for so long, we forget what we're fighting for. To raise our kids in peace. Enjoy one another's company. - Live life as people again. - Like that night on New Caprica. That's really what we are talking about here now, isn't it? That, and other times. So if the Cylons hadn't come back? But they did. We have certain responsibilities. Yes, we do, sir. And, uh... l will be back in a few days, and if you'd like, we can talk more about that night. Bill? The answer is yes. l absolutely would have built the cabin. (Carolanne) Go ahead. Put it away, like you have after every anniversary. - Promise me you won't take it out again. - <i>(Adama)</i> It'd be easier to hate you. But that would be a lie, Carolanne. And there's been enough of that through our lives. We had something, didn't we? Yeah. We had something.