as an officer in the Colonial fleet. Congratulations, Lieutenant. We're talking about people blowing themselves up. l've got one job here, lady, and one job only. To disrupt the Cylons, make them worry about this ant hill they've stirred up here so they're distracted and out of position when the old man shows up in orbit. You know the mission. You also know there's only one way this mission ends, and that's with the successful rescue of our people off of New Caprica. Evacuate the facility. You should go as well, Gaius. There's a place for you too. Captain? Hi. Who's this? - This is... - Kacey! Oh, my little girl! When the Cylons took her, l thought... But you saved her! Gods bless you. A lot of good people had to pay the price for choices they made on New Caprica. Like my wife. That's right. Ellen collaborated. Gave the Cylons information on the Resistance, and she died for it. - There's still a question of my value. - There always will be. You're human. (Baltar) Good to see you. l far prefer these picturesque settings for our little interludes, don't you? l thought you'd abandoned me to your Cylon comrades. Would l do that? You've always been more unpredictable than your flesh-and-blood counterparts. A man that loves women as much as you should have learned that a long time ago. l'm a slow learner. Then take this period as a time to learn all you can about the Cylons. - You'll need it in the days ahead. - Something special on the horizon? - Cylon psychology's based on projection. - Projection? How they choose to see the world around them. The only difference is you choose to see me. What are you? Really? You're either connected to the woman l knew on Caprica, or a part of my subconscious struggling for self-expression. So which one is it? l'm an angel of God, sent here to help you. Just as l always have been. We're all part of one big ecosystem. Yes, l can feel it... breathing. Get used to it. - So, what'd he say? - l haven't asked him yet. Asked me about what? Earth. Uh... Wha? Earth. It's the thirteenth colony. Do you know how to find it? Not really, no. That's unfortunate. There was a hope - my hope - that if you knew the way to Earth, it would justify keeping you alive a little longer. Come on, Six. Wait. Wait! Wait! Now, when l say that l do not know exactly where Earth is, that is not to say l do not know a great deal about its probable location. Honestly, l spent hours... Days. Weeks! Months and months on a map that Adama and Roslin found on Kobol. l correlated that with our observations. l doubt anyone can make the same claim. We'll get back to you. What do you care about finding Earth? Because we're looking for it. You are? Yes, we've decided that Earth's going to be our new home. (Helo) Ship-to-ship training exercise is authorised. You may commence. - <i>This is Apollo. Red team set.</i> - <i>(Kat) Blue team set.</i> Red team, Apollo. As soon as we clear the moon, we'll be on their DRADIS. Keep your eyes up. They're gonna hit us with everything they got. Stay in formation, Starbuck. Narcho, you're my wing man. Blue team, Kat. Let's show these lazy fraks how it's done. Red team, Starbuck. l got Hotdog. (beeping) - <i>(beeping)</i> - l'm hit! Red team, Apollo. l'm going after Kat. - <i>(beeping)</i> - Got you! Whoo! You're gonna have to do better than that, Apollo. Come on! - <i>(Starbuck) l'll take care of Kat.</i> - <i>(Apollo) Starbuck, Narcho has Kat.</i> Inbound. (Kat) Starbuck, you're too close! Frak! Compressor blew. Looks like it severed the fuel line. Cally, check the tank. God, this is ugly. Tank's dry. There's not even fumes in here. - <i>(Chief)</i> Captain, how'd you land this? - l pointed it at the deck and stopped. Bone-dry, she says. Landed the bird without a drop of fuel. If you want to die, l will open up an airlock for you, but you are not taking my Vipers with you. The bird's on the deck. l'm on the deck. What are you bitching about? l don't give a frak what you do, Starbuck. You're done flying. (woman) l can't believe you did that to me. (Tigh) What? - <i>(woman) Don't look at me like that!</i> - Oh, my gods! Ellen? Ellen! Excuse me! Hey, make a hole! Excuse me. Ellen. (woman) l've told you a thousand times. - Ellen, l'm right here. - What is this? Let go of me. Kara! Kara! - Kacey? - Kara, Kara! l'm sorry, don't you remember me? l'm Julia Brynn. l'm Kacey's mom. - Yeah, l remember. - <i>(Kacey)</i> Give me a hug. We're staying in... Everyone's calling it Camp Oil Slick - part of the hangar deck. They've put up cots for refugees. - Yeah. Yeah, l heard. - Kacey's been asking to see you for days. l sent messages. l thought maybe you'd come for a visit. You seem like a nice person so l'm gonna be honest with you. The last thing l need is a two-year-old friend, and she doesn't need me in her life, so do us both a favour and do not bring her around here again, OK? Go to your mom, Kace. Sure. Sorry. Don't let us keep you up. Sorry, honey. We gotta go. (Helo) There it goes. That's it. See? See? l told you you could do it. You did great. Remind me never to let that happen again. You got it, slim. Ever! l've been trying to reassemble President Bal... Dr Baltar's work on piecing together the thirteenth tribe's path to Earth. What is it you trust about his research? How do you know it's not another lie? One thing l learned about Baltar was his extraordinary capacity for self-preservation. l think he wanted to find Earth because <i>he</i> wanted to get there. How far did he get with his research? As you can see, l'm still hacking through his notes, but it appears that he was trying to correlate our own astrometric readings with the map of constellations that we found back on Kobol and applying his findings to certain select passages - within the scroll of Pythia. - Why the scroll of Pythia? Pythia's supposed to have chronicled the journey of the thirteenth tribe to Earth. If l can draw your attention to this, "The caravan of the heavens was watched over by a great lion with a mighty blinking eye..." - "Red and blue." - <i>(Gaeta)</i> Exactly. Exactly what? We're looking for a lion's head? - With a mighty blinking eye. - Blinking! The scrolls, they speak in metaphors. l thought the doctor might be off his meds as well, sir, but then l found this note... here, where he had written "blinking equals pulsar". That means a star, right? Plural, actually. They're the rotating cores of dead stars. They emit a blast of radio waves. From a distance, they appear to... - Blink. - Right. The doctor found two in very close mutual orbit within this sector. The spectrographic readings l found show one will appear to be red and one will appear to be blue. Now, these pulsars appear to be in this nebula. We have never had a look at this area, but it is possible, with a couple of eyeballs out there, they might look at the nebula and see... A giant lion's head. Well, it looks like this is the best thing we've got going, so... Unless you object, Admiral, l suggest we go lion hunting. (Number Six) The navigational markers you gave us may prove useful. We sent a baseship out to investigate the pulsars and look for this lion's head. Look, this isn't easy for me. l don't think you fully appreciate just how difficult this is. l have very conflicted, very ambiguous feelings about helping you find Earth. Funny how all that ambivalence and conflict vanished once you thought your life hung in the balance. You should know there's still scepticism about whether you're being truthful. Uh... l'm very sorry. We didn't mean to intrude. Come on, Gaius. (Baltar) Are we going round in circles? It all looks the same to you. It'd be hard for any human to navigate here, especially without projecting. You've used that word before. l'm not sure what you're talking about. It helps you to... What, exactly? Have you ever daydreamed? Imagined you were somewhere else? l do have an active imagination. Well, we don't have to imagine, we project. We choose to see our environment in any form we wish, whenever we wish. For instance, now, you see us as standing in a hallway, but l see it as a forest. Filled with trees, birds, sunlight. Like the walks that you and l used to take. On Caprica. The aesthetic's what gives me pleasure, not the specific memories. Instead of blank walls, l surround myself with a vision of God's creation. Right, l think l understand projection, but it's a bit of a coincidence, isn't it? That l could see such a vivid reality that l've created and the Cylon projection experience seems so similar. Is it a coincidence? Well, what are you saying? There's a connection? What? Because of my experiences with you... Am l a Cylon? What was that? Oh, nothing. Just talking out loud. Silly me. Are you sure you want to go in second seat again? l hear you're a pretty fair pilot. Yeah, too many pilots, not enough birds. Anything to keep me flying at this point. If you want me, l'm yours, Boomer. Uh, no. Boomer was... She was someone else. Listen up! We need a call sign for Lieutenant Agathon. - Chrome Dome! - Titania. - Wind-up Toy. - Tin Can. - Microchick. - How about Athena? - Digital... - Wait, wait, wait. What was that? You know, the goddess of wisdom and war. Usually accompanied by the goddess of victory. - <i>(man)</i> She likes it. - Athena it is. (Kat) Hey, Colonel! Colonel, come have a seat. Over here. Enough of that to go around? Always. Dead Man's Chest - a cut-throat game. Not usually your style. It is now. And l'm in it to win. If you don't like it, find another game. There's some straight talk. Have you seen the line-up outside the head? 15 civilians standing in line, picking their noses, waiting to take a shower. - Frakking civilians think they run the ship. - Beats what we had - it was like a tomb. If you want to know what alone feels like, spend a few weeks in a Cylon holding cell. Yeah, it was a bitch on both sides. It wasn't easy coming up with a plan to save your sorry butts. Yeah, you guys had it rough, huh? Hot showers, three squares a day, Viper jocks didn't even take a shot till you jumped into orbit. - We all made sacrifices. - Is that so? Yes, that's right. While you were pinning wings on your Cylon girlfriend, our people were strapping home-made bombs to their chests, doing whatever they could to take the bastards out. So forgive me if l don't get all misty over your sacrifices. You seem distracted, Gaius. Do I? You can rest easy, at least for now. The data on Earth's location and your valiant rescue of the baby has gone a long way toward impressing the others. l used to think you and l would have a baby one day. There are 12 Cylon models. In the entire occupation on New Caprica, l saw seven. Now here, again, the same seven. - Who are the final five? - l can't talk about that. - Can't or won't? - l can't. It's complicated, but we don't talk about them. Ever. But you'd know one of them, wouldn't you? If they were to walk past here... Six, we have a problem. A baseship - the one we sent to investigate the pulsars and Lion nebula. We've lost contact. The trouble is we know almost nothing about the ship's status. We received a garbled distress call, then silence. Unsurprisingly, their hybrid sent us confusing data. Our hybrid is analysing it. - What are the hybrids he's talking about? - Be quiet, Gaius. (Number Eight) Our hybrid's deciphered part of the data we received. (Doral) This is impossible. (Simon) It may have been inevitable once we took human form. (Doral) We're not human. We're not like him. (Simon) God has chosen this time to test us. Whether we fail or pass the test is up to us. What's going on? The missing baseship. It's been infected with some kind of disease. - Disease? - Yes, it's killing them. All of them. If an infected Cylon dies and carries this into a resurrection ship, it could rapidly spread, potentially infecting our entire race. Make sure the resurrection ship is out of range then send in Centurions to... No. The data indicates that as soon as a hybrid was infected, the Centurions started shutting down. l assume our Raiders and baseships are also susceptible. Of course. We are all created from the same genetic pool. Then no Cylon can board that ship without risk of infection. Say you'll go aboard the infected baseship and investigate what happened. You sent them to that nebula, remember? Are you mad? You have to prove to them you can be counted on in an emergency. - Show them you're worth keeping alive. - What if l catch the disease? What are the chances that a human could catch something that infects a Centurion or a Raider? That is, if you're human. And if you're really a Cylon - one of the final five you haven't seen yet - then wouldn't you just rather get it over with and die? l'll go. What? Yes, l'll go. Look, l am a trained scientist. l can go to the baseship. l can make observations about their condition, bring back information about this disease. If we land, the disease killing the human Cylons could infect one of our Raiders. Then don't send a Raider. Surely the war's furbished you with some Colonial vessels. He's right. We could program one of our Raptors to approach on autopilot. - All right, then. Prepare to jump the ship. - Make sure the resurrection ship stays. A truly selfless act. l could use a refill here. (Hotdog) Here. Here's to knowing that somebody will always have your back. The sentiment's good, but, in my book, trust is an overrated commodity. Mm. That one, l'll drink to. - Frak you guys. - What is your problem, Katraine? My problem is you, Captain. All this us-against-them crap. - <i>(Starbuck)</i> Truth hurts. Give me another. - Why don't you take it out on the Cylons? - We busted our ass to get you back. - You think that means anything? Every Colonist that landed on New Caprica was loyal, to a point. It was amazing watching those people you thought you knew go over to the Cylons. - At least we knew where we stood. - Is that so? Then how come you are off flight duty and some Cylon lover is holding down my post? Don't kid yourselves. You're on your own in life, each and every one of us. Why don't you tell that to the pilots that died getting you off that rock? Gaeta's briefing Sharon and Racetrack on the mission to the pulsars. You mean Athena and Racetrack. - Word travels fast. - Yes, it does. l understand that morale's taken a hit on the flight deck. Nothing we can't handle, sir. l'm also told that Colonel Tigh is spending a lot of time down the pilots' rec room. Him and Starbuck. They've been holding court, second-guessing the rescue, bad-mouthing the crew that stayed up. If you weren't on the ground, it's like you can't be trusted. And people are listening? Their word carries a lot of weight. You're right. They're destroying morale and unit cohesion. - They both know better. - l don't think they care, sir. (woman) Two protons at each coupling site creates a force. The embryo becomes a fish that we don't enter. We're here to experience the evolving little toe. Atrophy. Don't ask how. l'll be dead in a thousand light years. Thank you. Genesis turns to its source. Reduction occurs stepwise so the essence is all one. End of line. FTL system check, functions within parameters repeats the harlequin. The agony, exquisite. The colours run the path of ashes. Neuronal network by the 52% of heat exchanger, cross-collateralised with matrix. Upper senses repair order. Relay to zero zero zero zero... - <i>(Baltar)</i> Is it aware of us? - <i>(Number Six)</i> She's aware of everything. (woman) New paragraph. Pancreatic fluid at one with the continuum of evolution. We're here to experience. Evolve the toe. Reduction occurs stepwise, so the essence is all one. Full stop. New paragraph. Do you have any idea what it's talking about? No. Most Cylons think the conscious mind of the hybrid has simply gone mad, and the vocalisations we hear are meaningless. But not everyone thinks that. The ones you know as Leoben believe that every word out of her mouth means something, that God literally speaks to us through her. (Baltar) She sort of controls the ship, does she? (Number Six) She is the baseship in a very real sense. Mind gone mad. She experiences life very differently than we do, Gaius. She swims in the heavens. Laughs at stars, breathes in cosmic dust. Maybe Leoben's right. Maybe she does see God. We're wasting time. Jump. (woman gasps for breath) There are bodies everywhere, others dying. What the hell is that? Definitely man-made. (woman gasps for breath) You're severely dehydrated. You must drink water. Kill me. There is no resurrection ship nearby. You will not be downloaded into a new body, you will just be gone. l saw how they died. Please. Please, l can't bear that. l'm here to bring help. All right? l'm just going to take some blood samples for analysis on the baseship, and then we will be able to make a treatment for the disease. You must breathe, please. Please, take some water. You're... you're from <i>Galactica.</i> No, l'm from a baseship. Tell me, do you know what this is? We found it floating at these coordinates. It must be some kind of... beacon or marker. It looks too old. It looks very old. Must have been left by the thirteenth tribe. Infected, poisoned, left by some humans like you to destroy us. A human device, filled with a pestilence. - You sent us to this place. - It wasn't me. - You knew we'd bring it aboard. - You don't know what you're saying. This is the disease speaking through you. Calm down. - l am going to bring help. - You knew it was here. - You wanted other baseships to follow. - l would never hurt you. You wanted the other baseships to know it was here. - Be quiet. - Suffer the same infection. - Be quiet! l'm going to bring help. - You want to destroy us all! You'll lie. - Shut up! - You'll lie to them. l know. It's your fault. Shut up! Be quiet. Shut up! Shut up. Shut up! (Doral) Gaius, do you hear us? Gaius, do you read? Do you read? Are any of them alive? What do you see? Speak to us. What do you see? Are any of them alive? This is Gaius Baltar. - l'm returning to the baseship. - <i>(Doral) What do you see?</i> l've seen nothing. Nothing of consequence. There's nothing left to do here. Nobody likes it, but we have to make a terrible choice. Do we attempt a rescue? Risk the lives of our fleet, even our species, or do we leave them? - There's no cure in science. - There has to be. Look at them. They're so afraid. Even the humans don't abandon their own. - <i>(Leoben)</i> They must be sacrificed. - <i>(Simon)</i> There is a question. Yes, there is. How did this happen? (Doral) It's Baltar. He led us there deliberately. He's been working with <i>Galactica</i> the whole time. It wasn't me. Whatever you think l did, l didn't do it, Honestly. Baltar, we followed your coordinates, found a disease with no treatment or cure. If we leave, they're doomed, never to return. Perhaps God would smile upon us for our mercy. Listen to you. You can barely even speak his name. We have to agree. We are not abandoning our brothers and sisters. (all speak at once) We have to leave them. We have to jump and leave them to their fate. There is no other way. (screams) (screams echo) Mists of dreams drip along the nascent echo and love no more. End of line. - The hybrid objects. - She doesn't get a vote. Jump the ship. Jump. This disease... it must have come from someplace. - So what did you notice on the ship? - <i>(Baltar)</i> Nothing. l am just as baffled as you are. You noticed nothing suspicious on the infected ship? (Baltar) Nothing whatsoever. (man) Admiral on deck. (Tigh) Admiral. Give me the room. Stay in your seats. (Tigh) Have a drink. Give me your side arm. What? Your side arm. (Tigh) Hey, there's a live round in that. Now one of you - l don't care who - pick that weapon up and shoot me. - Admiral, l don't know... - l didn't say to talk. You've done enough of that already. l said to pick up that weapon and shoot. What's the matter? No guts? You don't got a pair? - You're both frakking cowards. - Watch your mouth. Or what? You're going to turn the rest of my pilots against each other? Poison the crew? You've already done that, Saul. Both of you. Yeah, well, if you're looking for an apology, it isn't gonna happen. You were like a daughter to me once. No more. You're a malcontent and a cancer, and l won't have you on my ship. So you have a choice. You can figure out how to become a human being again and an officer, or you can find another place to live, off of this ship. You're dismissed. Are you gonna kick me out of my chair too? - l know you've been through a lot. - Don't patronise me. Say what you came here to say. You're full of bile, hatred, and l know that has something to do with Ellen. l'm sorry for that. If you need time, Saul, you take all the time you want. But l've got to run a ship. The last thing l need is a one-eyed drunk sitting down here, sowing discontent and disobedience. So l'll tell you once again, Saul, you can pick up that weapon and kill me, or you can get your ass back into your quarters and not leave till you're ready to act like the man that l've known for the past 30 years. That man doesn't exist any more, Bill. And you won't be seeing me again. Oh, my gods! It's right there. The Lion's Head nebula and the blinking eye! Holy crap! It's the road to Earth. (laughs) Oh, my gods! Let's get the frak out of here. l'll start the jump. When God's anger awakens, even the mighty shall fall. Frak, Athena, we need to get out of here! - Blah-ba-bloo-ba...