Her bones are rotten. There's something on the baseship that can help. It's this organic resin. It'll grow into the metal. Strengthens it as it matures. Oh, my Gods. It's Ellen Tigh. Nice to see you again. This is Boomer. Marines. Take this number Eight to the brig. If that's me lying there, then what am I? What am I? Reveille, reveille. Up all bunks and turn two.</i> Sweep down all compartments. Empty all trash cans.</i> Make a clean sweep fore and aft. Lay below to the master-at-arms office for muster,</i> all restricted personnel. Attention on deck. Have a seat. It's 0621. Sync with me in three, two, one. Hack 0621. Our mission is the same this week... as it was the week before that, and the week before that. We'll be flying Viper CAPs in conjunction with heavy Raider pickets from the baseship. Those of you who just came back from six-day planet hunts will get two days local duty before going out again. Remember, the first one who sights a habitable rock will get this fine oral hygiene product. It is the last tube of Tauran toothpaste in the universe. Gods know most of you need it. Our mission is the same this week as it was the week before that, and the week before that. Planet hunters, make sure to draw long duration provisions. If those clapped-out FTLs go down when you're out there, you're gonna get mighty hungry waiting for the SAR birds to find you. As you know, the mutiny has thinned our ranks. We cannot give all you Raptor jocks back-seaters. Savor this alone time, but do not whack too much. We need you to conserve your O². Learn to savor your alone time. Wank as little as possible. Conserve your O². Planet search assignments are on the duty board. Be advised the repairs to Galactica will continue to cause sporadic power outages. Six has the color assignments and your recognition signals. Engines start at 0710. Good hunting. So the stop-drilling and the shoring compound will buy the Galactica a few more jumps. But not many. - How many? - Impossible to say... until the hull caves in. But we're not ready to give up on the old girl just yet. Well, if there's nothing else, Sonja... I wanna congratulate you on your election. I look forward to seeing you taking your seat in the Quorum of ship's captains next week. Thank you, but you should know something. When we convene, I intend to formally request that the Eight you're holding in Galactica's brig... be returned to us. - Boomer? - Yes, Sharon Valerii. She put two holes in me. I'm afraid I didn't word that right. We don't want Boomer set free. We wanna try Boomer for treason. Sharon Valerii sided with Cavil in the Cylon civil war, which killed thousands of our comrades. And if she's convicted? Before the civil war, resurrection made capital punishment pointless. But now that we're all mortal... You want to kill her. BATTLESTAR GALACTICA Season 4 - Episode 17 Subtitles -=( Lords of Kobol )=- - There's a lot still going on in there. - Dr. Gerard said these readings are unprecedented and, frankly, bizarre. They haven't changed in weeks. And there is nothing to indicate that he's having any conscious thought. Well, maybe his brain is rebooting. Reorganizing as it heals. The last thing we need is you jerking our chains with a lotta quack ideas. Why don't you take them someplace else? What if we could link him to a datastream like our hybrids? His eyes were closed last time. Well, that's not unusual in a coma. Doesn't mean anything. You're gonna have to come to grips with that. And how am I supposed to do that? You need to get on with your life. If there's any change, you'll be the first one to know. Gods damn it. Do you have to continue to play the same lame-ass song? Give it a rest. I'm not playing the same lame-ass song. I'm composing it. Been at it for four days now. It's hell. So then quit. What's the point? The point? The point is to bring a little grace and beauty to an otherwise - ugly and brutal existence. - Gimme a frakking break. Is that what you were doing when the Cylons attacked the 12 colonies? Did your music stop one missile? Pretty cynical point of view. Something happened to you. Yeah. I wonder what it could be. Closing time. Drink up and let's go, folks. I have an observation for you. You wanna be an immortal composer, you better learn how to play that thing. You know, sometimes at work, I try to conjure up what your face looks like. Curve of your lips. Way your hair falls. How you smell. You see my face every day. Yeah, but not like this. - You know, what we had... - it was nothing. Nothing. You're a machine. I'm not. Well, whatever I am, I know how I felt. Software doesn't have feelings. How many of us ended up with the people we really wanted to be with? Got stuck with the best of limited options? And why? Because the ones we really wanted... that we really loved were dead, dying... I love you, Chief. Gods damn it. Come on, people, you can't draw your power from the same bus! - You said you had something for me. - Come in. I got something that'll cheer you up. Hey, Hera. Whatcha drawing, stars? Those are very good stars. Thank you. Recognize any of this? That's my stuff. - When we all thought you were dead... - The pilots auctioned it off, I know. Took me a while but I managed to buy, beg, and steal them back. That for me? Thank you. Thank you. What about the rest? Keep it. Thank God. I don't know why i'm here. You know, when I shot the old man, the things that you said to me... the way that you looked at me... I thought New Caprica was a way to set things right.</i> You can't force people to love you at the point of a gun.</i> I know that now. But at the time I felt betrayed. So I wanted to forget you... and hate you. Didn't work. I've thought about you every day since that moment I died in your arms.</i> Me too. If I had known back then what I am...</i> I know. Galen, it's okay, really. I mean, the most important thing is that we both know who we are now.</i> Let's make the most with the time that we have left.</i> Please? What the hell is this? Our house. On Picon. It's the one that we planned to build when we mustered out. Stop it. Stop this. I'm sorry, Galen. I thought you'd be okay with Cylon projection. The critic returns. I thought I'd see if you were making any progress. You tell me. It's longer. Lotta notes. - You hate it? - I didn't say that. You were savagely honest with me the other night. - Why be diplomatic now? - I'm not being diplomatic, you oversensitive jackass. I said I liked it. Really? Why? It's hard to put into words. Made me think of... someone chasing after a car. Not exactly what I was going for. I was trying to convey a sense of loss. That's... that's what I meant. It's like losing someone that you care about. Their car pulls away. You... You chase 'em. But they're going too fast. So that's it? We're just gonna sit on our hands? - Let our people kill her for vengeance? - What do you expect us to do? Issue a formal decree of clemency? We can't interfere. We can't set ourselves up as Gods. The rebels are the aggrieved parties. They have every right to determine Valerii's... - Can't! - ... punishement. Boomer saved your life. You wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for her. And I will testify to that at her trial, but I won't try to stop it. We have to let justice run its course. Then they will kill her. Sure as hell. We're all in hell. - Thanks for your input, Colonel. - He just lost his child. You leave him be. How long you been... Going there? A while. Became my secret retreat. A way of feeling close to you. Do you remember how we obsessed over every little detail?</i> That was... You... obsessing. I was just... Listening. Really? How many floor plans did you draw? That's... being thorough. We never had a chance to build it, so I built it in my head. And I wanted so much to share it with you.</i> Are you sure? I don't want to put you through any...</i> We've nailed the first movement. Now how about the second? It's okay, it's just the next hurdle. The key is to, you know, not panic. Just trust yourself something's gonna come. It's just part of the process. Is part of the process also stealing from other composers? That piece you're riffing off of, it's Nomion's 3rd Sonata, 2nd movement. I mean, it's what it sounded like anyway. No you're dead on the money. It's pronounced "no-mayan". Anyway, he's my touchstone. Whenever I come up dry, I look to him for inspiration. And for somebody who hates music so much, you know an awful lot about it. My dad used to play. So what's the story? He forced you to learn, and he was such a perfectionist, you grew to hate it? No, I loved it... actually. He used to sit me next to him on the bench when he played. Smell of tobacco on his breath. He taught me a few songs. I used to try so hard to get 'em right. Not because I was afraid he'd get angry, but because I knew he'd be so proud. There was this one song that he taught me. It made me feel happy and sad all at the same time. The best ones do. How is it possible that I found my body and I'm still here? I mean, what am I? A ghost? A demon? You're asking the wrong guy. I'm just a piano player. When I was leading the fleet to Earth, everything seemed so clear. For the first time in my life, I knew what I was doing and why I was here. Now I'm just adrift again. Listen, you may feel like hell. But sometimes lost is where you need to be. Just because you don't know your direction doesn't mean you don't have one. Madam President. I'm asking you as a personal favor to me, don't sign that. Don't do that, Chief. Personal feelings are what Sharon Valerii preys upon. You know that better than any of us. You need to clear your head. You don't have to kill her. Leave her in the brig. She is a danger in the brig, out of the brig. A danger to us, a danger to our Cylon allies. This can't be the last option, Madam, please. Madam President, please. We're done here, Chief. You're dismissed. Somebody check the fuse. What? - What, that was good. - It's crap. Maybe you need to take a break. Get yourself laid or something. That might dissipate the tension. That why she left you? That's a pretty deep groove on your finger. Had to have been there for a while. Too long. - She didn't leave me, I left her. - Why? She wanted me to quit playing the piano. You left her for that? I was playing steady gigs. Making decent money. Now that we had a kid, she said it wasn't enough. Said I had to get a real job. I told her I might as well cut my heart out. My Gods, you're just like my father. You start a family, the going gets tough, you ditch 'em. Did you ever stop thinking about yourself long enough to consider what you did to your kid? You got it. Thanks, Chief. Every time the godsdamn power goes out, we gotta go down and check the locks.</i> Prisoner's still secure. She slept right through it. You gonna stay a while? Word is they're shipping her out tomorrow. Said all I needed to say. So maybe what your old man did was wrong. But he still left you with something. He taught you how to play the piano. I never played after he left. What about that song? That song he taught you. The one that makes you happy and sad at the same time. Play that for me. I don't frakking remember it. And even if I did, I wouldn't. That son-of-a-bitch never came back. He never called. He never wrote. So you quit playing to punish him? Come on, play me a song. It won't hurt. Come on. I'll show you. It's easy. Come on. Don't make me hurt you. Here we go. That goes there. And that goes there. Go ahead. It's okay. - It's okay. - You play, please. I'll play. I'll play if you play. Great. I hope you're here to fix the frakking shower. Boomer. Athena. Helo. - I didn't think... - You didn't think I'd let you go on a six-day mission in deep space without a proper goodbye, did you? Next flight team's not suiting up for another 20. You smell good. I made a trade for some real soap. Taste as good as it smells? Something wrong? Cottle was right. I never should have insisted on seeing him. His eyes were open. I wasn't ready for that. Little guy was looking right at me. It's all right, I think... I think you almost had it. Something's missing. It's the left hand. I'll play down here. I think I know what you're doing. Now hang on. Holy crap. That's right. Play the bottom, okay? Come in when you think you're ready. Hey, baby. Hi. Guess what mommy brought you? Drink it all, yeah. Good, right? We forgot all about her physical today. Let me give you a hand with that. Easy, easy, Chief. Thanks. What the frak? That's the song. - Where'd you learn to play that song? - I played it as a kid. My father... What are you talking about? Who did this? Come with me. I can't do it without you. Yeah, you can. We'll meet again. There's something I want you to remember. All the things that I said... about us. I meant them with all my heart. So no matter what happens... He fired before he acquired the target, gave away his position, that was the end of him. So don't let this happen to you. During this exercise, we could have 6 or 8 ships hitting the merge where the fight starts. So keep your head on a swivel, especially in the vertical. Oh, my Gods, Athena. In the locker room. It was Boomer. Did she get Hera? Six, get a med team here right frakking now. K-ro, get on the horn to CIC and let 'em know Boomer's loose. She's got my frakking kid! LSO, Athena, what's the delay with my flight clearance? Please hold, Raptor 719. We're still waiting for traffic to clear your flight path.</i> Stand by for instructions. Come on. She's not buying it, sir. She initiated prestart. Boomer, this is Galactica actual. Return to checkers red and shut down.</i> Copy. Hoshi. Vector the CAP to intercept. Blue leader, Galactica. Immediate. Proceed directly to Galactica. Engage Raptor two-one-niner. Weapons free. Blue flight, rolling in hot. If you launch, Boomer, I will shoot you down. I don't think you wanna do that while I have Hera on board. We can't let her get off this ship. Retract the flight pods. Sir, she's spooling to jump. If she jumps inside the ship, the spatial disruption could tear Galactica's guts out. Retract the flight pods. Retract flight pods. I say again, retract flight pods. Don't do it. Don't do it, don't do it! Frak! Hera. I need a team, scaffolding, shoring compound to the forward magazine right away! One Eight looks like another. How did a three-year old girl get by you, though?</i> - The hell's going on up there? - Boomer took her kid. What? She took Hera and just walked out of the daycare. How do you let a three-year old girl climb into a Raptor?</i> How did she get by you? I'm sorry, sir, but nobody saw your daughter.</i> That's impossible! Somebody saw her!</i> She's a three-year old child. Explain to me how she gets by...</i> Had to be orchestrated from the beginning. My escape, all of it. I was just a means to get Boomer here. Cavil wanted Hera. Boomer got her for him. How can a three-year old girl spontaneously write down that song? She's plugged into something