It's time for a change. I've had some feelers from the government. I think I could make a valuable contribution there. I'm giving you a ship. Now go find a way to Earth. There are five other Cylons, brother. I saw them. Yes, we know. That's why we've decided to box your entire line. The telencephalic inhibitor that restricts higher functions in the Centurions? - We had them removed. - Say what?! Welcome back, brother. - What happened? - You were shot, but you're with us now. Shot by who? By our own Centurions. That's pure insanity. The Sixes have lost their minds. They have no idea of the threat that they've unleashed. I need to get to my ship. It's not your ship anymore. The Sixes and their acolytes used their new pets to engage in a little ethnic cleansing. The fleet's split right down the middle. So much for my swing vote. That'll teach me not to trust in democracy. They can't possibly need you every single hour, every single day. Can't you just tell someone to fill in for you? Who, Cally? Who's gonna fill in for me? I don't know! Anyone can frakkin' turn a wrench down there. There's not... I'm the chief of the frak... I've had enough of this. Yes! Dualla, it's me again. No, I know, I'm sorry. Can you please just check? I used to know who I was. Galen Tyrol. Crew chief, husband, father. I look in the mirror nowadays, I don't even know what I am. Are you and Cally getting along? You know, I never really liked ambrosia before. But now... It's like I'm being flooded with new sensations and new feelings. Maybe you are too. In some ways, I don't hate this. Feeling new. Feeling open to things. To change. I don't do well with change. Galen, you son of a... Cally, come here. Just give her some room. - Let go of me! Let go! - Just listen to me for a second. Cally, listen to me. BATTLESTAR GALACTICA Season 4 - Episode 3 Subtitles - =( Team Lords of Kobol )= - Transcript - =( swsub.com )= - Thanks, insults, critics... - =( www.seriestele.net )= - - =( Team Lords of Kobol )= - The nausea should go away in about an hour. Love and Bullets, by Nick Talo. Chapter one. "It started like it always did. "With a body. "This one was in the river. "I could tell she had once been beautiful. "But this a bullet and fast current had taken away from her. "All we are, all that we think we are, "all that we are certain about is taken away from us. "When you've worked the streets and seen what I've seen, "you become more and more convinced of it every day. "Caprica City had been my teacher, my mistress. "From the moment I open my eyes, "she's in my blood, like cheap wine... "bitter and sweet, "tinged with regret. "I'll never be free of her, "nor do I want to be. "For she is what I am. "All that is... "should always be." I am grateful and consistently inspired by the compassionate and forthright leadership of President Roslin. By the wisdom of my father, whom some of you may know. And by the support and advice of my valued friends. Some of whom, you may be shocked to hear, are not Capricans. And so I am honored to accept this appointment to the Quorum in the hope that I can continue Delegate Cowan's courageous work on behalf of the people of Caprica and the fleet. Thank you. Madam President, by confirming Mr. Adama's nomination, does it mean you don't have any hard feelings about his role in the Baltar trial? Thank you very much. Mr. Adama took on a cause he felt was important. And I fully trust he will continue to bring the same passion and clear-mindedness in representing his constituents. - Yes? - What about the Demetrius? The sewage recycling freighter that jumped away three weeks ago. I will ask Admiral Adama to answer that question. The Demetrius is on a military mission. What about the rumor that Kara Thrace was put in charge of that mission? I don't comment on rumors. I'm gonna have to cut this short. I will see you all very soon at the Quorum Q&A. Thank you very much. Frankly, I'm surprised it took them this long to come after us about the Demetrius. Any luck and it'll blow over. It's not going to blow over. I'm gonna be covering for you for a long time on this. I wanted to give Kara a chance. I wanted to give myself a chance to believe in her. Apparently. You wanted to see me, Sir? I've made a decision. Caps and recon runs. Okay, anyone want to remind me what we're supposed to be looking for? Didn't you get the commander's memo? It's a unique astronomic cluster. A system with a ringed gas giant, trinary star, and a comet. Astronomic cluster. Sounds more like a cluster frak. That's enough of that crap. Sorry, Sir, but you gotta admit it's starting to feel like we're flying around in circles. What's the latest, Felix? She's reversing course, returning to sector seven. That is the tenth course correction. Did she give a reason this time? A reason? Let's just say I think she's steering with her gut. Frak me. I'm telling you guys, this thing is a setup anyway. You think that the old man just gave her the ship and then cut her loose? I guarantee you Galactica's dogging our every move, and they're waiting to jump in as soon as she shows her true colors. You don't know what you're talking about. - You gonna tell me what I know, rook? - Yeah, maybe. I said to can it! All of you! Helo, I need to talk to you. Now! Who wants odds on a course correction then? Kara, hey, listen. Some of us have been wondering about this trinary star formation we're supposed to be looking for. Is there anything else you can tell us about it? Any new data? Anything at all? You know everything you need to know, ensign. So stow the questions and do your job. Yes, Sir. - What's up, Captain? - Helo, I have new jump coordinates. Double check the data file and the FTL drive. Got it? Cally, I told you last night and I'm telling you again right now. I am not having an affair. I went out for a drink. I ran into Tory. We started talking. Look, I know how it looks, but it's completely innocent. There's nothing to it. You'll have to drop Nicky off. I have a doctor's appointment. Can you tell them not to feed him any of that algae mash? I think he's allergic. Just remember about the algae. No, I'm sorry. Daddy's sorry. Hey, come here. I'm sorry. I see you're still cleaning up your mess. Oh, I hardly think this qualifies as our mess. Well, I guess that explains why none of you are lending a helping hand. Really, Six, if you had wanted some room to spread out, you could've just asked. Is there anything that isn't fodder for a joke with you? Or is that really how you see our very existence? As some sort of nihilistic punch line? Nihilistic punch line? I like that. But quite honestly, I'm feeling... very serious. Getting riddled with bullets affects me that way. But I want you all to know that I place the blame for all of this squarely on myself. Go on. Well, you had legitimate concerns, but I refused to hear them. But now I'm listening. So tell me, what's to be done to stop all this and let us get back together? Well, for starters, you can stop lobotomizing the Raiders. Done. And you can agree to unbox the D'Annas. Resurrect her entire line? Don't forget, Six, it was D'Anna's messianic quest for secrets better left alone that started us down this divisive path in the first place. You talk about restoring our unity. Well, we think it's time to restore our greater unity. To unite the 12 models once and for all. Well, I don't think the others will accept this, but... I'll make your case. Escort him off the ship. Please. It's a good thing you remembered the magic word. You're going to find you opened a bigger can of worms than you realize. Inspiring, isn't it? A government of the people, for the people, and answerable to the people. At least that's the idea. - I heard you tried to see her. - I had some bills I wanted to discuss. Projects delegate Cowan was pushing before she died. - But they told me she wasn't in. - She was, just not for you. By standing up for Baltar, you crossed the line with her. And Laura Roslin is not the type to forgive and forget. She forgave you. She made you vice President. To keep me on the sidelines. Same way she'll try to sideline you. Well, then... I'm intrigued. Why did you... nominate me in the first place? Because you did stand up for Baltar. And you put Roslin on the stand to do it. You weren't afraid to ask some hard questions and to demand some honest answers. Well, if you're looking for a repeat performance, you're out of luck. I didn't take this job to help you undermine the President. I'm not asking you to. Believe it or not, I'm on Laura's side. Okay, then what's the problem? It's amazing the things you start to notice when you're on the sidelines, how every decision that Laura and your father make gets stamped "classified". Or how her directives are starting to read like decrees, yet still get enacted without so much as a debate. You know, she won't even allow records to be kept of any of her meetings. Secrecy and control are becoming obsessions for her. I think this Demetrius business is just the tip of the iceberg. Well, sometimes a benevolent tyrant's exactly what you need. No. A tyrant craves power for its own sake. And all Laura wants is to save us all. Trust me. Better yet, trust yourself. Because that's what I'm really counting on. That you're not the kind of man who can ignore the truth... when it stares you in the face. What if you gave me a sedative and I just slept here? Oh, sure. We'll just turn my sickbay in an opium den so you can have a little snooze. Feels like I haven't had a night's sleep since... we reached that frakkin' nebula. How are things on the home front? You mean other than catching my husband with another woman and having him tell me I'm imagining things? The man doesn't know what he's got at home. Should have his head examined. As a matter of fact, why don't you bring him in? I'll take a look. See, that's what I like about you, Doc. You just pretend to be a bastard. While you're in the mood for tough love, maybe you are imagining things. You know, fatigue and antidepressants can make a hell of a paranoia cocktail. I felt like I need to take something to keep from going completely crazy. You're not crazy. What would you call someone who all but proposes to a man after he breaks her jaw? That the last time he laid hands on you? You want to hear something really sick? Sometimes I wish he would. Lay hands on me. At least then I'd... I'd know he had some feelings about me. Listen, just get some sleep and clear your head. Will do, Doc. Thank you. Kara, what the hell's the matter with you? 'Cause the way you're holing up in here, you're making people wonder. Let 'em. Frankly, they're starting to bug me as much as I bug them. Frak 'em. You know, some of us actually volunteered for this mission. Some meaning you? Is that what this is about, Sam? You want to know what the deal is with us? With our marriage? Well, it didn't make much sense to begin with. Makes even less now. Give me that. I don't buy that. I don't think you believe a single frakkin' word you're saying. You're just scared. You see that? You see this? You remember those? Do you remember when we got 'em? That's what's real. That's part of who we are. That is a part of who you are, whether you want to admit it or not. You dumb motherfrakker. I only married you because it was safe and it was easy, Sam. And you were just pathetic enough to go along with it. So get the frak out. I said get out. Get out! I don't want to fight, Sam. I want to frak. You don't get it, do you? I'm not the same girl you married. All I want to do right now is frak. Really frak, like it's the end of the world and nothing else matters. So come on, Sam. Make me feel something. I dare you. We were married, weren't we? I mean, that wasn't just like a fantasy. Hell, no. And I got the scars to prove it. Does that seem different to you somehow? Different how? Not sure. It's like everything seems so far away. The way things feel. The way they taste. Like I'm watching myself, but I'm not really experiencing it, not... ... living it. Like my body's just this alien thing that I'm still attached to. Does that seem crazy to you? Frankly, we were as surprised as you are. We presented your case. There was some debate. And we were outvoted. Our compatriots now seem to agree that it was wrong to box the D'Annas. It sounds like your own opinion hasn't changed. I promised that we'd do some hard thinking. But in the end, we decided that our choices were correct. Unfortunately, restoring unity was all the others seemed to care about. It's hard to have unity when you're so opposed to everything we believe in. Look, he kept his word. You won the day. Do you think you have the right to win our hearts and minds? No, you're being presumptuous. - Don't compare us to... - They're right. If they've agreed to our terms,  there's no point in courting any more discord. Any more discord and we may run out of spare bodies. The Three's core consciousness is being downloaded at our central resurrection hub. The nearest accessible server is a half dozen jumps from here. We can go together and hear what your newfound heroine has to say. If you don't mind, we'd prefer to stay on our own ships. By all means. I'd doubt that the rest of us would feel comfortable here anyway. The chair recognizes the delegate from Sagittaron. Would the President care to comment on the news stories crediting so-called military sources that claim the Demetrius is searching for new food sources? Or, Madame President, would you rather that we just simply accept this obvious attempt at disinformation? Order, please. I'm afraid I don't control the media, Jacob, as much as you know I'd love to. Regarding the reports, the Demetrius mission is a matter of fleet security, and as such I can't and won't discuss it, period. Madame President, I have to say that my constituency is not satisfied... Do you realize this casts doubt on something as fundamental as our route to Earth? Yes, but don't take my "yes" to imply that the rumors are true. - Madame President! - Jacob, Aaron, everyone, please. I can not believe that the Demetrius is the only matter that is important to your constituents. Can we please move on? You know my answer to this. You can tell your free trade deal good-bye. You can kiss my ass. Order, please. Order! Madame President, I'm sure we can all understand the importance for the need for security. Coming from the military, it's my experience that we sometimes err too strongly on the side of caution. So, for the sake of reassuring my colleagues and hopefully putting this matter to rest, would it not be fair to say that you and Admiral Adama are naturally exploring all possible routes to Earth? Hear, hear. Now we're getting focus. That's exactly what we need. Mr. Adama, we are all anxious to receive the benefit of your experience. But, I personally don't feel the need to have a junior delegate appoint himself my spokesman. Let's move on. Jacob, you had a matter on the table. Would you please continue? Thank you, Madame President. My constituents - are having problems obtaining... - Point of order. Now, I have prepared a report that I think we... - Point of order, mister Vice President. - Excuse me. Hello? Order, please! Order, please! Thank you very, very much. Mr. Cantrell, - will you yield the floor? - I will yield. Thank you. This relates to your executive order 112. 112. Which establishes a system of tribunals. The judges are chosen by you. Answerable only to a special court of appeals, the judges of which would also be chosen by you. Effectively it creates a justice system that further and dangerously concentrates power into the hands of the executive. Namely, into your hands, Madame President. Far from being independent or impartial, it would actually damage the very idea of justice. Even the illusion of the idea of justice. Thank you, Mr. Adama. And the order you're referring to, executive order 112, is actually a work in progress, and the changes it proposes are provisional. It is a first step, a tiny step, but the first step in a... in a larger plan, actually, to create a fair and comprehensive legal system, which you of all people can admit we sorely need. Now naturally I was going to bring it to the Quorum to open it up for debate once it was finished, which it isn't. But since you've brought it into the public today, I propose that we put it on the dock for the next full session. Is that satisfactory to you, Mr. Adama? The resurrection ship didn't make the jump. - Problem with their FTL? - No report. Now Cavil's baseships are breaking formation, taking positions around our periphery. They're going to attack. Alert the others! We need to jump now. - They've taken out our FTL! - No resurrection ship. They're trying to kill us. Just remember... They started it. But we're killing them. We're truly killing them. My own sisters. They can trust their God to watch over their immortal souls. And what about ours? We're machines, dear, remember? We don't have souls. Now I've heard everything. Anders and Gaius frakkin' Baltar. - ... Cylon nymphomaniac. - Don't worry, Colonel.</i> - You're not my type. - And one more thing.</i> From now on we only meet in private after that scene you two pulled in Joe's bar the other night, we can't risk any more attention. - Fine, great. We done, can we go? - Why are you so antsy? I told Cally I'd check on her. Well, didn't you do that when you got my note? What note? The note I left in the drop in your quarters about this meeting. Tory found me. Did you... Frak me. - If Cally finds the note then... - You better hope she doesn't. And you better put an end to this affair business. Whatever it takes to stop her from nosing around. Last thing we need is for your Cylon-hating wife to find out there's a bunch of skinjobs running around this ship and that her husband is one of them. I'm tired of looking at your sorry faces. Frak! Frak! How you doing? Fine. You feeling okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Sure? Yeah, actually, I am. Thought I was coming down with something, so I slept in. - Did you go see Cottle? - No, I'm feeling better. Good. Look, I know it's been a rough couple of weeks. I know what you're thinking. It's not true. It isn't? No. I'm not having an affair. I figured it out. I know what's important. You're important. Nicky's important. We're important. Us. That's really what it's all about, isn't it? A family, a future. Building that future together. I promise you from now on I will be here for us. The three of us. Maybe the four of us. You know, maybe someday we'll have another baby. What do you think? Another baby? A brother, a sister for little Nick? Would you like a little brother or sister? Cally! Stay the frak away from me! I know what you are! I know what all of you are. How could you? We don't even know what we are. I heard you. You're Cylons! - A bunch of frakkin'skinjobs. - I wish it were that simple. I told you to stay away from me. I guess you better hope there's a spare body waiting for you. You want to kill me? Go ahead. Don't do this to yourself or to your child. - To Nicky. - Get the frak away! You're not getting your hands on my son! Not you or not Galen! - He frakkin' used me! - He didn't know. None of us did. We didn't find out until we entered that nebula. Just shut the frak up, triggered! All we know is that we're Cylons. But in every other way, - we're still the same people. - You're frakkin' machines! I don't know. But I do know that we're not evil. We're not inhuman. And we're just as scared and confused as you are. I can't live like this! It's a frakkin' nightmare. You don't want to do this, Cally. He's your son. What have I done? I'm so sorry. It's okay... It's gonna be okay. Let's just get out of here. It's okay. We'll work this out together. It's okay.