l'm looking forward to spending time with you. We have lots to talk about. It'll be fun. Congratulations, Commander. The <i>Pegasus</i> is your command. (Skulls) Hey, l am picking up a large planetary body. It's habitable. We may have just found a world that can support human life. l know in my gut that settling on this planet means disaster for humanity and l will not say otherwise to win an election. l take the office of President of the Twelve Colonies of Kobol. l will sign my first executive order, requiring to immediately establish settlements on the planet we have come to know as New Caprica. If you want to move down there, go ahead. Go down and cat around with all the men. Saul, l want you. (Cally) At last, a safe haven we can call home. Oh, my gods. It's a Cylon fleet. They found us. - <i>(Apollo) We have to get out.</i> - We can't leave all those people. There's nothing we can do. We're in no shape for a fight. - <i>(Adama) They'll be wiped out.</i> - <i>(Apollo) We have no choice.</i> We need to get out of here right now! (Adama) Begin jump prep. We're leaving. But we'll be back. The Cylons just jumped into orbit. The fleet's jumped away. They've left us. On behalf of the people of the Twelve Colonies... l surrender. l'm looking for Kara Thrace. (distant screaming) (door unlocks/opens) (clears throat) Do you know... that every time they take you out of this cell, we come in here and we change those little hash marks on your little calendar you're trying to hide? (laughs) Potatoes, gravy. Even some carrots. Heavenly Father, we thank you for the bounty of this table. - <i>(Ellen)</i> Yes. Yes. - <i>(Cavil groans)</i> (Ellen) Come on. Don't stop. Come on. Come on. You son of a bitch! Son of a bitch! (Cavil) Oh! Argh! Aaaargh! (sighs) Oh! <i>(laughs)</i> Oh, boy. (grunts/laughs) (Chief) All right, we're armed. They're inbound. Let's move! l need a knife. Thank you. You're welcome. l must say, l quite enjoyed that. (grunts) l'm so glad. And, uh... when do l get what l want? l believe that's happening right now. We reviewed your case today... and l must say there was great disappointment on the review committee. (clears throat) Come on. We gotta get you processed. It'll take an hour or so. Bureaucracy must be served. But if you're lucky, you'll get home by dinnertime. Colonel. Come on. l'm not gonna hold this door open forever. (PA) Attention, New Capricans. Effective now, potable water will be given to residents of even-numbered lots on even-numbered days, and odd- numbered lots on odd-numbered days. Rationing will continue... Saul! Oh! Gods. Gods. - What did they do to you? - It's OK. l'm out. That's all that matters. Let's get out of here. - OK. - <i>(grunts in pain)</i> OK. Ready? Now! Oh, for frak's sakes. Come on. Come on! Is that thing gonna work or what? Whoo! - It worked that time. - Come on. Go, go! Frakking insurgents. You look... so lovely tonight. l'll see you soon... Kara. Take your time. 134th day of the Cylon occupation of New Caprica. Today is Mars Day. Somehow it seems appropriate to honour the god of war on a day when it feels like perpetual war is the only realistic prospect for us. We've had no contact with "Galactica" since it left four months ago. But l refuse to believe that Adama has abandoned us. Our insurgency has been striking back against the Cylons whenever and wherever possible. Although at times these attacks seem like futile gestures, l believe that they are critical to morale, to maintaining some measure of hope. But in order for the insurgency to have a more meaningful impact, we need to strike a high-profile target. It is simply not enough to kill Cylons, because they don't die. They resurrect themselves and they continue to walk among us. It is horrifying. The Cylon Occupation Authority continues to exert complete control over the city and we remain at their mercy. The Colonial government, under President Gaius Baltar, functions in name only. Let's review why we're here, shall we? We're supposed to bring the word of "God" to the people, right? To save humanity from damnation by bringing the love of "God" to these poor benighted people. We're here because most of the Cylon felt the slaughter of mankind was a mistake. We're here to find a new way to live in peace, as God wants us to live. And it's been a fun ride so far. But l want to clarify our objectives. If we're bringing the word of God, then we should employ any means necessary to do so. Any means. Yes. Fear is a key article of faith as l understand it. So perhaps it's time to instil a little more fear into the people's hearts and minds. Let's, uh... Let's execute Baltar. What? What? - That's not gonna happen. - Just because he's your favourite toy shouldn't interfere with the larger issues. - l think that l have cooperated... - Gaius is with me. Anyone who wants to challenge that will have to deal with me. If we'd killed him at the beginning, it might've worked. Now most humans think of him as a traitor and would cheer his death. (Cavil) Fine, fine. We don't kill Baltar. We round up the leaders of the insurgency and execute them - publicly. We round up, at random, groups off the street and we execute them - publicly. (Cavil #2) Send a message that the gloves are off. The insurgency stops now or else we start reducing the human population to a more manageable size. - l don't know - say, less than a thousand. - We need to stop being butchers. The entire point of coming here was to start a new way of life, to push past the conflict that separated us from humans for so long. And what has it gotten us? It's not like they welcomed us with... with... Oh, frak it, never mind. You're all living in a fantasy world. Consider the irony in that! <i>(laughs)</i> Delusional machines. What's the universe gonna come up with next? Is it really worth it, Caprica? Is the love of that man really worth possibly losing all of this? If you ever experienced love, you wouldn't have to ask. In recent months, the Cylons have been recruiting and training humans in an attempt to establish a human police force. It is hard to think of anything more despicable than humans doing the dirty work of the Cylons. Led to believe they were merely taking the civilian security out of the hands of the Cylons, the members of the human police have since become an extension of the Cylons' corporeal authority. And while their names are kept confidential, there's no question some of them are people we might least expect. Hundreds of us have been rounded up by the Cylons, held in detention, questioned, tortured. Others have simply vanished. In recent weeks, we've been gaining access to some very important documents from a source within Baltar's administration. No one knows who this mysterious benefactor is, but he communicates with the insurgents by means of a secret signal. We pray daily for the men and women who risk their lives to fight the Cylons. They have everything to lose and such little hope of something to gain. Hey, Jake. There we go. Shh. Looks like Mommy's gonna get some sleep tonight after all. You know, sometimes l hate everything about this place. But sometimes it's... it's magic. l gotta go. l'll be back in a couple of hours. One of these days you're just not gonna come back, are you? You'll just vanish and that'll be it. We'll never see you again. And Nick will never know his father. A couple of hours. Promise. Uh... good to see you, Colonel. It's good to be seen. Yeah. l know you're wondering, so l'll save you the trouble. The eye's gone. Ripped it right out onto the floor, picked it up and showed it to me. It looked like a hard-boiled egg. Big boom today. - l hope that was you two. - Oh, yeah. A heavy Raider, too. Good men. What's our next target? l got these today. They're security plans for the graduation ceremony at the New Caprica Police Academy. These are out of the Ministry files. Where are you getting this stuff? l have no idea. The source won't tell me what their name is. It's probably safer. We've been getting stuff like this for weeks. Humans working for the Cylons. Makes you want to puke. All the top Occupation brass is gonna be at the graduation, even... President Baltar. - Gaius Baltar? - Yes, sir. l think we can get a shot at him. But it'll be tough avoiding human casualties. Don't avoid 'em! Send a message - you work with the Cylons, you're a target. No boundaries for the Cylons, no boundaries for us! Anything we can do to nail that son of a bitch Gaius Baltar is worth doing. (grunts with effort) Where are we on the wireless? (Chief) Nowhere. Every day we try and contact the Raptor, and every day the Cylons jam the transmission. l've asked the inside source which of the jamming frequencies are the weakest, - but so far l got nothing. - <i>(Anders)</i> You guys are dreaming. There's no Raptor there, OK? There hasn't been one for the past four months, either. Galactica's not coming back. They're not. Accept it. You watch your frakkin' mouth. There's a Raptor there every day, listening for our wireless call. It's out there because that was the plan if anything happened. And it's out there because the old man isn't just gonna leave us to the Cylons. The old man left me to the Cylons, Colonel. And if it wasn't for my wife being a royal pain in the ass and refusing to let it go, l would be dead a year now. Any word on Kara? Nothing... in four months. (rattling) (door opens) (Leoben) Hi, honey. l'm home. You kill me. l download. l come back. We start over. Five times now. l'm trying to help you, Kara. l only want you to see the truth of your life. The reason you suffered and struggled so long. That's why God sent me to you. That's why God wants us to be together. You're right. You're right. And l hear you. l do. So thank you. Thank you for putting up with me. - l'm so sorry. - Put it down, Kara. Just put it down. - l'm a patient man. - You're not a man. And l'm willing to wait. You just need more time. l don't need more frakkin' time. It's never gonna happen. Of course it's gonna happen. You're gonna hold me in your arms, embrace me. You're gonna tell me that you love me. l've seen it. You're insane. To know the face of God is to know madness. l'm going to bed. Be nice if you joined me. Either way... you'll be spending the night with me. l do love you, Kara Thrace. Good night. Let me out! Let me out of here! l don't belong here! Let me out! Let me out! (pilot) Racetrack, adjust your centreline 20°. - <i>(pilot #2) Snowbird Three, in formation.</i> - <i>(Racetrack) OK, let's nail this exercise.</i> (Helo) Regroup into deployment formation and proceed to position one. Snowbird One to Snowbirds, drop point in eight seconds. OK, let's get this deployment bang on. The admiral's watching every move. Roger, Kat. We go on your command. Bomb bay doors open. All Vipers break now, now, now! Deploy drones on my mark. Three, two, one, mark! Frak me! Snowbird Four, what the hell happened? (Kat) Can the chatter, Snowbirds. This is the CAG. Abort manoeuvre. l say again, decoy squadron abort manoeuvre. (pilot #3) Roger that, leader. "Galactica", Kat. It is a mess out here. We got decoy drones heading every which way. Request instructions. Roger that, Kat. You're approaching bingo fuel anyway. Bring your birds back home. Belay that. - Strike my last. Stand by. - Launch the tanker bird. Let them practise refuelling before they recover the drones, then run the exercise one more time. Yes, sir. 16 times now, sir. The next one will be 17, won't it? Yes, sir. Launch the tanker. All units, recover drones and prepare to run training mission again. - <i>We're launching the tanker.</i> - Tanker? Once you've tanked up, return to position Alpha and prepare for training run 17. What the frak are they doing over there? This is the commander. Get the admiral on the line. Considering how long our pilots have been in the air, - l suggest we scrub the training exercise. - If we can't do this in training, how the hell are we supposed to do it with Cylon Raiders on our asses? Tell me! l don't know how we're supposed to do any of this crap at half strength! (Kat) We've had a collision! - <i>(Apollo) Give me your status, Kat.</i> - <i>(Kat) Bingo, Wally, speak to me!</i> (pilot) l'm losing flight control! We got red lights across the board! l'm in a wild spin! - <i>l'm losing hydraulics.</i> - <i>"Galactica", Kat.</i> Emergency. Requesting priority landing for two bent birds. - Pull 'em in. - Yes, sir. Roger that. Kat, bring your birds back. This whole thing is frakking insane. We got two ships at half strength, crews that haven't seen action in a year, and you're acting like the only problem is they're not working hard enough? Have you taken a look at yourself in the mirror lately? You're weak, soft. - Mentally and physically. - This isn't about me. You've had four months to get your act together. And so far all you've been able to frakkin' do is whine about how hard it is. Well, guess what. It's gonna get a lot harder, do you understand me? Now, l want you to turn around and get your fat ass outta here. Get your men ready, or l'll find someone who can. Dismissed! (man) Stay with him. Good shot, Anders. l don't like this one, Colonel. l think we're the ones crossing the line here. It's the only way it'll work. The kid has access and clearance. We gotta be square. You can't back out once you start. l'm not backing out. It's wrong, Colonel. You know that, don't you? He's a soldier. It's not the first time we've sent a soldier on a one-way mission. (Chief sighs) This is different. This is our best chance to take out Gaius Baltar. It may be the only one. We're gonna take it. Ever since they killed Nora... l got nothing to live for. (man) All right, Duck! You look me in the eye and you tell me that you are committed to this. l'm committed. May the gods be with you. Some things you just don't do, Colonel, not even in war. Well, maybe you'll feel different when you're sitting in detention. Duck volunteered. He's going. It's a hard thing to say, but it seems like l don't know who my son is any more. The same goes for the crew, the ship. l feel pretty much alone. Except maybe for you. l wish l could go back a year and tell that Admiral Adama about this. A year's a long time. Can l ask you something very personal? Do you feel guilty about leaving the people behind on New Caprica? l don't do guilt. You know, a year ago, when you put me in this cell, l was at a crossroads. l sat in here for weeks, just consumed with rage at all the things that had happened to me. Then at some point l realised it was all just guilt. l was angry at myself for the choices l had made. Betraying my people. Losing the baby. So, l had a choice. l could either move forward or stay in the past. But the only way to move forward... was to forgive myself. l don't think we can survive... l don't think the fleet or <i>Galactica</i> or the people on New Caprica can survive unless the man at the top finds a way to forgive himself. Two pilots almost get killed because they've been in the cockpit for 11 hours, and he wants to bust <i>my</i> balls. "You're soft." Can you believe that? What? Oh, you agree, is that it? Forget it. l'm not looking for a fight. Oh, no, no, no, no. Don't do that. You got something to say, come out and say it. He's right. You are soft. l'm not talking about the weight. You've lost your edge, your confidence. You lost your war, Lee. And the truth is, you're a soldier who needs a war. You don't want to hear it because you think that your father's the soldier, and you sure don't want to be like him. But you are like him. You're more like him than you know. That's one of the reasons l married you. OK, it's working. l think. Is it working or isn't it? They keep jamming us. So much for our source on the inside. Ten minutes left. And lots of nothing on the wireless as usual. Watch for Raiders. The last listening bird almost got popped by a pair yesterday. l've almost got it. - <i>(high-pitched beeping)</i> - Ow, frak! Turn that thing down! It's working. It's working. Time's up. Spin up the FTL and get ready to go. Hold on. l'm picking something up. It's a Colonial transmission. It's a low power signal, but the codes match. Oh, yeah, we got a link to the ground. Send the coded response, spin up the drive, and let's get back to <i>Galactica.</i> l've got a signal. A Raptor just made contact with us. (Tigh) What's it say? "Will make contact this frequency every 12 hours." "Prepare sitrep for command authority. Have hope. We're coming for you." (Racetrack) We made contact! l say again, we made contact with the ground. Colonel Tigh has formed an insurgent group and they're waiting for instructions on how to coordinate the rescue effort. It's gonna be OK. It's really gonna be OK. The surveillance pictures taken by the insurgents. l think we can match names to about 50 of these photos, but our best guess puts the total police force at around 200. 200? l wouldn't have believed 20 people would turn against their own kind. l want those names. l want the rest of the names. That's tough. The Cylons are afraid the population will go after any human - who joins the New Caprica Police. - As well they should. l know l haven't lived a model life. l made a lot of mistakes. l'm gonna need your protection today. - <i>(knock)</i> Mr President? - <i>(Number Six)</i> Morning, Gaeta. It's time for the graduation ceremony. Ah, yes. The ceremony. About the ceremony - there's been a change of plan. l won't be going. Security concern. Don't look so worried. There'll be other graduations. Right. OK. l'll just... let the staff know. We should call off the strike. There's no reason to do it if the <i>Galactica's</i> coming back. Pass up a golden opportunity to kill Gaius Baltar? - Other than that, l fail to see the point. - Think with your head. The only chance they have of getting us off this rock is if the Cylons are too distracted battling a full-blown uprising when they get here. If your source on the inside says Baltar's not gonna be there, abort. Otherwise, stick with the plan. (PA)... poor diet, hormonal imbalances or neurological disorders. Many have found relief at the New Caprica Medical Centre, where a crack team of physicians... Hey, Duck. (man) Fall in! Good morning... and welcome to all graduates. You are the hope. You are the dream of a new tomorrow for humans and Cylon alike, and l salute you for the risks that you have taken for just showing up today. Today you begin a new career, and a new life as provisional police officers. And, looking out across this room, l see that the significance of this new path is not lost on you. Congratulations. It's good to have you with us. Congratulations, Sergeant. Congratulations, Captain. It's great to have you with us. l'll see you soon, Nora.