This is the Battlestar Pegasus to the ship claiming to be the Galactica. Please respond. TlGH: Pegasus? How can that be? The entire fleet was destroyed. Adm. Cain. On behalf of the officers and the crew of the Pegasus, welcome back to the Colonial Fleet. The Cylon fleet is composed of two base ships, about a dozen or so support ships and one large vessel that we are still unable to identify. It's this large ship here that I'm interested in. I'm going to integrate the crews. I thought you said you had no desire to interfere with my command. I'm Laird, Pegasus Deck Chief. You're an aeronautical engineer? Yeah, I was. So you're really a civilian? I was on the Scylla and we got picked up by the Pegasus. Things happen. How much time do I have? Weeks, a month at the outside. Will I be able to work? Unless the cancer goes to your brain. If that happens, you... CAlN: We have our own Cylon prisoner. NO. 6: She's obviously been abused. Tortured. Will you help her, Gaius? You really want to get close, you got to use the stealth ship we constructed aboard Galactica. APOLLO: Carbon composite? It's gonna be hard as hell to see on dradis. Starbuck, you're off this mission. A surveillance package? Go get the Blackbird, take some pretty pictures of our Cylon ship. Who the hell's this Thorne? GAGE: Lt. Thorne, sir. Your little robot girl is in for quite a ride. TYROL: Get off her! ...either of you frakking move! Don't move! They've been found guilty on all counts. She's going to execute them both for murder and treason. Galactica is launching Vipers and a Raptor. Why are you launching Vipers? I'm getting my men. Launch the alert Vipers. KAT: Galactica, Kat. I've got inbound Pegasus Vipers coming right at me. Request instructions. We've gotta let 'em defend themselves. We should turn our main batteries on Pegasus. (CLlCKlNG) (ALARM BLARlNG) KAT: Galactica, Kat. Request weapons free. We need your help. DUALLA: Kat, Galactica. Do not fire unless fired upon. I repeat, do not fire unless fired upon. Galactica, Kat. They're really frakking with us out here! HOTDOG: Galactica, Hotdog. One of them just pulled into my kill slot. HOTDOG: Got him in range. Locking on. Galactica, standing by... (GRUNTlNG) PlLOT 1: Hotdog, watch yourself, he's right behind you! HOTDOG: Evasive action, come on! Frakking frakkers! Okay. You're gonna have to break your course now. HOSHl: Narcho, Pegasus. Do not fire first. HOSHl: Stinger, Pegasus. You are ordered to relieve Capt. Adama of duty and aid in the attack mission on Galactica. STlNGER: Your weapon, Captain. You're relieved. HOSHl: Rock Star, this is Pegasus. What's your call position? PlLOT 2:...around your wing. Come around, come around! Permission to go aft. Granted. KAT: This one attempted to shoot at me. He's right on top of me! HOSHl: Break away! Break away! You're too close! Come on, break. Frak me! They're all over us! Galactica, request weapons free. KAT: They're coming around for another pass. Repeat, request weapons free! Come on, Starbuck. Tell me you're out there somewhere. (WHlSPERlNG) What the hell is... (BEEPlNG) STARBUCK: Starbuck here. What the hell is going on? HOTDOG: Warning! Watch your back! GAETA: Dradis contact! A single bogey and it's nearly on top of us! Identify. No transponders, no recognition codes, it has to be a Cylon Raider, sir. Admiral, sir, she's gotta be a Raider. Well, how the frak did it get in so close without being detected? I don't know, sir. I assure you it came out of nowhere. PlLOT 3: Pegasus, request vertical cross. Right. PlLOT 4: They're just everywhere, Captain. They're coming up close! Recall the Vipers, bring the ship about and prepare to engage the enemy. HOSHl: All Pegasus Vipers, all Pegasus Vipers, emergency recall. There's a Cylon Raider right on top of you. DUALLA: Attention, all Galactica Vipers, you got a Cylon Raider coming right at you. There you are, you bastard. On my lead! Break right, full power, X-axis climb! Starbuck to all Vipers, do not fire. Repeat, do not fire. I'm a friendly, okay? We're all friendlies, so let's just be friendly. That's no Raider, that's that stealth ship of yours. It was flying and it wasn't cleared to launch. You got me. I'm just a passenger back here. Galactica, Kat. It's the Blackbird, Galactica. KAT: Repeat, it's the Blackbird. What the hell is the Blackbird doing out there? HOTDOG: All pilots hold fire. It's Starbuck. She launched in the Blackbird a couple hours ago, said she was running flight tests for Adm. Cain. That doesn't sound likely. Another one of her crazy-assed stunts. Thank the gods! You can say that again. Get me Pegasus. This is Pegasus Actual, go ahead. We can either stand-down or we could start shooting at each other. It's your call. Admiral. Wait one. We're receiving a download, Admiral. That is the Cylon fleet. Are these from our recon mission? No, sir. The recon mission was aborted. These are from Blackbird. Thrace. She took off and did the whole recon mission alone. My gods, look at these shots, Jack. She put her nose right up their backsides, and they never even knew it. Admiral, I still have Commander Adama on the line, and our fighters are still requesting instructions. Should they resume the attack? All right. Joint recall. Both ships stand-down to Condition Two. Then I want you to report to me directly. In person. I have no intention of cooling my heels in your brig. Fine. Neutral ground. Colonial One, no aides. Be there in 15 minutes. Stand-down, Condition Two. There you are. ROSLlN: Let's start this by admitting an ugly truth. What happened out there today was the result of failure in leadership of everyone in this room. We are the leaders of this fleet. As such, we need to set an example. We cannot continue to let the conflicts between us... Oh, let's cut through the hand-holding, shall we? Two of his men murdered one of my officers while protecting a Cylon. They're guilty. They admitted it. And under regulations I have complete authority to try, convict and sentence them. And you and I both know that the penalty for that crime is death. Admiral, surely the spirit of the law requires something more here than summary executions. Is this what the two of you have been doing for the past six months? Debating the finer points of Colonial law? Well, guess what? We're at war. And we don't have the luxury of academic debate over these issues. You want to cut through it, fine. You have Pegasus, he has Galactica. Two heavily armed, very powerful warships. Now, I am sure that Pegasus would prevail in any fight. I wouldn't count on that. ROSLlN: But certainly there'd be heavy damage, and you'd take significant casualties. So you can go out there and fight it out with Galactica, or you can compromise. And those are the only two options on the table, period. How the two of you have survived this long, I will never know. All right. Lt. Thrace has sent me detailed recon information on the Cylon fleet. I want that fleet. And I need Galactica to get it. So I'm willing to go this far. I'll suspend the executions until after the attack. I want them back on Galactica. I don't give a damn what you want. You're frakking lucky you're not staring at your own warrant. The destruction of the Cylon fleet will take priority over all other considerations. After that, we will meet back here and we will resolve this issue. Thank you. Stand at ease, Lieutenant, and come forward. It seems you've had quite a day. I'm promoting you to Captain. I'm making you Commander of the Pegasus Air Group. You're promoting me? I need a CAG with guts and initiative to plan and lead the attack on this fleet. Now, I thought Stinger was that man, but he managed to let Capt. Adama contact you and pull off that fly-by stunt right under his nose, so he's out. And Capt. Adama, sir? Truth be told, I came this close to throwing him in the brig, but I couldn't exactly charge him and not you, so I've just revoked his flight status. I want him on my team, sir. And do you always get what you want? Most of the time, sir. Good. Me, too. All right, you can have him. I hear you want to return to Caprica. Yes, sir. We have people back there still alive. Yes, and they deserve to be saved. I absolutely agree. In fact, I will go one step further and I will say that our ultimate goal is that we should return to the 12 Colonies and kick the Cylons the frak out of our homes. What do you think of that, Captain? I think that's the best idea I've heard all day, sir. I'm afraid this can only end one way. You've gotta kill her. What the hell are you talking about? Like she said, let's cut through it. The two of you were willing to go to war today. Do you think she's going to step down from that? She's gonna bide her time and hit you the first chance she gets. That's a given. I hate to lay this on you, Bill, but she is dangerous, and the only thing that you can do is to hit her before she hits you. I'm not an assassin. No. You're not an assassin. You are a Colonial officer who has taken an oath to protect this fleet. What do you think that she is going to do with the civilian fleet once she has eliminated you? You know I'm right. You just don't wanna face it. Has the whole world gone mad? COTTLE: Your fluid and electrolyte levels are stable. I think the baby's gonna be fine. You do have a cracked rib, though, a hairline fracture, which means it's gonna hurt like hell for a while. But I'm not seeing any signs of permanent damage from the attack. The attack. Is that what we're calling it now? They were not from the Galactica. They were from the Pegasus. So what? What about Helo and the Chief? I heard a rumor they're gonna be executed. I'm not gonna let that happen. Well, how're you gonna do that? Isn't Adm. Cain in command? What happened to you... COTTLE: Was unforgivable. ...happened aboard my ship, on my watch, and it's my responsibility. So I just want you to know that I personally apologize. See that she's okay, then back into her cell. Aren't we supposed to be dead? Admiral said execution in an hour. It's been at least two. Hey, I'm not complaining. COMPUTER: ID confirmed. (DOOR OPENlNG) So, just how many different kinds of stupid are you? More than we can count. What's going on, Captain? Good news, you're not dead yet. Bad news, it's a delay, not a pardon. There's a big op coming up, and the firing squad's on hold till it's over. Yeah, the old man went to the mat for you guys on this one, and then some. We were this close to a shooting war with the Pegasus. Frak me. What the hell's going on? I thought the Cylons were the enemy. Yeah. Now it's us. What's wrong, Gaius? Nothing. Nothing. I suppose I just Iost interest. In me? No, not in you. In... In this. In this place. I suppose I just don't really miss it anymore. You know what I miss? Sports. You're joking. No. I used to go to the pyramid court just before game time. Scalp two tickets. If I timed it right, I'd just be sitting down at the horn. Sit back. Let the energy of the crowd flow over me. Waves and waves of emotion. Like electric current. Why did you get two tickets? One for me and one for you. I knew I'd never get you to go. Pyramid was far too lowbrow for you. But... I always liked to feel that you were there with me. (DOOR OPENlNG) COMPUTER: ID confirmed. Well, I see that you got it to eat. That's progress, I suppose. Can you get it to roll over, beg? (SCOFFlNG) See what it can make of these. You know, this thing used to sit in our mess and eat our food and listen to our stories. Didn't you? You just sat there, Iistening to us, pretending to be our friend. Didn't you? Admiral, please! Any physical contact with the subject will only help to set my efforts back at this point. Find out about that ship. (SCREAMlNG) I want to die. Will you help me do that? Will you kill me, please? (GlNA SOBBlNG) I'm just still getting up to speed on the way you do things around here, but I'm reasonably sure that we can have all the birds in the air for the attack thing, sure. I mean, yes, sir. Thank you, Chief. MAN 1: Hey! Hey! (CRASHlNG) MAN 2: I got it, I got it. MAN 1: Give me a hand. Cally. Laird's not military, is he? No, sir. He was a civilian aeronautical engineer on a ship called the Scylla. Civilian? Do you know how he got on the Pegasus? Scuttlebutt is that the Pegasus used to have a civilian fleet, but something happened to them. Thank you. Laird's ship was the Scylla. The Scylla was a civilian transport. We found her and a few other civies about a week after the attack. They were good ships. FTL drives and weapons, even. A lot of potential spare parts that we could use on Pegasus. So the Admiral made a decision. Military needs are a priority. You stripped them. You stripped the ships for parts. Sweet mother of Artemis. How much equipment did you take? You take their jump drives? Left all those people marooned out there? No, not all. Adm. Cain looked over the passenger list and she made a decision about who was valuable and who wasn't. Scylla was the toughest. Laird and 15 other men and women. They were all... All traveling with their families, wives, husbands, children. The selectees refused to go. There was resistance. So, the order came down to shoot the family of anyone who refused to come. So we did. Two families. We put them up against the bulkhead and we shot them. The CAG's work is never done. Hi. How're you doing? Oh, you mean apart from being demoted, finding myself working for one of my pilots? Great. Never better. You know I had nothing to do with that, right? Never thought you did. I just checked in on Helo and Tyrol. They're hanging tight for now. Good. Help me plan this op. I've been staring at this roster... Do you want to just carry on as if nothing's happened? Lee, she's in command. What do you wanna do? There's nothing we can do. I thought you might like a fresh set of clothes. Were you aware of your true nature as a Cylon when you boarded the ship or would you describe yourself as a sleeper agent? I knew what I was. I was a soldier. I had a mission, I carried it out. I thought that when it was done, I was going to die. That you would kill me. Then l... Then I would download into a new body. Be reborn. But you didn't kill me. The things you did to me... What they did to you was wrong, evil. But I'm not one of them. You have to believe me. Things are going to get better for you from this moment on. I promise. I don't want things to get better. I want to die. But you know you can't die. You do know that, don't you? Your consciousness will merely transfer, and you'll wake up in another body. Not if you destroy that. What, this? This ship? Tell me, what's so important about this ship? The Cylons call this their Resurrection ship. At the moment, we are too far away from the Cylon home world for the normal downloading process to work. Which is why they built this ship. It contains the entire apparatus necessary for Cylon resurrection. Now, this ship has been traveling with the fleet, trailing Galactica for the last several months. So it's a safety net. A place where they fall back to when they die. And if they lose their safety net... Then any Cylon who dies out here... Would be dead. As in, really dead. And I dare say they won't like that. No, sir. They might even stop chasing us. Why risk getting killed if you can't just wake up all nice and cozy in a brand-new body? Doctor, I think you've just identified the most important ship in the galaxy. I have good days and bad days, but don't look so worried, I'm not dying today. I wasn't worried. What can I do for you? You were right about Cain. Pegasus had a civilian fleet with her. Fifteen ships. Cain stripped them for parts, supplies, people. I wish I could say I was surprised, but it's who she is. She's playing for keeps. You gotta do the same. What's gotten into you? What? You've become so bloody-minded. I know that as long as Cain lives, your survival is at risk. I know that. (COUGHlNG) What can I get you? A new body. Perhaps one of those young Cylon models from the Resurrection ship? I can't see you as a blonde. You'd be surprised. I'll see you tomorrow? Mmm-hmm. Commander, she won't hesitate to kill you. Don't let her. You know, when we get out of here, I'm gonna make some changes. Yeah? Like what? Me and Sharon. It's done. I mean, really done. I can't do it anymore. I mean, don't get me wrong. LT, what we did, I would do again in a heartbeat. I gotta let it go. I so thought I'd let go. Yeah, I know what you mean. You? Yeah, me. What, you think I don't have second thoughts sometimes? You think I don't wonder if I'm losing my frakking mind? I'm in love with a woman I know isn't a woman. I'm having a baby that's... That's what, half machine? You really do love her, don't you? Yeah. Yes, I do. And I can't let go of it. But if you can, let her go. Our primary objective is a vessel named Resurrection by the Cylons. It's guarded by two Base Stars, which have been following us throughout this sector. Our plan, simply put, is to let them find us. We will wait in this system here, and appear to be conducting mining operations. STARBUCK: When the Cylons launch their Raiders, Galactica and most of the civilians will jump away. A small group of civilians will be left behind. To the Cylons, they'll appear to be having trouble with their FTL drives and attempting to escape at sub-light speed. The Cylon Raiders pursue the civilian decoys, pulling the Raiders farther away from the Cylon Base Stars as they can. APOLLO: Once the Raiders have been drawn off by the decoys, Galactica and Pegasus will jump in and attack the Base Stars, while I jump in in the Blackbird stealth fighter and take out the FTL drives on the Resurrection ship, preventing it from jumping away. Why not have the stealth ship carry nukes and destroy it right at the start? We ran simulations on that. We determined that the Cylons would detect the nuclear warheads and destroy the stealth ship before it got within weapons range. When the FTL is destroyed, Galactica and Pegasus will take on the Base Stars, and our attack squadrons will go after the Resurrection ship itself. How many squadrons? All of them. Is there a problem, Commander? I need time to study the operational details. Suit yourself. I've gone over the details and I'm satisfied. I want your CAG to stay and help me answer some of my questions. One hour, Thrace. Yes, sir. Stay focused, son. Jack, I want to transfer a detachment of Marines to Galactica. And I want you to hand-pick them. Completely reliable. Completely loyal. Razors. I have a mission for you, Kara. Anything for you. You know that. Don't accept too quickly. You won't like this one. I don't like it. But I've decided that it has to be done. I'm transferring you to Galactica as well. I'll tell Adama that you're there to be my eyes and ears. He'll hate it, he'll think you're my spy and try to freeze you out of decision-making, but he'll accept it. Now, I want you to stay in ClC throughout the attack. Stay with Adama. ADAMA: After the attack is completed, and you've accounted for your pilots, I want you to land your bird on the Pegasus to report directly to ClC. You'll take Lee with you. He'll watch your back. Position Marines in key areas throughout the ship and keep a squad posted just outside ClC. Now, there will be the normal chaos and emotional high after the attack. They'll be slapping each other on the back, celebrating the victory. That'll keep their guard down. Security will be lax. I will ask for you over the wireless. I will call you directly. And when I have you on the line and you hear me give the command "Execute case orange"... When you hear me say "Downfall"... ...you are to signal the Marines to terminate Adama's command. Start it with Adama. ...I want you