I'm making you commander of the Pegasus Air Group. You're promoting me? I need a CAG with guts. We are the leaders of this fleet. As such, we need to set an example. Oh, let's just cut through the hand-holding, shall we? CAlN: Two of his men murdered one of my officers while protecting a Cylon. They're guilty. They admitted it. And under regulations, I have complete authority to try, convict and sentence them. And you and I both know that the penalty for that crime is death. ROSLlN: I'm afraid there's only one end to this. You've gotta kill her. Well, I see you got it to eat. That's progress, I suppose. Can you get it to roll over, beg? (SCOFFlNG) BALTAR: Admiral, please! I thought you might like a fresh set of clothes. You know what I miss? Sports. I used to go to the pyramid court just before game time. Scalp two tickets. One for me and one for you. I always liked to feel that you were there with me. BALTAR: The Cylons call this their Resurrection ship. At the moment, we are too far away from the Cylon home world for the normal downloading process to work. Which is why they built this ship. It contains the entire apparatus necessary for Cylon resurrection. Then any Cylon who dies out here... Would be dead. As in, really dead. STARBUCK: Our primary objective is a Cylon vessel called Resurrection. Our plan is to jump in, in the Blackbird stealth fighter, and take out the FTL drives on the Resurrection ship, preventing it from jumping away. STARBUCK: When the FTL is destroyed, then our attack squadrons will go after the Resurrection ship itself. How many squadrons? All of them. Jack, I want to transfer a detachment of Marines to Galactica. ADAMA: I have a mission for you, Kara. Anything for you. You know that. Position Marines in key areas throughout the ship. I will ask for you over the wireless. I will call you directly. And when I have you on the line and you hear me give the command, "Execute Case Orange," you are to terminate Adama's command. Start it with Adama. I want you to pull out your weapon and shoot Adm. Cain in the head. This is a frakked up thing that I've been asked to do, but we kill people for a living. They say shoot, we shoot. So you're gonna do this? Yeah. I'm gonna do it. Kara. I could use some back-up. I'll understand if you can't. You know better than that. Yeah, I guess so. People have to have this, Kara. Trust. Your word and my word. If we don't have this, then we really are no different than the Cylons. Thank you. (DOOR OPENlNG) (WHlSPERlNG ORDERS) Absolutely. Oh, lookee here. Sunshine boys are here. You know, the man you killed saved my life and the lives of 50 other men, you miserable frak. Hey, you? You call me "sir. " Yes, sir. So I guess you were both getting your poles greased by that filthy little robot girl, huh? I'm sorry. I don't think I quite heard that right. The glass... I can't hear you. So, why don't you open the door, come in, and we'll talk about it in here? That's a great idea, Chief. Oh, they really wanna do this. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! (ALL CLAMORlNG) MARlNE: On your frakking knees! Slow it down, slow it down. Just think about what you're doing here. Just think about what we're doing here, guys. What the frak is this? Don't worry, sir. I'll take it real slow, sir. TYROL: Hey! (TYROL GRUNTlNG) See, the gut, it's a vulnerable area. Lt. Thorne told me that once. He said, "lf you really wanna do some damage without leaving a mark, "go for the gut." You'd be surprised what you can do with the simplest things. A bar of soap, plain old towel. How bad could it be, right? You'd be surprised. (GROANlNG) Cowards. Cowards? Is that what you said? Now, give me that! You know what? I lied. I'm not going slow anymore. (SCREAMlNG) FlSK: Attention on deck! Gage, Vireem. Out of the cell, standing tall, right here! FlSK: Remove the restraints from the prisoners. Specialist Gage, let me ask you something. Those men in there, are they wearing Colonial uniforms? Yes, sir. Specialist Vireem, do you agree with Specialist Gage here that those are, in fact, Colonial officers? Yes, sir. They killed Lieutenant... Shut your frakking mouth! See, I don't quite understand what I just saw. Because I think I saw you two knuckle-draggers treating those men like they were Cylons, which of course couldn't be right. Because, if in fact that was the case, then you're both subject to charges of assaulting a chief and a lieutenant under color of authority in a time of war, which, if I'm not mistaken, carries a penalty on this ship that is quite severe. Now, get the hell out of here. Sir. Sir. Get out. Yes, sir. Sir. (TYROL COUGHlNG) Thank you. Thank you, Colonel. I don't want your thanks. I owe Lt. Thorne my life, as do many people on this ship. He was trying to rape a prisoner. You can't rape a machine, Lieutenant. COMPUTER: ID confirmed. Do you drink, Thrace? Only to excess, sir. (CLEARS THROAT) "Only to excess"? Learn that from Col. Tigh, did you? Not exactly. I understand you belted him once. (STAMMERlNG) You gonna... That was something I did without really thinking. Don't apologize. Some people get exactly what they deserve. From what I've read about your XO, maybe he needs to get popped in the mouth every once in a while, hmm? I know you're very close with Adama. Yes, sir. And I know he's a good man. And I know he's had to make some very hard choices over the last few months. Lord knows I have. Well, then maybe you can understand why he did what he thought he had to do when you said you were gonna execute Helo and Tyrol. Let me tell you something. I've had to watch a lot of kids be put into body bags. They're covered with flags and they float out that airlock. You think I don't understand his feelings toward his men? Sometimes, terrible things have to be done. Inevitably, each and every one of us will have to face a moment where we have to commit that horrible sin. And if we flinch in that moment, if we hesitate for one second, if we let our conscience get in the way, you know what happens? There are more kids in those body bags, more kids floating out that airlock. Now, I don't know why, but I have a lot of faith in you. And I want you to promise me that when that moment comes, you won't flinch. Do not flinch. (KNOCKlNG AT DOOR) ADAMA: Come in. Courier run from Pegasus, sir. They got you doing courier runs now, huh? Well, l... I volunteered for this one. Kara told me about her... Her mission. Come to change my mind? I just wanted to hear it from you. Decision's been made. Assassination? That's your decision? That's how you resolve your differences with your superior officers? If you're gonna have some problem backing up Starbuck, I can find somebody else. It's not about me watching her back. I'm not going to debate this with you. This was a very hard decision. But I think the President's right. This is the best way to safeguard the fleet. The... The President? So you and... You and the President? This is... Yes. She's made of sterner stuff than people give her credit for. Is this all I have to sign? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Lieutenant, it's good to see you. (DOOR OPENlNG) HOSHl: (ON P.A. SYSTEM) Attention, Pegasus. Jump prep underway. Viper pilots report to ready room in five minutes. Decoy squadron check in with CIC. MARlNE 1 : Check your load. MARlNE 2: Right. MARlNE 3: Check that. MARlNE 1 : Safeties? HOSHl: Fire control, set parameters for Cylon base ship. Upon jump completion, target Cylon ships. Let's go. HOSHl: All Resurrection strike squadrons, report to mission briefing in Ready Room 4. Make ship ready for combat jump. Set Condition One throughout the ship. Good hunting, Captain. You, too, Colonel. Sorry about this, Saul, but the Admiral didn't feel comfortable with our Marines under your command. Yeah. Sorry about a lot of things. Be sure your Marines and our Marines are aware of their areas of responsibility in case we're boarded by the Cylons. The last thing we need is Colonials shooting at each other. Amen to that. ADAMA: (VOlCEOVER) Wait outside. GUARD: Yes, sir. Sit down. I've asked you here to find out why the Cylons hate us so much. I'm not sure I know how to answer that. I mean, "hate" might not be the right word. I don't want to fence with you. I just want to know why. It's what you said at the ceremony. Before the attack, when Galactica was being decommissioned. You gave a speech. Sounded like it wasn't the one you prepared. You said that humanity was a flawed creation. And that people still kill one another for petty jealousy and greed. You said that humanity never asked itself why it deserved to survive. Maybe you don't. Resurrection ship's firing up their FTL drives. They're getting ready to jump. Don't anyone look out of the window right now, please. Starbuck, Apollo. Target's FTL is history. She's all yours. STARBUCK: (ON RADlO) Roger that, Apollo. Red wing initiated. Attack... LEE: Frak! Sir, I just received an emergency transponder from the Blackbird. (ALARM BLARlNG) It's the auto-distress beacon. Alert the search and rescue Raptor. See if he had time to eject. Attention on Pegasus. Prepare to launch attack squadrons. Copy the Galactica. Aye, sir. HOSHl: Attention on Galactica, prepare to launch attack squadrons. HOSHl: Starbuck, Pegasus. Resurrection ship 12 run at 15. Watch your intervals! (ALARM BLARlNG) Take your posts. RACETRACK: (ON RADlO) Engaging Cylon Raiders! PlLOT 1 : Hey! Drop down, I got them! PlLOT 2: Nice work! Two in one! PlLOT 3: Angle it, angle it, then take the shot. PlLOT 4: Cover me! I can't shake them! Mr. Gaeta. GAETA: Sir. Order batteries Alpha through Echo to switch to salvo fire. (HlSSlNG) GAETA: Check secondary battery. HOSHl: Full attack mode. Fire at will. Tens of thousands of Cylons are about to die. Tens of thousands, Gaius. God will not forgive this sin. Do you think God will forgive us? God forgives all. Don't listen to her. You think she can help you? You think that that broken woman can offer you even a fraction of what I can? I know God's plan for you. I know how to help you fulfill your destiny. Do you know what I miss most? You're going to laugh when I tell you this. Sports. Don't do this. Yeah, that's right. I used to love getting to the pyramid game just before tip-off. By timing it right, I could sit down right at the horn. And then let the emotion of the crowd flood over me, waves and waves of it. Like electric current. That's beautiful. And I always had two tickets. No. One for me... Please. ...and one for you. Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Can you say your position? DUALLA: Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Can you say your position? Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Can you say your position? DUALLA: Apollo, Galactica, are you reading this? Are you out there? Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Can you say your position? Apollo, Galactica, do you read? Apollo, Galactica, are you reading this? Are you out there? I'm sorry, Kara. (GASPlNG) HOSHl: Captain Thrace is reporting massive detonations. The Resurrection ship has been destroyed. Yes! (CREW CLAPPlNG AND CHEERlNG) They've done it. RACETRACK: Clear! (GASPlNG) RACETRACK: He's all right. He's a little shaken, but I say again, Apollo is all right. All the remaining Cylons have jumped away. It's over, sir. (CREW CHEERlNG) Congratulations, gentlemen. I'm ready to die. Send my soul to God. Please. I wish you were here, Lee. But what the hell. I am so very proud of you. TlGH: Secure from Condition One. Set Condition Two throughout the ship. Division officers submit casualty and damage report to Combat. (SlGHlNG) Glad we didn't need your Marines today. Yeah. Yeah, me, too. DUALLA: Signal from the flagship, sir. Adm. Cain on the line. Put her through. Congratulations, Commander. Congratulations to you, too, Admiral. A significant victory. Is Starbuck with you? Yes, she is. This is Starbuck. I've been thinking about what we talked about before. It's not enough to survive. One has to be worthy of surviving. That's all. I think that's very wise, sir. Thank you. Commander, I wonder if my XO is standing close by? Yes, he is. FlSK: Yes, sir. Congratulations, Jack. Thank you, sir. That's all. Yes, sir. You look like you could use a drink. (SlGHlNG) Thank you. Oh, by the way, there was something I wanted to tell you. Last night, I was walking down this corridor here, when I saw... (NECK SNAPPlNG) No, no, no. I can't... I can't do this. Suicide is a sin. But I need to die. What you need is justice. I know a place where you can stay, where you will be safe, where I can look after you. Why? Why would you do that? Because I love you. (SlGHlNG) Tell me, Admiral, can you roll over? Beg? Frak you. You're not my type. FlSK: And she died knowing that her ship and her crew were safe, and that her mission had been accomplished. Nothing was more important to her than her ship, her crew, and her mission. And as I take command of Pegasus, I pledge to uphold those values that made her such an effective and heroic leader. I only knew Adm. Cain for a short time. So what I have to say about her will be short. She faced things. She looked them right in the eye and she didn't flinch. That's something that we do a lot around here. We second guess. We worry. When I think about what she went through after the attack... All alone, one ship, no help, no hope... She didn't give up. She didn't worry. She didn't second guess. She acted. She did what she thought needed to be done, and the Pegasus survived. It might be hard to admit, or hard to hear, but I think that we were safer with her than we are without. STARBUCK: Lee. Lee, you okay? Are you okay? No. Not really. Hey... I broke my word to you. What are you talking about? I let you down. I wasn't there when you needed me. Look, a close call like that... That'd mess with anybody's head. All right? It turns out I didn't need you anyway, so... Let's just be glad that we both came back alive, all right? That's just it, Kara. I didn't want to make it back alive. (SOBBlNG) I didn't think I'd ever see you again. Same here. BOOMER: So, where do we go from here? ROSLlN: So, how did the Cylon manage to get off the Pegasus undetected? No one really knows. There was so much chaos in the aftermath of the attack. Thank the gods that you did not have to do what I advised. That makes me very happy. Yes. Thank the gods. How are you feeling? Well, I could sleep for about a year, but... But you, however, do not have that luxury because you have a new job. Billy? It took a little while to find that jeweler. Thank you. Rumor has it that I know very little about military protocol, but I do believe that someone who commands more than one ship is called an Admiral. Congratulations, Adm. Adama. Thank you, Madam President. Thank you, Billy. I never gave up hope. I just stopped trying to get these a long time ago. Just goes to show you, Bill, never give up hope.