Hundreds of us have been rounded up by the Cylons, held in detention, questioned, tortured. What's this? This orders the executions of all the detainees on the next page. - It requires your signature. - <i>(gun cocks)</i> Sign it! Sign your name! (gunfire) The Cylons knew where we were gonna be. - l want to explain. - She sold us out. You know what has to be done here. It would be better for her sake if it was you. (sobs) You're not afraid to represent the most hated man alive? l'd like to see my client. If they wanna kill me, they'll find a way. No! (Adama) Baltar's defence will need help. Dad, why not me? l'm close to the case. l've read the documents. You're a CAG. You're not a lawyer. l will not allow you to sit across the courtroom, on the other side, defending Gaius Baltar. - Is that an order? - l'm through giving you orders. (child laughs) Hera? Hera! We got <i>Greenleaf</i> s FTL nailed down. So fleet's ready to jump again. How many more before we find the nebula? l'm estimating an even dozen. We're getting close. Still no sign of the Cylons. No. We've left a trailing bird at every jump site. No DRADIS contacts, no sightings, nothing. Alter the orders of the trailing Raptor. Tell them to remain six hours before catching up with the fleet. (Gaeta) Yes, sir. (static) (Skulls) Yeah! Whoo-hoo! You're up, superstar. You know this game has frak all to do with the real thing? (Skulls) l didn't hear you say that in the beginning. (static continues) (brief snatch of music) - There. Go back. You almost had it. - <i>(Seelix)</i> Had what? That song. You don't hear that song? No. Come on. You're up. Let's go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Baltar was instrumental in the Cylon attack on the Colonies. The president wants him charged with genocide. l can't make it stick. There's no evidence of his involvement. The president saw him with one of the Sixes on Caprica. Before the attacks. You want me to put Roslin on the stand to testify about her drug-induced visions? What we want is for you to do your job and convict him. If you can't, we'll find someone who will. This is a courtesy meeting, not a strategy session. l am charging Baltar with what l can prove. l do serve at the pleasure of the president and if <i>she</i> decides to replace me l'm sure there are other lawyers willing to take up the case. If there are any other lawyers. Dr Baltar? Who are you? Oh. l'm under instructions from my attorney not to speak to any members of the press. Oh. No, Dr Baltar, I... l want you to look at this picture. This is my son. He's sick and l want you to bless him. Bless him? - Guard! l'm terribly sorry, madam. - Please. l can't help you. l'm not God, the God, or a god of any derivation thereof. - Please. I... - Sorry. l don't have any special powers. - l believe in you. Just please take it. - Well, that's very flattering. - Please, will you just take it? Please. - l'm on trial for my life. l need privacy. - Please. - l'll do my best. - You can save him. - Yeah. Mind how you go, now. How many is that now? Five. Not including the 30 or 40 who've written letters. Well, l suppose it can't be helped. Celebrity trials invariably bring out the crazies. So, you think they're crazy? You see, l saw a woman in pain. l saw a woman who can see you more clearly than you can see yourself. Even if they kill you, your name will live on forever. (Racetrack) Galactica, Raptor 289. We're clear and in position for rearguard picket. (Tigh) Roger, 289. Have fun watching our ass, Racetrack. Have fun watching Baltar's ass get nailed. All right, get comfortable. 12 hours and counting. 12 hours hanging out here like bait on a hook waiting to see if the Cylons are still following us. Just shut up and deal, OK? How do we measure loss? How do we measure loss? We measure it in the faces of the dead. The faces that haunt our memories and our dreams. How do we measure loss? We measure it in our own faces, the ones we see in the mirror every day, because it has marked each of us. So, how do we measure loss? When the scale of it becomes too hard to absorb any other way, we use numbers. How many killed. How many maimed. How many missing. And when those numbers become too vast to comprehend, as they did two years ago, we had to turn it around. We began to count the living, those of us who survived to continue the saga of the human race. 44,035 - the sum total of survivors from the Twelve Colonies who settled on New Caprica with President Gaius Baltar as their leader and protector. 38,838 - our number the day after we escaped. And the missing number? The one that no one wants to face? 5,197. 5,197 of us killed, left behind, or simply disappeared. 5,197 of all that remains of the human race... Iost. The citizens of the Twelve Colonies entrusted their fate and their lives to Gaius Baltar. What we received was a reign of terror that staggers our minds and breaks our hearts. Instead of governance, we got tyranny. Instead ofjustice, we got oppression. Instead of a president, we got a murderer. Today, humanity holds him accountable for his crime. Gaius Baltar is not a victim. Gaius Baltar chose to side with the Cylons and to actively seek the deaths of his fellow citizens. For that, he must pay the ultimate price. Your Honours, the defence would like to change our plea to guilty. What? Counsellor, are you sure you want to do that? No. But what choice do l have? l mean, it's obvious my client is guilty. He's a traitor, a killer. He's no better than a Cylon, and what do we do with them? - <i>(man)</i> Throw 'em out the airlock! - That's right. Throw 'em out the airlock. This man sold us to our enemy. This man <i>is</i> our enemy. And if there's one thing that's good in war, that is right and just and proper, it's slaughtering our enemy! Getting some righteous payback! What are we waiting for?! Let's just kill him now! It'd be easier, wouldn't it? Simpler. Justice of the mob. It's what they want. Especially her. She's been wanting this for over a year now. Ever since he beat her in a free and fair election of the people. Now she gets the chance to exact her revenge upon a man whose only real crime is bowing to the inevitable. Gaius Baltar saved the lives of the people on New Caprica where Laura Roslin would have seen us all dead, victims of a battle we had no hope in winning. l don't know about you, but l'm glad she wasn't the president when the Cylons arrived and said, "Surrender or die." l owe my life to Gaius Baltar and the decision he made that day. And so does Laura Roslin. - Yeah, like you'd frakking know. - l know you wank it in your rack, ladies' man. You see, that's called self-healing. - OK. Time check. - <i>(beeping)</i> Oh, we got something. Lots of company. Reading five baseships. Crap! They're right on top of us. - Frak. Frak! Incoming! - The FTL's still spinning up. We gotta jump. Now, godsdammit! Now! Search the entire fleet for tracking devices. It's possible they could have placed one on a ship on New Caprica. l think that we should ask the Six. She may be willing to help. Baltar's girlfriend? Why would she do that? Because she does not want to see Hera go back to the Cylons. You think that thing would stick her neck out for some half-Cylon whelp? l have a feeling she'd lay her life down for her. A feeling? It's more than a feeling, all right? Just do it! It doesn't hurt to ask. No. Ask the prisoner if it knows of any tracking devices in the fleet. With pleasure. The president, gods bless her sunny, optimistic soul, thinks you might wanna share how your buddies have been tracking us. So l'm here to ask the question and listen to your lies. In the last battle, we discovered your fuel ship had a unique radiation signature. They must have found a way to track it. What else do you know? What other secrets are rattling around inside that mechanical brain? Don't be intimidated by him. He's just using you to exorcise his own pain. Poor old sod. He lost someone close to him. You know how that feels, don't you? l know a lot of things. You wanna know one thing l know? l know about your loss. It hurts, doesn't it? You wonder how you can even survive it. l don't know what you're talking about, but it's not gonna work. (Baltar) She was his world. Of course, he only realised when she was gone. Did she know? Did she know? Did she know how much she meant to you? Or did you wait to tell her until she was gone? What? But you made her think that she was a burden. A millstone around your neck. But then, you humans always destroy the ones who love you, don't you? Shackle this thing. (lawyer) Colonel Tigh? Colonel Tigh? Excuse me. What was the question, again? As the leader of the insurgency, did you ever hear of an instance when Baltar stood up to the Cylons or tried to disrupt their plans? Oh, no, never. He never lifted a frakking finger to help us. Ellen did more. At least she was trying to... (slurs words) to help us. My gods, he's drunk. Yes. Yes, Ellen. Your wife. Another victim of Baltar's Cylon allies. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Thank you, Colonel. Your witness. - What happened to his wife? - She worked for a Cylon administrator. Worked for him? You know what happened to her? No. No idea. l presume she died in the exodus from New Caprica. - Colonel? - Hm. You dislike Gaius Baltar because you consider him to be a traitor. Correct? And a coward and a mass murderer. The suicide bombing of the police graduation. Baltar was the intended target, was he not? If he'd had the guts to show up that day like he was supposed to, you and l wouldn't be having this conversation now. So you ordered the killing of - what was it? - 33 other men and women just for the chance to kill Gaius Baltar. They were all traitors - anyone who put on that uniform. But, yes. He was the target. What happened to your wife? - Exception. Relevance? - The door was opened on direct. - l fail to see the point of pursuing... - He's right, Admiral. If it was brought up during direct examination, it can be pursued in cross. Overruled. Continue. - What happened to your wife, Colonel? - You frakking son of a bitch. Isn't it true that she collaborated openly with the Cylons? That she actually worked for them? She was faking it. Making them think that she was working for them. l-I see. And Baltar, he wasn't faking it. No? That's right. And you blame him for her death. Have you been drinking today, Colonel? l had a drink. l haven't been drinking. - You liked to drink with Ellen, l imagine. - <i>(static)</i> (haunting music) Did you hear that? They're playing music in here now? What the hell is he talking about? Gaius Baltar didn't order the death of your wife. Colonel, that was somebody else. Who was it, Colonel? Who killed Ellen? Come on, Colonel. We're waiting. Tell us. Who was it? Who killed Ellen? l did. l did. l did. She was giving information to the Cylons. A lot of good men died. She was my wife, it was my responsibility. She did it for me. That's what she said. To save me from going back to prison so they could tear more pieces off me. So l killed her. All because of that thing over there. All because Gaius frakking Baltar didn't have the guts to stand up to the Cylons. Because he handed our fates over to the Cylons, l had to kill my Ellen. So Gaius Baltar made you kill your wife. That's why you hate him, and that's why you'd say anything to see him die. You're godsdamn right, l would. l would do anything, say anything, to see that man die a painful death. No further questions. (static/haunting music) Will someone turn off that music?! (radio) Earlier today, eight protesters were arrested... - Are you hearing anything l'm saying? - <i>(laughs)</i> My gods. - What can l get you? - Uh, l don't know what l want. - You figure it out. You're the bartender. - OK. Tell you what. l'll surprise you. - <i>(Anders)</i> Yes! Finally! - Thank you! <i>(laughs)</i> l'm not a bad coach, huh? (static) (haunting music) - One more time. - Yep. l was grading papers in the schoolhouse that night and they came again. Fortunately, the children were gone. It was after dark. They took close to 200 of our people that night, under Baltar's direct orders. As it turned out, all of our names were on a death list signed by Dr Baltar. Let us be crystal clear on this fact. You are saying that the defendant, Gaius Baltar, ordered your execution and the execution of 200 other people? Yes. Indeed. That's exactly what l'm saying. We need to talk. (Baltar) We need to find something to discredit her testimony. She's a fanatic, right? And l don't know if that's gonna happen. - You're awfully quiet. - l was just listening. You see, your problem is is that l'm a really good liar and you're not. - So let's have it. - Have what? He's right. You do know something. You know something and you're not saying. - It's probably not true. - l like it. l doubt she would say anything in front of me. She? She? This is about Laura Roslin? And you're not tell... Tell me! Shut up. Enjoying yourself so far, huh? Having a good time sticking it to the old man, defending a hated man? - That's not why l agreed to do this. - You just decided to stand up for justice and those other things we inscribe upon courtroom doors? Yeah. That's exactly what l'm doing, because l believe in the system. l really believe. l even believe that our lowlife pond scum of a client actually deserves a fair trial. The system requires that you tell what you know, which leaves you with one of two uncomfortable options. First, share the information, and in so doing, uphold the very principles that you claim to hold so dear. Or second, keep 'em to yourself and prove once and for all your only purpose here is to jab your father in the eye and make a mockery of the justice system. Very, very nice. But l know why l'm here. l don't need to prove it to you or to anyone. You're wrong. You need to prove it to yourself. Or you'll leave that courtroom knowing you kept a secret that could have saved that man's miserable life. Unless l misjudge you, that's not something that Lee Adama wishes on his conscience. So, what'll it be, Major? Sit on the sidelines mouthing pieties, or are you gonna get in this trial and give us something we can use? There we go. We made it. - Come on. - <i>(groans)</i> There we go. Come on. - Come on. There we go. - <i>Oh. (coughs)</i> There we go. (mumbles) You've had enough of that. l know. l know. - l'm all right. - Attaboy. Got some good news today. We found the radiation signature on the tylium ship like the Cylon prisoner said we would. Good. That's great. It's being repaired as we speak. Mr Gaeta estimates the fleet's nine jumps away from the nebula. Considering how long it's gonna take to fix the tylium ship, we're out maybe three days. Three days out from the next clue on the road to Earth. l can't smell her. l can't smell her any more, Bill. l kept her clothes... but her smell is gone now. (sighs) l gotta go, Saul. l'm really tired. l'm really sorry about all that in court. - There's nothing to be sorry about. - l embarrassed you. Made you look bad. You're my oldest friend, Saul. You never embarrass me. Get some rest. Can the former CAG make a radical suggestion to the admiral? What if we don't fix the tylium ship? - Repairs have already started. - l realise that, but hear me out. We're too close to the nebula to hope the Cylons can't guess where we're going. So if we don't fix it, if we send the ship off on a new course with a couple of Raptors, let her make a few jumps before rejoining the fleet, it might throw the Cylons off. It's a good idea. l'll take it into consideration. Is there anything else? - How's the president? - What? Is she OK? She looked a little rattled in court yesterday. (sighs) We can't talk about the trial outside of court. You know that, or you should. l know. l wasn't asking... After what you did to Tigh, you're the last person l would consider to confide in. Me? l didn't do anything to Tigh. He was drunk. That's really not my fault. You told Lampkin about Ellen. l didn't even know about Ellen. Yeah, right. Are you calling me a liar? l'm calling you a liar and a coward, one who doesn't have the guts to go after a man himself. Instead, you hand the shiv to a stranger and let him stab Tigh in the back. And for what? The traitorous piece of garbage Gaius Baltar who doesn't even deserve a trial. Are you done? Yes. Then so am I. l will not serve under a man who questions my integrity. And l won't have an officer under my command who doesn't have any. l'll see you in court, Admiral. - Let me do this. - <i>(Baltar)</i> What? Are you sure, Major? It's "Mr" now. And yeah, l'm sure. It should be me. - You're not gonna let my security guard... - <i>(Franks)</i> We're waiting, Mr Lampkin. If it please the court, my associate Mr Adama will question the witness. His associate. - The defence may proceed. - <i>(Lampkin)</i> Thank you. Aren't you alive today because of Gaius Baltar? l'm alive today because the insurgents managed to stop the execution. They saved you from a Cylon firing squad, but wasn't it Baltar who saved your life when you were dying from cancer? Relevance? Um... Your Honours... Hostile witness, Your Honours. If the court would grant us just a little latitude... We'll allow it. Thank you. Um... Did Gaius Baltar save your life when you were dying from cancer? Dr Baltar's scientific knowledge did save my life, indeed. Can you be more specific? How did he save your life on that occasion? He injected me with the blood of a half-Cylon, half-human baby. And your cancer vanished? Completely. During your illness, what sort of medication were you on? l was taking a lot of medications at the time and l don't remember all their names. Did you take something called chamalla extract? Hm. Yes. Isn't it true that one of the side effects of taking chamalla is a propensity to experience hallucinations? Yes, that is one of the possible side effects of chamalla. And isn't it also true that the visions that you once described as messages from the gods were actually the result of a pharmacological reaction from taking chamalla? The chamalla enabled me to see things foretold by the scriptures, things that will help this fleet find its way to Earth. - You of all people should know that. - Your Honours? - Where are you going with this? - Just one more question, Your Honour. (whispers) Please, don't do this. Please. Madam President, are you taking chamalla at this time? "Captain Apollo." You remember that? l always thought that had such a nice ring to it. l am so, so sorry for you now. Chamalla, Madam President. Perhaps dissolved in your tea to mask the bitterness. Don't answer. l'm putting a stop to this now. If she is on drugs it goes to her credibility as a witness. Witness is dismissed. Your Honours, l have to object. He's trying to cover something up here. One more word and you'll be held for contempt. - Admiral! - l'd like to hear the witness answer. As would I. Madam President, are you taking chamalla again? Yes, l am. No further questions. Mr Adama, aren't you going to ask me why? - l'm sorry? - Why am l taking chamalla again? - It's not strictly relevant. - Perhaps not to you, but it is to me. Go ahead. Ask me why. Finish what you started. Why are you taking the chamalla again, Madam President? l am taking chamalla again because my cancer has returned. The fact that she's having hallucinations is relevant to Baltar's defence. That's the way the system works, Dee. The accused has a right to challenge the credibility of witnesses against them. The system is broken, Lee. The system elected that man to be president and it's trying to let him walk. That system doesn't deserve to be defended, but taken apart and put back together again. You know, l wish... - l wish l could make you understand. - l do understand, Lee. That's why l'm leaving. No, you don't. You frakking don't. How long have you known about the cancer? - About a week. - And how advanced is the disease? Will you be getting more transfusions from the half-Cylon donor? This is detail l'm not going into now. l'll let you know when we have a game plan. How will the treatment impact your duties as president? - So far, it hasn't at all. - Are you currently taking chamalla? Don't answer that. How often do you hallucinate? - Enough of this crap. We're done here. - Tory. - You can go pick over another carcass. - Tory! Come here. l'll see you inside. Thank you. (laughs) l'm sorry. Temperatures are running a little high in the fleet these days. Who's next? Karen? Madam President, how long do you have to live? How long do you have to live, Karen? - You handled that well. - You didn't. "Pick over another carcass"? As opposed to mine? That'll look good in the press. I... l don't even know why l said that. I... What is up with you? You've been off your game for days. You're distracted, exhausted. Frankly, you're plain obnoxious. l just haven't been sleeping very well. You need to pull it together and focus on your job fast, or l can find someone who can handle the press as well as pull a comb through their hair once a week. (static/haunting music) - <i>(Helo)</i> Lieutenant? - Oh, morning, XO. Morning. It's just temporary. The colonel will pull it together. Right. We're using the tylium ship as a decoy to lead the Cylons along this course, almost directly opposite to ours. When they reach this point here they'll recalibrate their FTL and jump back to rendezvous with the rest of the fleet here at the Ionian Nebula. Any indication the Cylons are following? Nothing yet. It would appear they've stopped following us as well. Our Raptors have yet to pick up any sign of pursuit since the ship left the fleet. How many jumps until we reach the nebula? Uh... it's hard to believe, but we're down to the last three. Good. Is there anything else, sir? No. No, l was just, uh... just remembering back on Caprica, when the weather was about to change, you'd... you'd get this smell in the air. The sun could be out, not a cloud in the sky, but you'd pick up this smell, and you knew that, um... something was just over the horizon. Weather's changing, Felix. We need to be ready for it. There's a storm coming. (haunting music) It's in the ship. It's in the frakking ship! - <i>(talks gibberish)</i>