There are not do-overs. No second chances to make things right if you frak them up the first time.</i> Not in this life, anyway. This is the Battlestar Pegasus to the ship claiming to be the Galactica. Please respond.</i> Pegasus? How could that be? The entire fleet was destroyed. Admiral Cain, we had no idea there were other survivors.</i> On behalf of the officers and the crew of the Pegasus,</i> welcome back to the colonial fleet. What they did to you was wrong. Evil. What you need... is justice. Frak you. And she died knowing that her ship and her crew were safe</i> and that her mission had been accomplished. Nothing was more important to her than her ship, her crew, and her mission. And as I take command of Pegasus, I pledge to uphold those values</i> that made her such an effective and heroic leader. Word of Fisk's murder is spread out through the entire fleet. Crew can fall apart when their commander is killed. Pegasus lost two in a matter of weeks. I'm putting Garner in command. Commander Garner, two Baseships just jumped in. Nukes inbound. We're under attack. We need those FTLs fixed soon. Or we're dead. I need to go down there. Sir, we've lost Garner. He sacrificed himself to save the Pegasus.</i> Garner was my decision. His failure's my responsibility. Congratulations, Commander. The Pegasus is your command. Like I said, you make your choices and you live with them. And in the end, you are those choices. BATTLESTAR GALACTICA " Razor " Subtitles - = ( Team Lords of Kobol )= - Thanks, insults, critics... - =( www.seriestele.net )= - Transcript & Synchro: Bbsiocnarf, Dapitch666, Kaerned, Linwelin, NikoMagnus I swear you're like a kid on his first day of school. You're gonna make me regret having you along, aren't you? Every chance I get. Commander Lee Adama. Thank you Madam President, Admiral Adama. Eight months ago, the world changed. Our lives changed forever. We found ourselves shouldering responsibilities</i> we never thought we'd have. Duty, honor, service. They're more than words. Those are the guiding principles for those who serve in the military. And recently all have been in short supply on this ship. That's gonna change, beginning today. We can't always choose our circumstances but we can choose how we handle them. I intend to give you my all, I expect nothing less in return. I've already appointed Kara Thrace as my acting CAG, I'll be making other officer and duty assignments in the coming days. As I review your... The more things change, the more they stay the same, Gus. Come in. Lieutenant Kendra Shaw reporting as ordered, Sir. At ease, Lieutenant. - Have a sit. - No, thank you. Frankly, I'm used to standing in this room. Yeah. Admiral Cain apparently wasn't big on chairs. Even dead, the woman casts a shadow. But I'm sure I don't have to tell you that. Sir? I've been reviewing the Fitreps for the ship's officers and... frankly, you're a puzzle. Top ratings from Cain, clearly thought the world of you. Then a whole series of increasingly negative reports from Fisk, then Garner who demoted you to kitchen duty for... "persistent insubordinate behaviour". So, the question is: who are you? Raptor 1-7-9, you're cleared for docking bay 3.</i> Call the ball. Roger that, Pegasus. We have the ball. Come in! That's your idea of vacation readings? What is that? Your idea of a hobby? Yeah, it is. So, have you figured out how you're gonna spend your shore leave? I was thinking about maybe going home to Tauron to visit some friends but I have'nt made any definite plans yet, no. In that case, how about spending some time with us on Gemenon? I know Rika and the girls would love to see you. Come on, Helena. You deserve a break. You're going full tilt for over a year now. I've got a repair list as long as my arm plus our network's gonna be down for the retrofit and you know I don't like leaving Pegasus at the mercy of civilian contractors, so... All right, listen to your XO. Once in a while, it's OK to get off the treadmill. I will think about it. - I'll think about it. - OK. Excuse me, could you please point me towards... Excuse me, could you please show me... - Looking for the CIC? - Yes. How did you know? You've got that new officer meaning to report to her CO look down cold. One of the benefits of being a network administrator. This is us. This is where you need to be. You're a livesaver. Kendra Shaw. - Gina Inviere. - Inviere... That's old Gemenese for "resurrection", isn't it? One of the benefits of being a lapsed classics major. Guess you never know when something like that might coming handy? - Welcome to Pegasus, Lieutenant. - Thank you. Lieutenant Kendra Shaw, reporting for duty, Sir. Did you enjoy your coffee, Lieutenant? My coffee? Just say yes so we don't get off on the wrong foot. Yes, Sir. Good! You see, because I figured that you either got lost on your way to CIC, or you stopped for a cup of coffee and frankly, I'd rather think it was a cup of coffee than realize my new aide can't find her way around a Battlestar. - Sir, I've just arrived... - I'm not finished speaking. I know why you're here. You're here because you think this job is a stepping stone to a better one. So, let me guess. You had your mother pull some strings. And she... My mother's dead, Sir. She died of cancer. Yes, I know. I read the papers. And while I'm very sorry for your loss, you'd be well advised to make that the last time you play on my sympathies. Between you and me, I'm feeling a hell of a lot sorrier for myself. - Mister Hoshi. - Sir. Can you please direct this lieutenant to her quarters? - Yes, Sir. - You're dismissed. Lieutenant. - A little mid-morning snack. - Yeah. - I'm gonna be in my quarters. - Yes, Sir. Beauty of a network system is that with the right passcode you can control just about any part of the ship from any other. Of course the system's down for the retrofit, but in emergency, it's like having unlimited backups. Assuming no one hits the wrong button. Yeah, not on Cain's ship. Puts the fear of the Gods into everyone, does she? Are you OK? Come on, soldier. Get up. On your feet. Hoshi! Follow me to CIC. Come on! Soon as your men are out, seal the hatch and vent the compartments. What the hell hit us? Radiological reading looks like nuclear detonation. - Multiple hits. - It's the Cylons. It has to be. But they've broken the armistice and this is part of an all-out attack. At least, we still have our power. But that's about it, dradis is erratic, weapons are offline, same with all our computers. We have to do everything manually. I want all hatches sealed. Docking connections severed. Lieutenant, spin up our FTL drive. Yes, Sir. We're preparing for an emergency jump, everyone. Set preload on nav 1. Insert jump key. Sir, two more nukes head straight for us. Estimate 20 seconds to impact. FTL spooling, Sir. But without computer, we can't calculate a safe jump. Don't bother calculating. Just do it. You wanna do a blind jump, Sir. We might en up inside a sun. - Missiles closing. Ten seconds. - It doesn't matter where we jump to. Just frakking do it, Lieutenant! FTL online. 5 seconds. Lieutenant, now! Who am I? I'm a soldier. As were Fisk and Garner. Neither of those men deserve my respect, so they didn't get it. Can you be more specific? Fisk was a black market sell-out. He was a piece of garbage, unworthy of the uniform. Garner was a martinet. who tried to micro-manage this ship like it was some bulky piece of machinery. Hard to dispute either assessment. What about me? Don't hold back just because I've got a pulse. You're a step up. But that doesn't change the fact that you're an outsider who was brought in to clean up our mess, or the impression that your daddy just gave you a Battlestar, like he was tossing you the keys to a new car. You certainly don't disappoint, Lieutenant. So, how would you like to be my new XO? Sir? One thing I learned from my father, before he tossed me the keys is that a commander needs a strong right arm. I also need to send a message to this crew, that I respect Cain's legacy. Even if the truth is that I don't. I'm no Cain. But I intend to give this crew their pride back. So, I'll let you carry her torch. Deal? In that case, Major, you out of uniform. Dismissed. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, you're done. - You think that weapon's ready to fire? - Yes, Sir. You're ready to bet your life on that? The lives of all your buddies? Sir... Yes, Sir. Then fire your weapon. Are you deaf, soldier? I said fire your frakkin' weapon. Again. Didn't think it possible that you could find an XO meaner than Saul Tigh. Yeah, she's tough. - But I think we needed tough. - Any ruffled feathers? You know, she and Kara don't exactly get along. I'd like to sell tickets to that dance. Juste remember that an XO is not a blunt instrument. The two of you have to make up a team. That takes trust. Well, we trust each other to do our jobs. I guess that's a start. Now that your house is in order, I have a mission for you. Against my better judgment, I let a science team take a Raptor from us. Go out to study a supernova remnant. They're overdue. I want you to track their course. See what you turn up. There are three civilians, two pilots. And if we run into the Cylons? It's a search and rescue mission. Don't get into a battle that you don't wanna fight. That beeing said, use your own judgment. This is your command. Nothing to the right of me, nothing to the left of me.</i> Feel like I'm drowning in nothing out here. Come on, Showboat, sing out. Let me know I got company.</i> Sing out, Kat? You mean, like a song? How about "Ninety nine bottles of Ambrosia"?</i> Damn, Showboat. You're taking me back. Road trips. Thank you. - Pass me the circuit board. - Here you go. The sickbay just lost another two. - That raises our casualties to what? - 723. It's more than a quarter of our crew. What's our fighter status? Twelve Vipers destroyed, along with two Raptors. Another seventeen ships too badly damaged to be repaired. What else? Sir, we've tried to keep a lid on what we learned from com traffic before it stopped. But rumors keep leaking out. - We need facts, not supposition. - I agree. We're four, maybe five, plotted jumps back to the colonies. I don't imagine you wanna risk the whole ship for a recon run, right? Send two Raptors, tell them not to engage - the enemy. I want information only. - Yes, Sir. Ready to reboot nav and defense computer systems. Stand by. Lieutenant. Admiral. The helms, weapons and FTL computer are all back on line and I think I know how the Cylons took down our defense grid. These lines of code in the new navigation program were about to upload. They've been designed to create a backdoor that could enable an enemy to wirelessly access the program. That could introduce a virus that could affect the entire network, right? Luckily, ours was already down but I suggest that we keep it that way even after we've purged the program. All right, Lieutenant, it's your ball. Run with it. You're not quite as useless as I thought. How long have you been at your station? I don't know, Sir. I guess I just never left. You should consider getting rag time. It's been 2 days since the attack. Sir. Sir, I'm sorry. I'm sorry about the way I behaved when the nukes hit. I was scared. Actually, I was terrified, and I froze. You're not afraid anymore, are you, Lt? - No, sir. - Good. You hold on to that anger and you keep it close. It'll stop you being afraid the next time. It'll tell you what to do. Lieutenant, button up. This is your Admiral. I know there have been a lot of rumors going around about the destruction that's been visited on our homeworlds by the Cylons. I would like to tell you that they're exaggerations but in fact,</i> they don't even come close to conveying the horror that has just been unleashed upon us.</i> The facts are... that our colonies have been destroyed, our cities have been nuked, and our fleet's gone too. So far, there are no indications of any other survivors.</i> I imagine you're all asking yourselves the same question I am.</i> What do we do, now? Do we run? Do we hide? I think those are the easy choices. A philosopher once said: "When face with untenable alternatives, you should consider your imperative." Look around you. Our imperative is right here. In our bulkheads, in our planes, in our guns, and in ourselves. War is our imperative. And if right now, victory seems like an impossibility, then there is something else to reach for. Revenge. Payback. So, we will fight. Because in the end, it's the only alternative our enemies have left us. I say let's make these murdering things understand that as long as this crew and this ship survive that this war that they started will not be over. Thank you. So say we all. So say we all. So say we all! Com relay that it looks more like some kind of frakked up can opener. From what we can tell, it's guarded by about a half dozen Raiders. - That's all? - They don't expect anyone to attack it. Gentlemen, you're looking at our first target. Nice work finding it, Lieutenant. Thanks, I had help. Speak of the devil. - Hello, Gina, welcome. - Hello. Gentlemen, I'd like you to meet Miss Gina Inviere. Miss Inviere and Lieutenant Shaw have been working very closely upgrading our systems and before that, she was supervising our retrofit and I must say she's proven herself invaluable in both capacities. Thank you. You certainly set a beautiful table. Thank you. Everyone, please have a seat. Please... I think it's quite important for our ship's officers to get together every once in a while. Share some food, some wine, some good conversation. Ups moral. Not to mention it's the only time we get to park our butts on a chair. Now that you're all here, I would like to take a moment to say a few words. In all seriousness, I said some things before, in the heat of emotion. Things that I felt this crew needed to hear. But I don't want any of you for one moment to think that I would ever risk lives or resources in some mad quest for revenge. My plan is to wage an all-out classic guerilla war campaign. I want to find their weak links and I want to hit them hard. As they say, the best defense is a good offense. Well, then here's to a good offense and to kicking some cylon ass! Almost done here. I don't know how we could firewall these systems by tomorrow unless we split up. And you're the only one with the access codes. We can speak to the Admiral about raising your security clearance. And here I thought we were being so discreet. Guess that's hard when you truly care for someone. Program's uploaded. You need to input your code. Alpha one niner six gamma one. To satisfy your curiosity, we met a few months ago when I presented the plans for the retrofit. We spent a lot of time together working out the details and I guess one thing led to the other. You seem so surprised. It's just that Cain seems so self-sufficient. She has needs, just like the rest of us. No one can survive entirely on her own. Trust me, Lieutenant. In the end, we're all just human. How about "99 bottles of Ambrosia". - <i>Damn, Showboat. You're taking me back.</i> - She ever shut up? Chatter like that breeds sloppiness, it's a bad example for the other pilots. As long as she sets a good example with her flying, we'll come out ahead. Sir? Multiple dradis contacts bearing 3-9-9, carom 6-2-0. Fighter size... - unknown configuration, Sir. - Raiders, it has to be. We got company. Pegasus, Starbuck. Where did these guys come from? Starbuck, actual. You and Showboat double time back to the nest. On our way, Pegasus, I don't like these odds.</i> Showboat, stay with me. Defensive batteries, selective fire only, watch out for our people. Prep for jump as soon as we recover our birds. Aye, sir. These ships... I can almost see 'em. There's something weird about them. Sir, shouldn't we launch alert Vipers and engage? That's not why we're here, Major. Sir, wh... If we spot our missing ship, we'll go after her. Otherwise, we jump out of here, we report back to Galactica. Pegasus, Starbuck. We got ourselves a problem out here. Our new friends don't want to say goodbye. Sir, FTL crew reports power failure in main navigational computer. You gotta be kidding me. Let's go to emergency backup. We need those jump coordinates. They're all over us. We can't break free. Ensign, direct all batteries to commence full auto-fire, close range. Now, Ensign. - What the frak? - We're inside their firing solution. No frakking kidding! Open up with all you got. We're gonna shoot ourselves a hole. Is that gonna work? No, but it'll make you feel better. Frak! Son of a bitch. For frak sakes, it's like she was trying to get us killed. Look, Major Shaw has the authority to take any action she feels necessary - to protect this ship. - She's a loose cannon. And she's also the XO. And frankly, ordering that barrage probably saved your skin. Forgive me, if I don't say "thanks". - Come on, Kara! Just... - Don't! You wanna tell me what the hell you were thinking? That was a nice bit of flying, Captain. But I'd think twice - about questioning my tactical orders. - Tactical orders? That's what you call blowing the crap out of your own pilot. Questioning orders is a bad idea on this ship, Captain! - How many raiders, Lt? - Reading twelve signatures, Sir. It's more than we anticipated. But one squadron should be able to handle them and destroy the target. Launch Blue squadron. - New contacts. - What the hell? There's a lot of jamming going on out there. But I'm reading 15 full squadrons of raiders, Sir. They must have jumped in right after we launched our fighters. This isn't a com relay. This is a staging ground. Recall the vipers, Sir? Two minutes to contact. Admiral, the Cylons knew we were coming. We have to recover the Vipers and jump out of here while we still can. No. Scramble the reserves. Order them to provide cover while Blue attacks the target. They'll be outnumbered four to one. A squadron of Raiders has broken off and are now inbound. Activate defensive batteries. They're not responding. The networks lock us out of our weapons grid. Then have gun crews assume manual control. Admiral. We are hugely outnumbered. And now, our own weapon's grid won't respond. What more proof do we need that this is a trap? Or more reason to launch everything we've got. This is exactly what you said we wouldn't do. Even if we succeed, is this relay really worth the lives and planes it will cost? Mister Belzen, are you refusing to carry out my orders? Sir, I cannot in good conscience obey them. Mr Belzen, give me your side arm. - Sir? - I said: "Give me your side arm." Now! Gods! Colonel Fisk! You're now my XO. My order still stands. Would you execute it? This is the XO. Launch all remaining squadrons. Sir, the controls on port side airlock 4, 10 and 12 have gone active. We're being boarded by the Cylons. Colonel, Fire up the fast response teams. - All hands, repel boarders... - Lt, get to secondary damage control.</i> They'll try and vent our air and kill us before we have chance to fight back. Yes, Sir. Go! They're coming this way, killing everyone. Go to CIC. You'll be safe there. What the frak? You! Step away from the Admiral. - Lieutenant? - I said: "Step away from the Admiral." Now! You two. Take her into custody. Belay that. Lt, what the hell is going on? She was helping us with our weapons grid. No she wasn't, Sir. She's a cylon spy. They look like us. Oh, for Gods sake! Mister Hoshi, can you please show us the security feed from airlock 4. This is crazy. I don't know what she thought she saw. My Gods! - Get that thing off my bridge. - Yes, Sir. Act like officers, Gods damn it! You've got everybody watching you on this deck. Where the hell did they come from? It's been a long time since I seen one of these outside a museum. And you say the entire fleet jumped in? They came out of nowhere. Why would the Cylons resurrect a machine that by their standards is hopelessly obsolete? Maybe they didn't resurrect it. Maybe they were out here all along. You have something you wanna tell us? There are references in our databases, to a force of centurions, called Guardians. Early models like this, that somehow escaped being scrapped. What do this Guardians guard? A hybrid. An entity that represents the first step in our evolution from pure machines to organic beings. From them, to us. A cylon missing link. No, more like an evolutionary dead end. There were other hybrids created to control our baseships before the experiment was abandoned, but... this one was the first. And... some think it's still alive. Protected by these Guardians. And that it's still somehow seeking its own way to evolve. The last operation of the war, Galactica was part of a task force that destroyed a cylon base. I was on that mission. The Cylons were supposedly building a superweapon. All this has happened before. And will happen again. Is someone in there? Help. Help us, they left us here. Don't leave us here, please. I'm gonna get you out of here. We're civilians. We're traders, from Gemenon. We... They jumped our convoy. They destroyed our escort. They took us all prisoners. There were 50 of us but they've been taking us away, one by one. We could hear the others screaming. We didn't know what happened to them. Please you gotta get us all out of here. I'm trying. The door must be welded shut. - What the hell is happening? - I don't know. Feels like a quake. The place is starting to come apart. I got it! Still stuck. I can't open it any wider. You gotta go. You gotta go get help. I stay here. I stay here with you. No, you can't do it by yourself. Just go! Tell what happened to us. Our ship was the Diana. From Gemenon, all right? Just tell them. If you stay here, you'll be trapped like us. Go! Go! Save yourself. Go! Galactica, Husker. Galactica, this is Husker. Do you copy? Husker, roger that. Report status. I crashed on the surface. They were making something down here. Experimenting on people to do it. And now they're getting away with whatever they've built. Husker, the war is over! What? Galactica repeat! The war is over. An armistice was just signed. Activate your beacon, we'll send you the SAR bird.</i> Husker, respond. They escaped with it. Right before they signed the armistice. If this hybrid still exists, and it's captured some of our people. I don't want to think about it. Baltar and Tyrol were able to pull the Raider's computer and download the ship's navigational data and extrapolate a possible location for a base. But it's more likely a baseship. That's where we'll find our Raptor crew. It's two, maybe three jumps from where you were attacked. I was just telling the commander that we can't afford to commit both battlestars. Which is why I'm temporarily transferring my flag to Pegasus. - You're going along? - You're still in command. Let's just say I have a personal stake in this mission. A mission based on a cylon legend. It's not a legend, son. I was in the place where they made that thing. I saw what they did to make it. We're not gonna let this happen again. Not to our own people. I'll have my XO start preparing an attack plan. I'm afraid that brings us another matter. Commander. Misdirection is the key. Pegasus jumps right into the hornet's nest. They swarm us with their Raiders. We let them think they've taken out our FTL before moving off at sublight speed, drawing them away. That's when my strike team jumps in. It's a hell of a risky plan, but I guess you know that. Just remember it's search and rescue. Get aboard, find our people, set your nuke, then get back in one peace. - Who's piloting the Raptor? - Captain Thrace. No other pilot I can trust to pull this off. Well, I guess the question is whether I can trust you. The President believes that under admiral Cain you were involved in an incident aboard a civilian transport, called Scylla. An incident in which ten people were executed. It is true? I said, is it true? I was there. Guessing that's enough to indict me. Why didn't you tell me? You said you wanted to send a message to this ship's crew, about respecting Cain's legacy. I am Cain's legacy. I'm alive because of the choices she made. So is everyone else on this ship. Tell you something else? Cain wouldn't have blinked twice at this plan. She knew that you don't win battles, never mind wars, without risking lives. Are you finished? Yes, Sir. If you'd like my resignation, you can have it. It'd be easier, wouldn't it? Then you can go back to peeling potatoes, wallowing in self pity, 'cause poor Kendra Shaw is the only officer in the fleet who've ever had to make a hard call. Well, it's not gonna fly, Major. Not while I'm in command. Plan's risky, but right now, you're the only game in town. So, complete your mission, Major. Your plan's approved. Petrius, this is Adriatic got another load of solid waste stinkin' in our cargo hold.</i> Petrius, this is Adriatic. Got another load...</i> ... and we're back with Gaius Baltar. Doctor, a lot of people once thought of Pegasus as the answer to our prayer.</i> Were they wrong? Final casualty report lists 816 dead, 121 injured. 32 Vipers destroyed, 61 badly damaged. The acting chief says we don't have enough parts to repair them all. That's a rather high price for a tactically insignificant victory. I wouldn't say it's insignificant, Sir. I'd say we put the enemy on notice. The price we paid is my fault. How do you figure that, Lt? Well I gave her... <i>it</i> my access codes. It must have used them to override our security lockouts. No, you gave it something far more important than that. You gave it your trust, as did I. But this thing really knows how to manipulate human emotions, preys on them. Lieutenant Thorne, I want you to interrogate our cylon prisoner. Find out everything it knows. And since it's so adept at mimicking human feeling, I'm assuming that its software is vulnerable to them as well, so... Pain, yes, of course. Degradation, fear, shame. I want you to really test its limits. Be as creative as you need to be. Yes, Sir. Lieutenant Thorne. Access granted. Admiral Cain to CIC. Lieutenant, come with me. Colonel, sitrep. We just detected a fleet of ships broadcasting colonial IFF signature. Sir, they're civilians. A civilian fleet. 15 ships, Sir. The CAP has gone ahead to intercept. Lieutenant, I want you to contact those ships' captains. Ask them to forward their crew and passenger manifest along with their ships' schematics and inventory of any weapons or spare parts. Yes, Sir. Colonel, I want you to assemble teams of engineers and marines and have them board each of those ships. Sir, are we... We're gonna take everything we need from those ships. And once they'll realize our intent, there's bound to be resistance. So we need to act quickly and decisively. Colonel, if you have a problem with any of this, I need to hear it now. No. Get to work. Permission to come aboard? Permission granted. Welcome. We prayed for this miracle. The last time the Cylons found us, we lost 4 ships but now, thank the Gods, you've found us. Mr. Laird, admiral Cain ordered me to give you this. - What is it? - It's a list of materials and passengers we need transferred to the Pegasus. Effective immediately. Your name is on the list. My name? Wait. You want to take our FTL drives. We'll be helpless. As I said, we're adding some of your people to our crew. So... you're gonna decide just like that who lives and who dies? We make whatever accommodations we can, but, you have to understand. We're at war. Military need must take priority. I don't understand. They're... they're gonna take what they want and leave us to fend for ourselves. I can't do that. - I can't do it. - No. Listen! All of you! We have orders to transfer the crewmen, and the equipment on that list, to Pegasus. We have no wish to harm anyone, but we will use force if necessary. No. You can't do that. You can't do that. - Keep them back! - You're here to help us. You can't do that! Ship to ship call from colonel Fisk. What's going on, Colonel? You're already behind schedule.</i> Sir, they're denying us access to the rest of the ship. We're not dealing with just individuals, Sir. We have whole families here. Then tell them you'll shoot the families of any selectee who doesn't comply. Sir, did I hear you correctly? - You don't seriously mean that we... - Just get it done, Colonel. Corporal. Get these people on the deck - and get them lined up. - Yes, Sir. We have orders... to shoot the families of any selectee who refuses to return with us. We will carry out this order. Unless, those individuals are brought forward, now! - You're supposed to protect us! - I repeat. We will carry out this order! We will shoot these people. What are we doing, Sir? Sir? Colonel Fisk, to Pegasus. Colonel Fisk, to Pegasus. It's over. The whole fleet has word of what happened here. There won't be any more resistance. Colonial 1 to Raptor 3-5-9, clear for docking approach.</i> Colonial 1 to Raptor 3-5-9, clear for docking approach.</i> Galactica to Greenleaf shuttle, you are clear for landing.</i> Checker's red. Speed too... So the XO is human after all. I used to do that myself. Scrub through the wireless band, reminds you you're not alone out here. Got any more? More of what? What of you're about to stick in your neck. You don't miss much, do you? Whatever floats your boat, right? I came down here looking for a loose bottle, you came down here for... Guess we both just trying to take the edge off, right? Guess so. That's good. Cause I'd hate to think that Lee's new XO can't handle the pressure. Maybe you want to get busted back to peeling potatoes. I hate to think that Lee's favorite pilot wants to find herself scrubbing floors for pilfering ship's stores. You keep my secret, Sir? I'll keep yours. Unconfirmed reports continue to attribute President Roslin's recent miraculous recovery from...</i> I've seen officers happier about a promotion. I am happy, Sir, I am. I guess I just don't know what I've done to deserve it. Don't, Captain. Don't do it. Don't look back. Sometimes, we have to leave people behind, so that we can go on. So that we can continue to fight. Sometimes, we have to do things that we never thought we were capable of, if only to show the enemy our will. Yesterday, you showed me that you are capable of setting aside your fear, setting aside your hesitation, and even your revulsion every natural inhibition that during battle can mean the difference between life and death. When you can be this for as long as you have to be, then you're a razor. This war is forcing us all to become razors because if we don't, we don't survive. And then we don't have the luxury of becoming simply human again. Do you understand me? Good. Well done. Congratulations, Captain. President Roslin's recent executive order</i> outlawing abortion led to a demonstration...</i> Port side hull breaches. Deck 4, frame 12 through 14. Damage control crews are sealing them off now. I'd say that's enough of that. Get the FTL offline. Bring her around. Heading... - 1-6-1, carom 0. - Sir. They're pursuing, Sir. Let's hope they keep it up. Looks like they bought it. Now, let's go get our Raptor crew. Maybe this will be easier than we thought. Guess again, two bandits inbound. Show time, people. Ready? Go, go, go! Enemy target destroyed. All wings regroup and continue pursuit of Battlestar Pegasus. By your Command. Gunny, report. Red squad all accounted for. Speak for yourself, sarge. I'm still counting fingers and toes. Knock it off, Hudson. Red squad, form up on me. Ain't it grand when a plan comes together? Red squad, on my mark. Fire thrusters. Red 1, Pegasus. Red 1, this is Pegasus actual. Report mission and team status. We're in, we were able to access an airlock on one of the radial arms.</i> Proceeding toward the core, no contact, no casualties.</i> Stay frosty, kiddies. No telling how many of those toasters they left watching the house.</i> Shut your yap, Hudson. Maybe we won't have to find out. DaSilva, what do you read on thermals? One heat source. Could be biological. Near the core, but that's all. Wait. I'm picking up three or more signatures.</i> Two of them are pretty weak but they're coming from about 30 meters ahead.</i> Could be our people. Gunny, take point. - Holy frak. - Get them out of there, go! Help us. Get them out of here. Come on! Cylons! Everybody out, now! Let's go! Come on! Man down! They got DaSilva! No! Pegasus, Red 2. Come in, Pegasus. Copy, Red 2 but your signal is weak. Recovered two civilians. One dead, two wounded. Including the XO. We're pinned down, taking heavy fire. Mission out come doubtful. Pegasus, Red 2. Come in, Pegasus. Pegasus. Frak. Captain! Sitrep! We just lost communications. - Cylons must be jamming. - What about the nuke? How's that detonator coming, Mathias? Detonator's fried. Get it working. You want to tell me what the hell that was with DaSilva? Can't let them take any more prisoners, Captain. - You saw what they were doing in there. - Yes, I saw it. Keep trying to resume communications with Red 2. Yes, Sir. Mr. Hoshi. Order nuclear ship-to-ship missile into launch tube 3. Aye, Sir. This is a nuclear mission order. Load ship-to-ship missile into launch tube 3. - What are you doing? - They've been compromised. If we can't regain communications, we have to assume the team's been lost. We have to give them a chance. Commander Adama? - Open launch tube doors. - Open launch tube doors. Major. Watch those corridors, Hudson. Pegasus, Red 2. Come in. Destroying that ship with people on board is a last resort. Like it or not, Admiral, this is no longer a rescue mission. Gods only know what will happen to our people if they're captured. I know what'll happen. I was there. Nukes are loaded, Commander. Release of nuclear weapons is authorized. Disable launch and warhead safeties. Mr. Hoshi, take your launch key. - Put it in the firing lock. - Aye, Sir. Belay that order. I'm not prepared to sacrifice any lives. Not yet. - And if you're wrong? - Then I'll have to live with it. You said it yourself, Admiral. That thing maybe headed toward Earth. If it jumps away, then we'll lose our only hope of taking it out. Sir, jamming's clearing. Receiving a transmission from Red 2. - Put it through on speakers. - Aye, Sir. Launch evac Raptor. Pegasus, this is Red 2. Come in. Pegasus, this is Red 2. Come in. Yes. Red 2, this is Pegasus actual. Starbuck, report. Still pinned down but holding on. Tell me there's a ride waiting for us. On their way, Red 2. The Raiders've broken off their attack. They'll be headed to you any second now. Roger that. It means we're running out of time. Evac Raptor's on its way. They want us to set the nuke and get the hell out. That's gonna be a problem. Remote detonator's definitely shot. - Can you rig a manual trigger? - Probably. Then do it. Do it? - What the hell are you talking about? - We are completing this mission. Am I clear, soldier? Yes, Sir. Red team, Pegasus. Evac ETA two minutes. This is Red 2, give me actual. Red 2, this is actual. What's taking you so long? They're gonna be on you any second. Our nuke's remote detonator is still fried.</i> We're gonna have to cook it off by hand. Red 1 is still down for the count. Witch doesn't give us many options.</i> What are your orders, Sir? We still got a missile in the tube. If that evac bird gets them off, we can still fire this thing off. - Mr. Hoshi. - The Raiders are in their air defense position. You launch anything, they gonna intercept it. Then we have to leave someone behind, arm the warhead manually. That's right. This is your team, son. You make the call. Red 2, this is Pegasus actual. Get the XO, get your men and get to the evac coordinates. Secure your men, then detonate the warhead</i> using the manual trigger. Complete your mission, Captain. Understood. - Sergeant! Get ready to move out. - Yes, Sir. All right, Major, on your feet. We gonna get you out of here. Come on everybody move inside, let's go! Get your suits on. Come on, go, go, go! You too, Major. Let's get... You too, Captain. Leave the nuke, if you don't mind. What the frak are you doing? Completing the mission. Take it. I don't need it anymore. Major. I just gave you an order, soldier. Unless you wanna die, I suggest you obey it. Go. Why? You know damn well why. Put on your suit, you're about to run out of air. It's been an honor, Captain. All this has happened before and will happen again. Come in, Major. I've been waiting for you for a long time.</i> You're what all this is about, aren't you? What are you? What am I? A man. Or am I a machine? My children believe I am a God. Are you... a god? I have seen things, your life, Kendra Shaw, the things you've done... the things you felt you had to do... all leading to this moment. Do you wish to be forgiven, my child. I repeat! We will carry out this order! We will shoot these people! What are we doing, Sir? Sir? Do you wish to be forgiven? - Yes. - Then, come closer. There's something I have to tell you. Come. Kara Thrace will lead the human race to its end. - What? - She is the herald of the Apocalypse. The harbinger of death. They must not follow her. Pegasus, evac Raptor inbound. Extraction complete. Clear of Baseship.</i> Raptor is on its way back, Sir. They have Starbuck aboard. Major Shaw stayed behind. Starbuck? Actual. This is Red 1. Come in. - Red 1, this is Pegasus Actual. Report. - Commander? I've gotta warn you. It's Captain Thrace. - Red 1, report! - They're jamming us again, Sir. - Red 1, this is Actual, come in! - We lost her. Actual. Come in. Actual. As my own existence comes to a close, only to begin a new, in ways... uncertain. You're scared, aren't you, my little frakker? You should be. All this has happened before. And will happen again. Again. You wanted to see me, Admiral. Thank you for coming in. Starbuck was here a little earlier. She's recommended major Shaw for a posthumous commendation. She wasn't looking for medals. No, she wasn't. But I've been going through Cain's logs, and from a tactical perspective, it's hard to find a fault in anything that she did, or that Kendra did. They butchered innocent civilians, Dad. Come on. How can you ignore that? I know that I didn't have to face any of the situations that she did. I had the President in my face, arguing for the survival of the civilian fleet, I had colonel Tigh to keep me honest, balancing my morality and my tactics, and I had you. Now... you don't have any children, so you might not understand this, but you see yourself reflected in their eyes. And there are some things that I thought of doing, with this fleet. But I stopped myself because I knew that I'd have to face you the following day. If you hadn't been in CIC, I would have ordered that strike. Kara would be dead, so would the rest of the team. You did nothing wrong, neither did I. We both made decisions that we had to, to accomplish our missions. Yeah. Cain. Kendra. Were they wrong? And if I believed in the Gods, I'd say they'd be judged by a high power. But since you don't believe... Then history will have to make its judgments. And since history's first draft will be written in our logs... Well, I guess I've got some writing to do. Think about that commendation. Yeah, I will. Not a lot to show for a life, huh? I guess not. Do you have any idea why she did it? Maybe she thought she had a lot to answer for. Maybe she had it coming... We've all got it coming. You might as well hear this from me. I've asked to be reassigned to Galactica. Any reason? You might say that I've a beef with my commanding officer. And... what's that? That mother-frakker keeps trying to get me killed. Well, you ever think you might deserve it? Speak for yourself, Lee, I... have a destiny. I had my palm read by a Cylon, remember? A destiny, right? You better believe it. So I guess, you