- It's possible. It's labor intensive. Lotta grunt work but we should be able to upgrade the jump drives of the entire fleet with Cylon technology. Not gonna be easy to sell the Quorum on this one. Question has been called. All in favor. All opposed. The vote is 11 to 1. Motion carries. No Cylon will board a ship in this fleet without permission of its people. Ten of our ships refuse a direct order from the flagship. Another 12 won't even respond to our hails. That's not illegal. Jump drive upgrades is a military decision. And you alone get to make that determination? Yes, Mr. Gaeta. Do you have a problem with that? Tylium ship's pulling out of formation. They're spinning up their FTL drives. Hitei Kan has jumped away. Taking all our fuel with them. You think I know where the tylium ship is? I know that you do. Hitei Kan, this is Athena. Stand by to be boarded. The world is frakked. It's upside down and somebody's gotta turn it right side up. - Are you that man? - I'm one of them. - I need a partner. - You've got one. Every revolution begins with one small act. Somebody close that hatch. Let's talk. It's fresh. You want a cup? Ever since they started grinding it out of algae I've lost the taste. We got three more civilian captains pitching fits, refusing to allow the Cylon engineers on board. I thought we settled that 2 days ago. Well, the tylium ship didn't get the message. They're screamin' bloody murder to anyone who'll listen, claiming they're being illegally seized by our marines. I'm tired of this. Go to Lee. Tell the Quorum that if they don't get their ships in line, they can all share a blanket in Zarek's cell. - I'll make the call, but... - Smells good. Hello, Colonel. - Madam President. - How's it going? You were saying, Saul? It's just... Given the fleet's mood toward Cylons... You might not want me taking point on this. I'll be up there in a minute. Mr. Vice President. Rumors are already starting to spread. Good luck keeping the lid on. The fleet's the least of my worries. You're clear, sir. Connor called in. We're good to go with the small arms locker. - C deck? - Narcho and Paley. They're all over it. Move out, Corporal. Our biggest problem is still the Quorum. You can isolate them for a few hours, but... They'll huff and puff, but reality will trump their sense of duty soon enough, with one exception. - We've been through this. - He's a wild card. Talkin' about the Admiral's son. Well, push his buttons. I hear you're good at that. The Colonel's right, you know. The fleet has never been comfortable with this blanket Cylon amnesty. This coffee is terrible. Siccing Lee on the Quorum is only gonna be seen as a shot across the bow. He can hedge it all he wants, but the delegates will see it comes - straight from you. - Well, Lee can handle it. Yes, he can, and so can you. And I'm not getting involved. So he can take care of himself and you can take care of yourself... And I am not getting pulled back in. Yeah. The legendary Adama silence. I can see right through it. This passive-aggressive pretense that you are okay if I don't get involved. I don't do passive-aggressive. Yes, you do. You just don't know that's what it is. Well... Get some rest. - Rest ? - I'll try to make it home for supper. I'll have it ready. Cantrell's the key. Tell Lee. If he can get to Cantr... I'm not. Son of a bitch! I got a fuel leak over here! Frakkin' spark will blow the whole place. You guys. I need all of you to clear the deck now. Now! Sitrep, Lieutenant. Raptor's transponder's down for the count, and LSO's good to go. What the hell? What are you doing? This ship's on hold for an emergency medical transport, not some bogus, VIP shuttle. Sorry,, I assumed the LSO called it in. This bird's been cleared for launch. No, I didn't get the order. New mission takes priority. The admiral believes that Zarek may have an attempt on his life here on Galactica. Given the Vice President's controversial status, he's being transferred to Colonial One. All right. Soon as I confirm it with CIC. You have confirmation. Laird... The Admiral doesn't want this leaking out. I'm sorry I can't take your word for it. Well, good riddance. Frakker's been up Adama's ass since he transferred in from Pegasus. - He won't be the last. - Get on that ship. - Not yet. - I need you... I know what you need. I also know a little about revolution, Mr. Gaeta. Success doesn't hinge on some grand operatic ideal or the will of the people. It hangs in the cumulative moments, each one building on the next, and it could be lost with the slightest hesitation. I started this, and I'll see it through. Now get on that frakkin' ship. BATTLESTAR GALACTICA Season 4 - Episode 12 Subtitles -=( Lords of Kobol )=- Colonel Tigh, sitrep. Cap is out. Dradis shows no enemy contacts. Fleet's still jacked up on Zarek's anti-Cylon bull. Lee's giving the Quorum a shove, but it'd take a cavity search to find the backbone in that sorry bunch. I'm showing a launch, but we don't have anything listed in the flight log. Laird probably rescheduled and it didn't make it into the system. See if you can find the update. I've got Nowart rounding up every marine that can still pull a trigger. So if you get fed up playing chicken with these bastards, say the word. Hitei Kan was a special case. We have to shoot up every ship we go into, you can kiss this alliance goodbye. Nothing. I better call down to the deck just to make sure. Yeah, hold up. Is that your launch? Because I'm not seeing a squawk code. Is there a problem? We've got an unidentified contact off the flight deck. No transponder ID. I'm thinking dradis ghost. Last thing I need. Four years without a pit stop. Equipment's sketchy as hell. Mr. Gaeta, order a full diagnostic on dradis. Yes, sir, right away. Order, order! I remind you once again that Mr. Zarek was taken into custody because he was agitating against a lawful order. Now, these Cylon FTL drives are essential if the fleet is going to move on. Mr. Vice President. Don't look so surprised, Lee. Even your father knows when he's holding a losing hand. I'll take it. Yeah, I used to be pretty good at this game. Oh, yeah? Makin' the shot. Winnin' the big game. Can't believe that used to matter to me. That life back in the Colonies... It's like a dream to me now. And the further away we get... Gods, I remember you and me back at Joe's bar, slammin' drinks, shootin' pyramid. Those were good times. They were, weren't they? I really... I really thought there was somethin' between us, you know? And when that didn't happen, I wondered, "Was it me?" - No, Diana, I was... - You know, now I'm thinkin' no. Maybe it was somethin' else. Some Cylon thing. Your programming. Gods, I know it's been months, but I just can't let it go. Cool it! Save it! We got him. Save it. Private Jaffe. Log this. Yes, sir. I'm getting a fire warning on deck C near the main antenna array. Order the damage control team to C deck. Have them report back to me with their assessment ASAP. Yes, sir. Admiral, if the wireless array goes down, we could lose communications across the fleet. Given our current situation, I'm thinking this fire might not be an accident. Zarek's true believers would have a field day if we went dark. Very well. Have the marine fire unit accompany the DC party and prepare an evacuation of all personnel from C deck. Yes, sir. Look at you, the proud papa. When I named you Hotdog, I sure as hell got that right. - Knock it off. - Come on, don't be shy. There had to have been other conquests for the great Brendan Constanza. And you frakked half the fleet. What do you have to show for it? Attention... Fire in compartment C. Evacuate sections 29 through 42. Narcho. You heard the alarm, Captain. Evac the area. I'm in charge here. Since when did they put pilots in charge of damage control? - Hey, I'm talkin'... - Take your frakkin' hands off me. Gods. Nobody even knows what you are anymore. Son of a bitch. Grab as much as you can carry and get up to the hangar deck. You, take those four people on D deck. Anybody asks any questions, you tell 'em it's routine, Admiral's orders. Gaeta, CIC. This is Starbuck, get me the Admiral now. He's busy, Captain. Gods damn it, we've got civilians arming themselves down here! Gaeta, CIC. This is Lee Adama. Get my father on the line. I'm sorry, Lee, we're having a bit of an emergency right now. Is it serious? Nothing damage control can't handle, but you know the Admiral. Yeah, well, I thought I did. Well, maybe you can help. Do you have any idea why Tom Zarek was released? Released, when? That's just perfect. He tells me to threaten the delegates,</i> then he blindsides me by giving Zarek a pass. Doesn't make sense to me either. As soon as your father gets back, I'll be sure that he knows you called. Problems on the home front? I have to say, Lee, you don't seem particularly happy to see me. I'm glad you're out. My father overreached when he had you arrested. But I hope you changed your mind about the Cylon FTLs. We need those drives. At least the Admiral thinks we do. Problem with you is that you're tryin' to have it both ways. Honor thy father or be true to your oath as the Caprican representative. At some point the two don't mix. Do you know why he released me? Because I'm only a threat if he recognizes a civilian authority. Afraid our experiment in democracy is about to end. Adama entertained it until now because of Roslin. But since she abdicated the throne... He wouldn't do that. Really? Because he did it before. Tell me, what excuse did he give this time when he refused to take your call? - You're leaving. - For Galactica, to prove you wrong. Sir, we just lost communications ship-wide. - Switch to secondaries. - They're a no-go. Backups are down as well. And the fire seems to be escalating. I'm seeing cascading system failures across the board. Main antenna and backup both down at the same time? With comms down, the damage control team has no way of relaying the status of the fire. Galactica, come in, Galactica, come in.</i> Galactica, do you read? So you're tryin' to tell me that all communications are still out? What the hell's being done... Whatever this is about, you're making a big mistake. Oh, sure, we're confused. Maybe we should have a trial, sort it all out. After four years of fighting with those Cylon things, did you really think you could make a deal with them? So where are your precious Cylons now? Take it from someone who died once, it's no fun. - Let him go. - Frak you. I could do this all day. Who's next? Racetrack? Connor? Let him go. All right, we need to get the hell outta here. Kara, now. Follow me. - Please. - Ah, Gods! Hang on, Buddy. Hang on, you're gonna be all right. I know, it tastes kinda yucky. I'll get more sugar next time in the galley, okay? Okay. Sharon, you better get her finished up and down to day care. - I don't know, just grab Hera... - In here! Go ahead, Captain, grab for it! Okay, easy, easy. You want me, fine, just leave them out of it. Get her outta here, move! Remember me, big man? From Pegasus? You and that toaster Tyrol wasted my friend Thorne. We didn't want that to happen. You had a choice but you backed the skin-job over your own kind. And to prove how messed up it was, instead of showin' you the airlock, your Cylon-loving Admiral promoted you to CAG. - Frak you. - Sorry. I'm savin' myself for your sweet, toaster wife. Skulls, Racetrack? Gods, I flew with them. Semper frakkin' fi. Damn it. Way Connor was talkin', they got people ready to move on every deck. The hangar deck's just a beachhead. They want the ship. - Zarek played me just right. - Must've made some new friends. Yeah, with a hell of a lot of firepower. Vipers, Raptors, gun batteries. You know, we can't do this alone. Right now, all we can count on is you and me. Take a breath, Lee. Feels good bein' alive, doesn't it? What was that? Feelin' right for the first time in weeks. Okay, Kara, my dad. Where is he? He was in CIC when communications crapped out. CIC's protected. He won't give up without a fight. The President? Don't know. - All right, come with me. - Go. What do they have down there, a forest fire? Where the frak are my damage reports? Admiral, sensors are still showing red, but these trace gas readings don't make any sense. They're normal. If something was burnin' down there, the carbon monoxide levels would be spikin' through the roof. If the fire's compromised our sensors, it's possible our readings are suspect. With communications out, we have no way of verifying anything. All I know is I'm tired of being blind. Private Jaffe. Double-time it down to C deck. Check in with the damage control team, get their reports, and haul ass back. Yes, sir. Drop him. See you real soon. Carl. They're going to kill us. Sam? Can you give me something to stop the bleeding? All right. Don't you see? Our children represent everything that the humans hate. With resurrection gone, the thought that the Cylon race could survive through natural procreation terrifies them. Enough. You're scaring her. Right now, they need us alive... To use as bargaining chips against the rebel Cylons. Especially you. Look, if you're expecting some grand wisdom, you can forget it. I don't have any more answers than you do. You might wanna keep that to yourself. No, they're coming down. We're headed toward 'em right now. We can't hold 'em off. Come on, hurry! Out here! We need more ammo! Admiral, I checked the array. The equipment's been jury-rigged... Sergeant of the guards, get your marines in here! Nobody gets in or out! What the hell are you doing? What is this? Admiral! Hold your fire! Cease fire! Hold your fire! Nobody fires without my order! Admiral! Get your staff to stand down. - You son of a bitch! - Stand down, Colonel! Everyone! Stand down! - You killed this boy. - Admiral Adama, I am removing you from command of this ship. I am taking you into custody on the charge of treason. You swore an oath when you put that uniform on. You pledged to defend this ship and her crew. You swore the same allegiance. What happened to your oath? For seven years, I have done my frakking job and for what? To take orders from a Cylon? To let machines network our ship? No, you... You are not the leader that you were when we started. You're just a sad, old man that has let his heart and his affection for a Cylon cloud his judgment. I want you all to understand this! If you do this... there will be no forgiveness. No amnesty. This boy... died honoring his uniform. You... You'll die with nothing. Sergeant of the guards, take the senior staff, put them in a holding cell, place Admiral Adama and Colonel Tigh under arrest. Do it! - Sir... - Don't touch me! Please, sir. Take him. This isn't right. Where are the guards? - Madam President, you all right? - I'm fine. Get inside. There's been an uprising. I'm not sure how many of the crew are involved. It is widespread. Your father must know about this. Can't the marines stop it? There should've been marines outside that hatchway. Madam President, we are in danger of losing this ship. Oh, my Gods. Bill... Yeah, I don't know. Without comm, we can't get through to CIC. But it is bigger than Galactica. Zarek's already back on Colonial One. He wants the presidency. Of course. Frakking Zarek. He always had dangerous ideas. It's not too late to stop this. Address the fleet, call for calm. - The people will listen to you. - I'll do whatever it takes. And I will not allow Tom Zarek to assume the presidency under any circumstances. I have an idea about the wireless. Sir, intercom's up. I'm getting multiple reports of gunfire near the engine room. Order Redwing to move in with marines. I want that area secured. Specialist Gage... Stay with us. Stack a heavy pile right here. Stop them from gettin' in that door. Come on, people, faster's better. They could show up at anytime. You understand I have no desire to leave you. No desire at all. But I have to go. If they're coming for anyone, they're coming for me. - And you'll all be safer. - No, it's our fault, Gaius, because we can't protect you and I am so sorry for that. Your transport will be here soon. I want you to take this. And I want you to know that we will pray for you and for your safe return, okay? I'm deeply... Right. Okay, okay. Mr. Tyrol? You are absolutely certain that it's imperative I leave? Look, I only know what Jeanne saw. The hangar deck's gone. CIC and weapons are next. And then nobody's safe here. Hang on. Right, right. So we should be getting out of here soon... - Go. - And getting hold of some weapons, no? Because... Jeanne, I don't want the statue. You can keep the statue. You keep the statue. Clear. - Madam President, wait... - It's all right. They know who I am. I need to speak to Dr. Baltar. No, you're not welcome in here. I got this. Go ahead. - Go on. - I need to see Baltar. There's somethin' you need to know. I got people all over the ship givin' me information. The Admiral was just led away from the CIC. - Where to? - No idea. My guess would be the brig. Don't trust the ship's comm systems. We're using these. The hangar deck's lost to us. If you get your father to the secondary storage bay within the hour, - I'll get him off the ship. - I'll handle the fleet, go. Galen... Why? Old man deserves a better fate than what he'll get from them. Go find your father, Lee. It's Nowart, isn't it? - That's right, sir. - I thought I remembered you. Marine. You put it on the line when we took New Caprica. Got pretty hairy down there, sir. Screw the war stories. I remember you too, Maldonado. Big mouth, not much of a soldier. It doesn't matter. Because when this is over, there's gonna be a reckoning. And live or die, it's how you act today that's gonna matter. So what's it gonna be, Nowart? Admiral, don't do this. I'll be damned if I'm gonna let a guy like you run me off my own ship. You wanna shoot? Go on. Let's see if you got a pair. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Put your hands behind your back. You all right, Saul? I'll live. What about him? I think... we'll take him with us. Go. But obviously I have to get back as quickly...</i> Going somewhere? Yes, matter of fact, I am. They consider it to be a precautionary measure. Sensible... Given the delicate nature of the fleet. Very sensible, considering the fleet's tearing itself to pieces right now. Have you come to pray? No, I have something more tangible in mind. There is a chance that we can avoid more bloodshed if I address the fleet and reassure them the Cylons mean no harm. Your faith in your oratorical skills is impressive. And I'd love to help, but unfortunately, communication down here, just as dodgy as... I know you have a wireless. You've been using it to communicate with you flock all these months. It's a trick, Gaius. I wish it were. She's afraid of your teachings. She will take the wireless... All right, okay, Paulla... Thank you. She's got a point, hasn't she? I mean, if you can convince the fleet, why can't you convince her? The thing is that I never really believed in your conversion, so I was counting on your well-honed sense of self-preservation. I'm so sick of your insinuations. I recall your sudden allegiance to the priestess Elosha and the scrolls of Pythia the last time your political fortunes were in doubt. Tell me, how is that working out for you now? If it makes you happy, maybe we're both frauds and this is our last chance to atone. Civilians are trying to barricade the aft supply hold. I'm on it. Gaeta wants us to back up Redwing in the engine room. They got four civvies down, but there's still some holdouts, so we're gonna need some more firepower. Where were you taking us? The brig. Gaeta wants all essential personnel and Cylons held... Might see some friendly faces there. Get up. Sir, ships' captains are calling. They wanna know why Galactica's not responding to their hails. Put 'em up on speaker. All of it. And then get me a scrambled line to Tom Zarek. - <i>We're unable to reach Galactica.</i> - <i>Admiral Adama, do you read?</i> - <i>Are they going to jump away?</i> - <i>Who's in charge of Galactica?</i> - <i>Can't trust Admiral Adama.</i> - <i>Any vessel in communication with Co...</i> I have Colonial One. Mr. Zarek, I've taken command of Galactica. The Admiral and his staff are in custody.</i> - Adama's still alive? - <i>You sound disappointed.</i> It's a loose end. I'm sure you have your reasons. Still, congratulations are in order. With the future of the fleet at stake you've done a very courageous thing.</i> We can fine-tune our rationalizations later. I'm still bringing communications back online. - <i>And the fleet's in an uproar.</i> - Don't worry. They'll fall in line. - <i>Especially after I shower them...</i> - <i>Women and men of the fleet,</i> - <i>this is your President.</i> - What the frak? We have come to a crossroads in our long and painful journey.</i> Tom, are you hearing this? Turn on your wireless. Of all the decisions that I have... Where's this coming from? ... the presidency, none was more frightening or more difficult than agreeing to this alliance with the Cylons. But we have come to a crossroads in our long and painful journey. Cylons and humans have been at war for generations. We know nothing else. And we have been locked in a struggle that has seen both sides suffer unspeakable loss. With our supplies running low and our options limited, our former enemies may represent our last,</i> perhaps our only hope. To those in the fleet... Find that frequency, Gage. ... who would reject this alliance, I am asking you...</i> Isolate the signal! - I don't know how to. - Gods damn it. No, I am begging you to reconsider and place your trust back in those who have brought you this far, and to reject those traitors who would use your fear of the Cylons to destroy colonial civilization... - President Roslin, do you read? - Galactica, do you read?</i> Sir. It's the Vice President. I couldn't get near the brig. Even if he is in there... - What's goin' on? - Let's go. It's all right, Lee. We're all right. Thank Gods. What the hell is this? - Easy. He's our prisoner. - Starbuck. - Lower your weapon. - They've taken over the ship. If you want it back, this is the only way. We don't have time to take prisoners. Get outta my face. Move! They are not your men anymore. They are the enemy. 10 H 21 - SECONDARY STORAGE BAY Who would've thought? You probably knew him better than anyone back on New Caprica. Well, obviously his loyalties were divided even back then. We both made rather bad choices when it comes to our presidential aides-de-camp wouldn't you say? 10 H 23 - WASTE WATER STORAGE How many men do you think Gaeta has? - Enough. - Hold up here. Middle of this mess, you really think Tyrol's found a way off the ship? You tell me. He's one of yours. - You got a problem? - Yeah, I got a problem. Your people annihilated the human race. No, let the great statesman talk. You wanna know why Tom Zarek's got so much clout in this fleet? When you get past the arrogance, he's right. We can pretend to put it behind us, exchange lofty words about an alliance, - but if survival has come to that. - It's all we've got. Now, calm down. It's all they left us. Secondary storage airlock this way. Let's go. CIC. What? It's Baltar. - What do you want, Gaius? - What do I want? I want this to stop... now. Right now. This is madness. This doesn't become, you know. Treason.</i> Or whatever they're gonna call it when this thing is through. I know you,</i> Felix. I know you're a good man. You're an honorable man. You wanna do the right thing. Even your failings have been understandable.</i> What, like serving in your corrupt administration? You know exactly what I'm talking about.</i> Our little secret. Sealed with a very special pen. But I forgive you for that, Felix. I'm telling you... If you are hungry for redemption, this is not the way.</i> - Goodbye, Gaius. - Felix, please, listen to... What's Raptor 6-1-9's mission? Transporting human crew from the Cylon baseship. They should have called the LSO by now. They're not headed for the hangar deck. We're ready. It's good to see you, Mr. Tyrol. Forgot this place was down here. Everybody did. Got trashed during New Caprica, but I brought it back online for this. I came here because I don't want you to worry about me. And I know what you have to do. This is section 12, copy. Go. Marine fire team just went past. Looks like they're comin' your way.</i> You got 2 minutes. Take them back the way we came. You go with them, Colonel. Come too far to walk out on you now, Bill. - What are you doing, sir? - Colonel and I are gonna make sure that the President's Raptor gets outta here safely. Initiating launch sequence. Open it. Admiral, Madam President, please. Let's move it. Get it open. Prepare to launch. Raptor just took off from an aft airlock. They're not responding. - Gage, who's on CAP? - I got Hotdog, Narcho... Get me Narcho on a wireless. Scramble frequency. What are your orders? Arm all weapons. Engage the target and destroy. You coulda gone over with her. I couldn't have lived with it. Come on! Let's go! It's been an honor to have served with you, my friend.