Find the way to Earth. Kara, I'm alone. This is not an attack. - <i>I knew I'd find you.</i> - Leoben? I'm here to offer a truce between human and Cylon</i> and a chance for you to complete your journey.</i> The Hybrid. You need to go to her, Kara. She'll tell you the way to get to Earth. We're done here. Get him out of here. We're ready to jump back on your order. - We're not going back to the fleet. - Captain Thrace, as XO of the Demetrius, I'm hereby relieving you of command. You son of a bitch. Gaeta, abort the jump! I'll take Leoben to the baseship, see if his story checks out. We'll be waiting till the clock runs out. Looks like he wasn't lying about a civil war. This is it. The comet. It's the ship! Thus will it come to pass. You are the harbinger of death, Kara Thrace. You will lead them all to their end. - Cylon baseship. - Demetrius, Athena.</i> - The baseship is ours. - Then let's go home. Now I have learned from unimpeachable sources that President Laura Roslin has for some time now</i> been sharing hallucinogenic visions with two Cylons within our fleet: one, Sharon Agathon, sent on the classified Demetrius mission, and the other, a Cylon prisoner being held aboard the Galac... - It's not that easy, Madam President. - No? You should try it sometime. Most of the population has heard that broadcast. I would assume that's the point. Look, I take no pleasure in putting this before you. They practically had to push me through that door. I'm sure you're happy to stay. I can't put one foot in front of another without someone blocking my path asking me what the hell is going on! - For the welfare of the fleet... - Excuse me. As long as I am in this office, the welfare of this fleet is not something you need to worry about. You owe the people a response. I owe the people? That's what I believe. What if your beliefs were called into question? - Madam President... - Up is down. Black is white. Scripture is fiction. Home is thin air instead of solid ground, etcetera. I'm really sorry for everything you've had to endure. I really am. But the people, they deserve a response. - Do they? - Is there any truth to this broadcast? And what would you do if I told you the truth? What if it were you instead of me and all that's left of humanity has just been told that you are sharing visions with the enemy? What would you do, Mr. Adama? Would you think that the Gods were testing you? So Baltar is telling the truth? Is it true? Yes. Demetrius reports their sys ops will be synced with ours in 5 minutes. When you came knocking and asked for our help, you gave away the future of all the Cylons here, you know that? - I gave it to the right person. - Save it. No guarantees. When we meet up with the fleet, I don't know if they'll feed you or frak you. Since you've been calling the plays up till now, I'm assuming you're doing the talking. Good. Gods help us. Sys ops of both vessels are synced. We're as ready as we're ever gonna be. Good. Tell the Demetrius to set the board to green. Unless both ships jump in together, Galactica will blow us out of the sky. Demetrius, Athena. Set your board to green. Athena, Demetrius. Starting to green. Let's run the horn, guys. - Sublight. - Go. - Helm. - Go. - Tactical. - Go. Nav. Go. FTL. Spun up. Go. Athena, Demetrius. Board is green. I was just thinking how beautiful she must be. Your daughter, Hera. - How do you know her name? - We all know her name. You were blessed. All right, everyone. Let's go home. Demetrius, Athena. Execute jump. Clock is running. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, jump. We had a problem with the sync points and the jump coordinates. It'll take a few minutes to spool up the FTL drive again. Gods damn it! All hands. Battle stations! Set condition one throughout the fleet! Launch alert five. Get me some more frakkin' birds in the air! Gun batteries stand by for target bearing! Demetrius, Athena. Report. Demetrius, Athena. Report. Baseship bearing 3-3 carom 4-9-8 at 15 MSU. Frakkin' thing is sitting right on top of us. M. Hoshi, order the fleet to make an emergency jump! All colonial vessels jump immediately to emergency rendez-vous coordinates. The President's shuttle is en route. Tell them to land on landing bay 1. Checkers green. Galactica, Athena. Last jump must've cooked the wireless. We've got no com. They can't hear us. Frak. Galactica's scrambling Vipers. They're going to shoot us down. What the frak? Eight vipers inbound. Entering firing range. Where the hell is the Demetrius? - Baseship targeted. Weapons free. - Something isn't right. Gunnery reporting firing solution correct. Main battery standing by to fire on your command. On my command. Three, two, - one. - Weapons hold! Dradis contact! Galactica, Demetrius, do not fire. Baseship is disarmed and under colonial command.</i> Officers aboard. Demetrius, Galactica. Authenticate. Galactica, Demetrius. I authenticate. Bravo, Tango, 8. Do not fire. Starbuck and Athena have control of the baseship.</i> BATTLESTAR GALACTICA Season 4 - Episode 7 Sous-titres - =( Team Lords of Kobol )= - Transcript - =( Swsub.com )= - - =( Team Lords of Kobol )= - Move, move, move! Colonel, they're with me. They're with you? So which one of them shot Gaeta? Lieutenant Gaeta, stay with us. Prep an IV. All right, everybody. Stand back. Get a cut down tray in here right now. We became divided according to models. The Twos, Eights, and Sixes have come to believe that our destiny lies in seeking out the Final Five. The Ones, Fours, and Fives violently opposed such action. We know that there are seven different models of Cylons. You only mentioned six. The Threes. The D'Annas. They were boxed after the battle on the algae planet. Boxed? Her entire line was punitively deactivated. Her consciousness placed in a boxing facility. Why? D'Anna saw the faces of the Final Five, which was forbidden. But if we unbox her, she can reveal their identities to us. The Final Five have been to Earth. If we help find them, they can help us get there. Our ship can heal itself. But most of our Raiders were destroyed in the ambush. We're asking for your help here. We can't do it alone. What could possibly motivate us to trust you now? What have you got? The boxing facility resides within the Cylon resurrection hub. This hub controls the functions of every resurrection ship in existence. It protects itself by periodically jumping to a new set of coordinates and then relaying them back to the baseship. Madam President, you asked for a reason to help us. Vengeance. You destroy the hub, Cylons lose their ability to download. All of us. Why would you be willing to lose your ability to resurrect? We're rebels. We can't go back. What matters most to us is being with the Five. D'Anna will be able to identify them. We'll take you to the hub if you help us unbox D'Anna. Give us the coordinates of the hub first. No, I won't do that. I said we would take you there. Take her out. We're finished. Wait. Is your word good, Admiral? I'll give you the coordinates. But I want your word. Stand down. You have my word. Once their identities are revealed and we come back here, we'll be free to leave your fleet with the Five. Yes. They're here with you. The Final Five are in your fleet. That's why our Raiders turned back the attack in the nebula. The weapons hold. How the frak did you see that? To be absolutely honest with you, Bill, I didn't. What can I say? We got lucky. Well, let's get a Raptor up to those coordinates that that Cylon gave us. - Maybe we can get lucky again. - Sir. Tigh. Thank you. Lords of Kobol, shield your eyes. Get it with the gun camera. Hit override. Kinda pretty, isn't it? Tell it to the fleet. No. No. Don't put me under. Please. Just... just numb everything. Felix. Just do it. I don't want to wake up... I don't want to wake up with my leg gone. Okay, son. If we go in on our own horse, we won't last five minutes. But we go in with that baseship, nobody's gonna notice us for awhile. What do we fight with? Their Raiders are frakked. We don't use theirs. We use ours. - Take half the Viper wing. - Half the wing? Yes. We'll sneak them in on the rebel baseship. Hoshi did some calculations from Racetrack's photos. We take out the FTL, the hub's stranded. We blow the hub and billions of skin jobs lose their bath privileges. Imagine. Once they're gone, they can't come back. Mortal enemies. Before we blow the hub, we need to get a team in to unbox D'Anna. Well, now, maybe we just don't. Maybe we just forget the Gods damn boxing facility. - Lie to the rebels. - Well, they're lying to us. The skin jobs said their Raiders won't fight because the Final Five is here? We tangled with those slit-eyed black bastards for three years now, and they haven't turned back before. Why now? What if they're telling the truth? What if the Final Five are here? The Five could know the way to Earth. If they knew, they're not gonna lead us there after we've just destroyed their resurrection capacity. Maybe they're different, like the rebels. What if they're not? What if their sole purpose is to destroy us? I say we blow the whole Gods damn thing to dust... lock, stock, and barrel... and trust the President's vision, her scriptures, her way to Earth. Why don't we split the difference? Unbox D'Anna and find the Five. Keep the 5 till we get to Earth. Turn them over to the rebels. They've waited this long. It'll be on our terms. It's all pie in the sky, gentlemen, until we know what's true and what's not. And we put a lid on it. The real plan stays in this room. If the plan gets leaked to the Cylons, all bets are off. Have someone escort the rebel leader back to her baseship so she can inform her people they have a deal. "In 36 hours, the Colonies will unite forces "with insurgent rebel Cylons "and their leader "in an unprecedented joint military operation "to destroy the Cylons' ability to download "into..." Blah blah blah. Why weren't we consulted? I'm sorry. I'm in the dark as much as all of you. You know, if they unbox the D'Annas, at least we'll find out who the fifth one is. All that's gonna do is crowd the airlock a little more. Do you think they're gonna give you a medal when they find out who you are? What about you? He sings, you know. - What? - Gaeta. Whenever he feels the tingling, whenever he feels his phantom leg. Cottle says it helps him get through it. He sings. Good morning. Morning. What is it about the Galactica that gives you such a glow? I come over here, it's like I'm going from one dungeon to the next. Oh, I hadn't noticed. But thank you. - You ready? - Yes. I want you to find out who's behind the shared vision rumors. Who's talking to him? - With Baltar? - You're sleeping with him, right? Don't. I've just been informed that you've been spotted down there enough times to be a charter member of his nymph squad. All right. I have come to believe in Baltar's spiritual message. I don't know how or why. It just happened. I wish you knew how many times I wanted to tell you. Your friendship and your trust - means... - Frak. Clearly my friendship and trust mean frak. And I don't really care if you have to spend the night on your knees praying or just on your knees. I want a name. I want to know who's responsible for these lies. Madam President. Laura, I am so sorry. You have a job to do. The humans are never going to allow us to have the Final 5 and go our own way. Are you sure of this? Not entirely. I'd rather be wrong. But we need insurance. Trust has to begin somewhere. Not with us. It's our ship. When we jump, we take control of it with the Centurions. We carry out the mission as promised. But when we return, we take hostages. The humans on this ship stay on this ship until we have the Five. Look at me. We've changed, but the humans haven't. We've come too far to risk everything on their trust. What a way to discover such a beautiful voice, huh? How'd you find me? - Your chief of staff. - Needs to be horsewhipped. If you came down here to kiss my ass to get information, save your breath. The Quorum's considering a vote of no confidence against you. I won't compromise the success of this operation or the safety of this fleet to indulge the neediness of twelve perpetually unhappy representatives. I can't. I was with them on the emergency jump. And I saw something in the faces of the delegates. It wasn't the anxiety from waiting. It went beyond that. I was anxious. It was my first time. But they... They were empty. The Quorum had given up. And then it struck me that after going through the same routine so many times, it was the only way that they could cope with the uncertainty. To presume the worst. You felt their suffering. Now try holding their lives in balance every day. Talk to them. No need to tell them everything. I know how it works. Just talk to the Quorum. Let them put a face to this joint mission. Let them hear from the Cylon leader. Anything. Anything to put their fears to rest. What's the matter? Nothing. Nothing at all. We've been lying here doing nothing. What? You've been lying about the President sharing visions with Cylons. That happens to be the God's honest truth. Sorry. I can't accept what you've done. What I've done? What have I... What are... - Where's this coming from? - These rumors you've started. I've seen what they've done to her. You seriously believe that I'm making all this up? I am not saying I'm not capable, but why would I? Six revealed it. Caprica Six revealed them to me through my attorney in the last days of my trial, when a guilty verdict was a certainty. I suppose I could've gone public. - Caused a stir. - And all this time, you kept quiet. I'm not saying I'm a saint, Tory. I'm many things. But I try not to be spiteful. Got no bloodlust to go get her. But she's a hypocrite. The lies. The secret missions. Co-opting the rhetoric of patriotism to keep everyone in the dark, including you. That's rather worrying, isn't it? So I had to speak. The truth is, no good ever comes from concealing it. I've got a broadcast. I didn't come here to beg or plead or apologize or to keep my job. You know me better than that. And I didn't come here to create sympathy by parading my illness in front of you. On the contrary, there are some that probably believe that along with my cancer and drugs, I have inoculated myself against compassion. That is a joke. I am here because I want to tell you face to face that I believe in this mission and what it means for our future. I'm here to profess my trust in our new allies. I'm here to ask you to listen. I'm here to ask for your support. Bring her in. In our civil war, we've seen death. We've watched our people die. Gone forever. As terrible as it was, beyond the reach of the resurrection ships, something began to change. We could feel a sense of time, as if each moment held its own significance. We began to realize that for our existence to hold any value, it must end. To live meaningful lives, we must die and not return. The one human flaw that you spend your lifetimes distressing over, mortality, is the one thing... Well, it's the one thing that makes you whole. I believe it was no accident that we were found by Kara Thrace. It was destiny. She asked me to leave my people, and I accepted. No matter what the sacrifice even if it should mean my death... ... it come to pass. The dying leader shall know the truth of the opera house.</i> You are the harbinger of death, Kara Thrace.</i> Our destiny. Our future begins here. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak. Take her out. Hera! Hera? Bye-bye. I gotta hand it to you. If you are a Cylon, that was a great plan. Dangle yet another way to Earth. Throw in the hub, the Final Five, and the real kicker, put the Final Five on the fleet. Even I couldn't pass that one up. You are having those visions, aren't you? Thus shall it come to pass. The dying leader shall know the truth of the opera house. What did you say? - Thus shall it come to pass. - The opera house. The dying leader shall know the truth of the opera house. Where did... Where did you hear that? Who told you that? The Hybrid from the baseship, before they unplugged it. The Hybrid. How does the Hybrid know what's in my dream? I wish I knew. This has got to stop. These visions. I've got to find out about these visions. I've got to know. Will you help me? Yes. Find Captain Agathon. When I spoke to the quorum, I could feel it. - The contempt. - You were right. They're not ready to trust us. No, I was wrong. We're not ready. We're deceiving them. For protection. For necessity. Out of suspicion and fear. Why haven't the Final Five come forward? What if they're watching, judging us on our actions? We're about to resort to violence and coercion. What if they refuse to come with us? We can't do this. It's too late. We have to order the Centurions to stand down. It's too late. They're committed. Then we have to tell the humans the truth. No. You can't do that. They'll never trust us again. They already know the coordinates. They'll just go destroy everything. Go. Stall for time. Talk to Adama. Tell them anything. Anything but the truth. I'll deal with the Centurions. Of course. Have a seat. We're going to settle this now. What's to settle? Your chief of staff is incomparably talented. I've been sharing visions with Sharon Agathon and the Six. So I was only speaking the truth. Yes. The Hybrid on the baseship spoke of an opera house and a dying leader. We're going to talk to the Hybrid. And why would you require my presence? Because you're in my visions. What are you doin', baby? Are you drawing? Can I see what you drew? No! No! Why? Why? Hera? Hera? Hera... Raptor 1-2-4, You are clear for landing... Hera! Hera! Hera! - Have you seen my daughter? - No, I haven't. Hera! I can't find Hera. Get away from my child. Get your hands off of my child. Athena. Stay back! Stay away. Stand down! Plug it in. I need to talk to it. - Let God's will be done. - Shut up. It's time to get some answers. Tyrol, will you come in here and take Hera, please? Just do it, Tyrol. Come on. Is she gone? Yeah. You are never gonna take my child. We didn't come here to.