ONE WILL BE REVEALED previously on battlestar galactica. I just finished the post-flight on starbuck's viper. This thing looks like it's been rolled off the showroom floor. It's time to get some answers. Plug it in. Jump! president roslin was apparently aboard the cylon baseship, along with gaius baltar and many of galactica's pilots when it jumped away. waiting alone in a raptor as the rest of the fleet jump away. That sounds a lot like suicide,dad. Why are you doing this? because I can't live without her. we have d'anna onboard. We are clear of the hub. Commence nuclear trike. So you know about the final five. I know they're supposed to know the way to earth. I've gotta worry about protecting myself. I will tell you when you take me back to your fleet. I love you. About time. Hey there,mr.Prez. Heard you were here. Temple of aurora. On earth. At least the way pythia described it. We'll get there. Walk those halls together. Yeah,pretty to think so. This roslin's stuff? It's weird for them to not be here. No one sits in his chair. Tigh can't even look at it. You know,the scariest thing my mom used to tell me when I was a kid, "your father is waiting for you in the study." I'd knock on the door. Make the long walk across the room. To that desk. You know,leoben said something to me when he was holding me in that doll house on new caprica. That children are born to replace their parents. For children to reach their full potential their parents have to die. We rejoin your fleet in less than an hour. Then we will return your final five to you. Four. There are four in your fleet. Four. Where's the fifth? I want the four in your fleet. It would be easier if you just tell us who they are. Oh,easier because you could kill them. Why would we do that? They know the way to earth.We need them. She's right.We all want the same thing. - If we cooperate... - we cooperated on new caprica,brother. It didn't work out well. I'm going to hold your people hostage until the final four are safely aboard this ship. You need to stand down,bill. Come on. Trust me. Stand down. Pass the word around. Stack arms. I've already had an eight prepare a raptor, so we'll launch as soon as we come out of the jump. Oh,and,admiral,you'll be coming along with me to galactica. - I'm not going. - Bill,go. Ifhe cylons get the four,they get earth. You can't let this happen. Even if you do blow this ship to hell. Oh,godsdamn it. I got it,felix. Yeah.thanks. Mr.Gaeta,do you wish to be relieved? Good to go. Dradis contact. Incoming,bearing 1-8-5,carom 2-niner-niner at 1700. - What do we got? - Cylon baseship. Another contact,same bearing. It's a raptor. Our people are back,sir. Maybe she won't be able to identify us. Gods,it's...it's good to have you back. It's good to be home. The goods news is that your president,laura roslin, is alive and well,as are your crewmates. She wants the four cylons that are in this fleet. She's gonna hold our people hostage until she gets them. You don't have to do anything except stay out of the way. I'm already in contact with them. Now that they realize there's nothing to fear and that we only want to love and protect them, they should find a way of joining us. I just ask that you don't interfere with any of the shuttle traffic in the fleet. So your plan is you take these four cylons and then you head off to earth,leaving us behind. Now that's up to them. All right. If these four cylons want to come to you,they're free to do so. I will not stop them. Do you agree with this,admiral? Agreed. Well,then I will await them on the baseship. Laura roslin needs her medication. And I need to make sure that she's all right. - I'm gonna go with them. - No. We can't give them any more hostages. the colonel's right. I served under roslin for two years. My place is by her side. Another hostage isn't gonna change the equation. All right,go. Thank you. I backed your play,and now what? Starbuck goes to work on a plan to get our people back by force. If we can't stop the cylons from reaching the baseship, laura roslin wants it destroyed. Half our guys are over there. It's your call,mr.President. Roslin's right. We lose those four,we lose earth. If everything goes south,we destroy the baseship and everyone on it. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync: rocket</font> 39,665 SURVIVORS IN SEARCH OF A HOME CALLED EARTH Battlestar Galactica Season4 Episode10</font> so the prisoners were here, but d'anna has to know that you brought me in on this. If she's moved the prisoners,it'll mean a compartment by compartment fight. And if they open fire on the civilian fleet while we're boarding? They could wipe out the human race right there and then. that's why we need to make sure that our raptors are already out there with their nukes cocked and locked. There's gotta be other options. Yeah,those frakkin' four could give themselves up. Brothers and sisters,this is a great day for us. One of our lost siblings has arrived. She's one of the final five? I saw her in my vision. Now she's come home. Laura. there's been something I've been meaning to say to you. - I wanted to thank you.- Um,for what? Essentially for not murdering me. That can't have been an easy decision to make. But I love living. I love living,and I wanted to thank you for saving my life. I wouldn'T. be so grateful if I were you. You should know that I told the admiral that if d'anna doesn't back down, he should blow the ship to pieces. You what? She's in here. Madame president. Gaius. Tory. Sit down. I brought you your medication. Oh,my gods. How did you do that? I came back with d'anna. To be with my people. Because you're one of the five. You're one of the final five. D'anna saw her. In a vision. I knew it. Maybe not on a conscious level, but subconsciously,I always knew there was something. You had no idea. Did you? No. Might be worth pondering what else you've been wrong about. Tory,wait. You're right. I'm wrong. Okay. You are one of the revered final five, and as such,the cylons will listen to you. Is that not right? So,tory,please go to d'anna and try to convince her to back down and release all the hostages. I'm done taking orders from you. oh,mr.President,there has been a change of plans. I've just executed the first of the colonial hostages. Another will follow every quarter hour until our people come home. All right,listen to me. You're not giving us a chance. We are cooperating. She terminated the transmission. All right then,admiral,you're a go for the rescue mission. If it fails. destroy the baseship. Yes,mr.President. All right,put these pilots in their cockpits. Check all systems,and let's put these birds in the tubes. Got it,chief. There you go. Apu won't spin up. There's gotta be a short,and damned if I can find it. But I set some guys tracking on it. Galen,you with me? You all know that we have a baseship out there with our people on it. It is our job to get them back alive. So speed is the only thing we have on our side. They're no doubt expecting us to try for a breakout, so we have to get in under their reaction time,which is damn fast. Raptor flights two and six under athena will be our breaching force. What's the matter? I'm hearing it again. All right. Anyone know what the frak we're doing here? I don't know.I just felt compelled. Something about this viper. Like what? You checked every rivet and washer on that bird,and you didn't find squat. Yeah,well,something brought us here. Something's changed. I just don't know what it is. Maybe kara can help. She flew this thing to earth and back. Go find her.See what she can tell you. But hurry up. A lot of good people are gonna die. So where are you going? Bill,you gotta scrub this mission. What the hell are you doing here? You're supposed to be in the cic. The cylons will kill every godsdamn hostage before we put one pair of boots aboard their ship. Laura roslin will be the next to die,bill. I'm looking for options. You got one? Yeah. I should've told you when I first found out,but I didn't have the guts. What's wrong with you,saul? Remember back at the nebula when I told you about that frakkin' music? I thought it was in the ship. I was wrong. It was a signal. Some kind of crazy,frakked-up cylon signal switched me on. I can't turn it off. Switched you on. Like boomer. I'm one of the five. The five. One of the cylons d'anna's after. Quit frakkin' with me. Colonel,I've known you for 30 years. I told you. I didn't find out until the nebula. Think about this. When I met you,you had hair. I never heard of a cylon aging. Doesn't mean they don'T. Before the attack on the colonies, we didn't know skinjobs existed. Turns out there's another kind of cylon we didn't know about, and I'm one of them. On new caprica,you were in captivity. They did something to you. They...an implant,a post-hypnotic suggestion that makes you feel this way. Let's go talk to doc cottle... listen to me! It is not a delusion. It is not a chip in my head.I am a cylon. I've fooled you for months now. I didn't want to,but I did. Get your hands off of me. If I had the guts to airlock myself when I first found out, we wouldn't be in this mess. But that's the way out. Not this suicidal attack. I am one of the final five. D'anna will back down if you threaten to flush me out an airlock. Dad,dad. Dad,listen. No one suspected. No one. Not with his record,what he did on new caprica. His eye,what happened to his wife... come on,let's get up. What have I done? All the people I've sent to die. For what? For what? For earth. There is no earth. It's a frakkin' joke. There is no earth. Okay,dad,listen to me. Listen to me! Pull it together. - I can'T. - Yes,you can.Come on. - I can'T. - Yes,you can. I can't... I can't kill him. I can't kill the bastard. I can'T. - Okay,okay,dad. - I can'T. It's...it's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay. I'll...I'll take care of it. I can'T. I'll take care of it. You mother-frakker. Who are the others? Where's the old man? Right where you put him. Mr.President,it's the cic. D'anna's on the line. This is the president. mr.President. you're running out of time. no,you are. It's your turn to listen. If you harm another one of my people, you so much as blacken one of their eyes, and I flush saul tigh out of the launch tube. we have no wish for further bloodshed. May I speak with the admiral? No,you deal with me. You have ten minutes to release my people or you can kiss one of your precious final five good-bye. You want to save the fleet,I need the others,and I need them now. it's sitting here the same way it has been for months. What made you think something was happening? Hard to explain. You know,it's just a feeling. Yeah,I've got a feeling too. You're both out of your frakkin' minds. You know,you had a feeling you could find earth. I trusted you. I backed you every step of the way. Now I need you to trust ours. Ensign anders. Specialist tyrol. Slowly put your hands on your heads and face the viper. Do it now! What the hell is going on? They're cylons,just like the xo. Sam. Go ahead. It's true,kara. There's something different about this viper. Something's changed. You gotta find it. shut up. Fall back! Fall back! Where the hell are you taking us? Keep moving.Otherwise,we shoot you here. No! This is a wild guess. You told them. We should've done it day one. Get the baseship on the horn. Mr. Hoshi,we need the baseship. what's going on? D'anna's about to start executing more hostages. okay,take me to d'anna. no,she won't listen to you. I was the one with her in the temple when she had the vision of the five...take me. He's right. Take him,it's good. Are you ready to come to your senses,mr.President? galen tyrol and samuel anders have just joined saul tigh in the airlock. They found them. They're in line for an express ride into a vacuum. You want them alive,stand down. I know lee. Press him and he'll back down. Target our nuclear weapons on the civilian fleet. We'll see if he wants to play hardball. D'anna. Gaius. Coercion won't work with lee adama. He's too similar to his father. Lee's bluffing. He's doesn't give a tinker's damn about those three,not now. You push him,he'll kill them. Then the entire human race will die with them. Mr.President,the baseship nukes just went hot. If any of our fleet starts spooling up... they won't have time to jump before the cylons fire. Sergeant harder,clear the tube of everyone but tigh. Corporal. Do you really think that god brought you back from the darkness for this,d'anna? Maybe he brought you back for a different purpose. To end this peacefully. They will never forgive us for what we did to the twelve colonies,never. Proceed. Brute force did not work for you on new caprica. It didn't work for you on the algae planet. So why is it gonna work for you now? Give me the key. We have weapons lock on their ships. What are you waiting for,apollo? Do it. lee,stop! Stop,stop! Those three frakkin' cylons just gave us earth. Well,it's a colonial emergency locator signal. And no other wireless in the fleet is picking this up? Gaeta's confirmed it. The channel's empty except for this viper. It's gotta be a signal from earth. You're reaching,kara. Come on,lee,add it up. I vanish into a storm. Ride this viper to earth. Coming back,I get a vision that leads me to the baseship. Its hybrid tells me that the final five cylons have been to earth, but we need the missing three,d'anna,to bring them out into the open. And now we're starting to get messages from the beyond. You heard the signal. The final cylons led me to it. If it's earth,they've given us the home of the thirteenth tribe just the way the hybrid said it would happen. Like it or not,lee,something's orchestrating this for a purpose. A higher power. Call it whatever you want,but it seems to want us to find earth with the cylons. One tiny needle in the whole fleet. Well,you're right.It's wafer thin. It's the best I could do at short notice. So you're all in agreement this is the way to earth? It's a stretch,but it's the best explanation we've got. Which is why we chose to share this information with you. We could've jumped away with it,left you behind. But that would've led to another confrontation,another standoff. All this has happened before... but it doesn't have to happen again. Not if we make up our minds to change. Take a different path. Right here,right now. You were afraid we'd kill these four,and yet,here they are,standing behind you. Free to go. Or stay. I've granted them an amnesty. So the question is,where do we go from here? All right. I'll release your crew. We go to earth together. We've projected a course toward the signal. It'll probably take some revising as we go,but. this is our destination right here. Earth. So. what are your orders,admiral? Orders? Are you ready to take us to our new home? I don't know. you don't know what? What don't you know about? It's good to see you. Bill. this is it. This is it. This is everything that we have been working for. I want to see you pick up that first fistful of earth. Come on. Frak. I see. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Anyway,I'm glad to see you again,madame president. And so is the quorum. And I guess I just finished the shortest presidency in colonial history. Yes,well,don't look so relieved,mr.Adama. Because you were dealt a crisis and you knew exactly what to do. You faced it boldly. This fleet is going to need that kind of leadership in the days to come, so you are not off the hook yet. Thank you. You guys just gonna sit here flapping your lips or are we gonna go find earth? Kara and I have been working on a recon plan... frak it. This is the end of the line. We've got nowhere else to go. And if we give the alliance too much time,it'll fall apart again. Gotta roll the hard six. We all go together. As fast as we can. Yes,sir. Fleet in jump formation.Standing by. Board is green. Ship reports ready to jump,admiral. Very well. Madame president,without you we wouldn't have made it. Give the order. It's been a long time coming. Okay. Take us to earth. in five. four. three. two. one. jump. Jump complete. dradis is clear. fleet is checking in. Nav. Confirming position. take your time. Get it right. Fleet all present and accounted for. Visible constellations are a match. Crew of galactica. people of the fleet. this is admiral adama. Three years ago,I promised to lead you to a new home. We've endured a difficult journey. We've all lost,we've all suffered, and the truth is I questioned whether this day would ever come. But today,our journey is at an end. We have arrived. at earth. We made it,kid. We did it. You did it. Earth. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-