You scared me. So... I just... Tell me why i'm here. I have something i need done. So do most women.You're gonna have to be more specific. Right.Yes.Sorry. Um,what i need... I don't know quite how to put it. Well,you're just gonna have to open your mouth And say it out loud in full detail,Like you're talking to your priest. You show me yours.I'll show you mine.That's how it works. Okay. Here. I want you to kill him. How much do you charge? -=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=- Proudly Presents</font> -=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=- Sync:Çm3P</font> The Mentalist Season 2 Episode 19</font> **** We think she was killed about an hour ago. Neighbor heard screaming,called 9-1. Anybody see anything? We've got sac p.d.canvassing,but so far nothing-- Just an average night. Average night,average neighborhood,Average murder. Why are we here? Because the victim is assistant district attorney kelly flower. - You worked with her. - Yeah,we all did. Kelly was good people. Forensics found a casing.Said it was 9-mil. Almost point-blank,judging from the stippling. Deputy coroner said no sexual assault,But her nightgown's ripped and tangled. She was crawling in it. Remodel? Kelly's one of us. Hightower's already approved the overtime. You know the drill. Why is that the drill? I mean,for everyone else,It just looks like for your own,you try harder. We do. It's a deterrent. It sends out a message--nobody gets away with killing a cop,A judge or a d.a. cho can get a list of kelly's cases, See who she put away that held a grudge. It's not a deterrent.It's revenge,really. I mean,and that's not a criticism,'Cause i'm all about revenge. I mean,revenge can be very productive. - Productive? - Well,take rigsby. Van pelt breaks up with him.Now he's in the best shape of his life. I mean,he's hitting the gym,what,six times a week? Look at him. He is brimming with sexual confidence. Jane,cut it out. Not on my account.It's fine. See?Fine.My point--there is nothing wrong with revenge. Van pelt,any damage to the windows or the back door? No,nothing. No sign of forced entry,so either she let him in,or... Husband's here. He let himself in. Oh,my god!No!Kelly,no!No!No!God,no! Tiffany wants you to call her back. Oh,thanks. Said to tell you you're a very bad boy. Did she? - Agent hightower,hi. - Morning. You two know marc odenthal from the d.a.'s office? Sure. We're gonna talk with the district attorney. What can you tell me about kelly's case? We're looking at anybody who had access to the house Cbs From work, the neighborhood,the local dog park,anywhere. Husband? Flower was too upset to talk last night.Jane and i are heading over there now. And we've got a list of past defendants. At least four have expressed written or verbal threats. The d.a.told me to give you this. It includes her current cases. Hang on.Hank draber.The smuggler? Smuggling drugs,conspiracy to murder. We haven't been able to lay a glove on 'em before. Draber's trial was supposed to start next week. I just got judge hildred to grant a continuance. It's gonna take me three months just to learn the file. Go.Take van pelt. **** All right.There he is.Mr.Draber! What do you want? So how are you getting along lately?Any problems? You... My wife is dead,and you're wasting your time on me? Mr.Flower,I knew your wife. Now we're gonna find out who did this,even if it's you. You understand? So how were you two getting along? We loved each other. Everything was good. How was the remodel?That can be stressful. Things were good. But that day,we fought. That's why i went to the movies-- Over her hours. It... It was just so stupid. She was so stressed over that draber case,you know? She called it her "career-maker." That's what she said-- "career-maker." So you argued.Did it turn physical? No.I loved her. I would never do anything like that.Never. Mr.Flower?I got the tarp on the roof In case it rains before you want me back. Didn't mean to interrupt.I'll get out of your hair now. Thank you.That's our contractor cale sylvan.He's,uh-- - patrick jane.How you doing? - Good. You're standing in the... Can i ask yoru a question? Uh,would you recommend A flash hot water heater over a regular one? I mean,i was leaning towards flash,But they're very expensive. Well,you know,flash will pay for itself in energy savings Pretty quick, but it depends on consumption. Of course.That's a very good point. Um,do you have a card? - Sure. - Great. - I'll maybe give you a call. - Great. Well,thanks for your time,mr.Flower. Thank you. Cale sylvan is a dangerous psychopath,And he killed kelly flower. How's that? - He had access,and he looked evil. - And... When i told him he was standing in her blood,What was his reaction? Not horror.Not embarrassment. No emotion at all.All right.I'll run him. Excellent.Having prints might help,no? You know,you guys should be more careful.You almost got yourselves shot. It's a good thing you look like cops. We could take you in,but you'll lawyer up,And we'll all waste a lot of time. But here we can have a nice conversation,right? Yeah.That sounds reasonable. Fine. Kelly flower was all set to fry your ass in court.You were looking at 20 years,easy. Now the trial's been postponed who knows how long. That gives you motive for her murder. That one's a winner.I know it is. Here you go.You like the lotto,huh? - None of your business. - Mom.come on. You have pretty hair. My mom's a little senile. Now who'd take care of your mother If kelly flower put you in jail? You know,killing a prosecutor is--is almost as bad As killing a cop,right? It's not something i want to get my hands dirty with. I got enough problems as it is.Right,mom? Close your mouth,muffin. Well,jane's right. Sylvan is a killer. You know,it feels good to be right. Prints brought up these i.d.s.We got carl sennett, A witness in an accidental drowning in arizona, Cory sampson,who lived next door To a hit-and-run victim in seattle, And chad sewell,wanted for questioning About the murder of his boss, a bank executive in reno. We have four other deaths that sylvan's linked to In some other way. He's not just a killer.He's a serial killer. Well,saddle up.Lock and load.Do what you do.Go--go bring him in. We can't. - Nope. - What? All we have is that cale sylvan liked to change his name-- Not illegal--and that bad luck followed him. We don't even have enough for a search warrant. He'll kill again.You-- you know what he is,lisbon. Knowing isn't proving. Rigsby,have cho set up On sylvan's house 24-hour surveillance. If he shows up,have cho follow him.Maybe we'll get lucky. Okay. This--this is ridiculous. - I... I know. - I'm gonna go with cho. Go. Sylvan's smart enough to know we'll be here. He won't be coming back. It's a waste of time. What are you reading there,cho? "wuthering heights." Well,i'm gonna take a stroll. Let me know how it ends. Not well. Cho said jane ditched him at sylvan's.Have you seen him? Nope.There's something hinky here,boss. These are photos of some of the victims linked to sylvan. Different ages,sexes,races. Exactly.A serial killer almost always hunts the same kind of prey. This doesn't make sense as a serial killer's m.o. it does when you look at sylvan's financials. I tracked bank records for all the i.d.s we could find. Sylvan received substantial payments Just before and just after each death. He kills for money?He's a hit man? A psychopath who made money from his hobby.It's outstanding. You do something you love.You never have to work a day in your life. Where the hell have you been? Me?Oh,i've been around. I found a web site registered to one of his old identies. It says to "call mr.Black for odd josbs of any sort." Well,i guess we should give him a call. Grace,do you happen to have any photographs Of,uh,you know,ex-boyfriends? I want you to kill him. How much do you charge? Ask him again,grace.You're a busy lady.You don't have all night. You gonna answer me or not?I want the bastard dead--soon. - She's convincing. - Trying to work here. Okay. I charge $50,000. And what you're asking is pretty easy. I mean,you just gotta have To stop thinking of him as a person. The rest is just a physics problem--gravity,force,torque. Ask for proof of what he does. Torque is well and good,But i need to know that you're for real. See,maybe you're a hitter. Maybe you're a cop. - Long shot. - Trying to work here. Let me show you somethin'. How's that? - Let's move. - No,no,no.It's a test. Grace,listen.Listen very carefully. Are you a cop? I'm not a cop. I'm just careful,like you. I just want to know that i have the right man. Besides,don't you want to show me... Besides,Don't you want to show me,So you can make me afraid? That's what you like,isn't it-- Seeing the fear? You show me yours,and i'll show you mine. I have something to show you then. Just watch for a second. Oh,wait.Oh,please! Look at it. It's my last job. The client was very happy. Proof.That's proof.Proof. - Are we gonna do business? - Yes,we are. - Cbi!Drop the knife! - Don't move! - Hands on your head! - Drop the knife now! Don't move!On your knees! Cale sylvan,you're under arrest for the murder of kelly flower. Hands on your head! Jane,you can come out. okay. How'd you know he had proof? Well,he's a narcissist.Needs affirmation,trophies. Who paid you to kill kelly? Tell 'em.You'll feel better. I would like to talk to my lawyer. And i'll see you clowns in court. **** Catching killers i enjoy,But being reminded that we're just a cog In a petty, fascist machine,that is a little depressing. Crime-fighting is hard.Suck it up. If you weren't on the witness list, I wouldn't even let you In the same time zone as judge dread. "judge dread"--can't possibly be as much fun as it sounds. Oh,please!Please!What do you want? Oh,god!Oh,god,don't hurt me! Oh,god!Oh,god,don't! Please!Please! Your honor,i object. This video is inflammatory and prejudicial. Although we'll stipulate to the fact That kelly flower was murdered, we reserve our right to deny That there is probable cause my client committed said murder. And we also object to the chain of custody for this video. Is that even a sentence? Quiet in the gallery! You say another word,and you'll regret it. Well,i'm...i'm sorry,your honor,but this woman Is spouting nothing but ludicrous pettifoggery, And,uh,i'm a little hungry. Your honor,if you'll let me down,i can handle him. Mr.Jane-- that is your name,correct? That's correct.Patrick jane. Well,this court hereby fines you $1,000. make it $2,000,And let me tell this,uh,tiresome woman to move it along. - $2,000 then. - Okay. Counselor,you heard the man.Move it along. So,agent lisbon,Let's get back to this video. That night was the first time you'd ever seen it? - Yes. - Are you sure? Objection.Asked and answered. I'll move on,your honor. So you never entered Mr.Sylvan's apartment and looked at the video On his computer or instructed anyone else to do so? No. Well,then i need you to answer a puzzling question. Your honor,i would like to enter this into evidence As defense exhibit one. I got this mug from mr.Sylvan's sink. But he didn't put it there. So... So tell me,how is it that this mug Has mr.Jane's fingerprints on it? Agent lisbon,Did your consultant break into mr.Sylvan's home Without a warrant? No.No,of course not. Your honor,may i have a moment to confer with agent lisbon? You make it quick.This is getting interesting. Bailiff. That's how you knew sylvan had proof.You'd already seen it. i have no idea what you're talking about. Tell us what happenednow. I was with cho.We were staking out sylvan's place. I decided i wanted to take a walk. I happened upon sylvan's door,unlocked. And like any concerned citizen,I went in to look around And checked that the place hadn't been robbed. Then i left. - That's it. - Oh,crap. What's the story,mr.Odenthal? Your honor... Mr.Jane did enter mr.Sylvan's residence, But only because he feared there was an intruder inside. You mean one besides himself? I-it's not like i took anything,your honor. Your honor,what mr.Jane is trying to say Is that he's not a state agent. He's a private consultant. Therefore,there's no fourth amendment violation. Mr.Jane is a charlatan who has made a mockery Of our legal system on numerous occasions. In fact,a few months ago he refused to take a woman To the hospital for poisoning until she confessed to a murder. She was not poisoned in the first place,And it was just a very clever ruse-- - quiet,mr.Jane. - For what it's worth. You should be ashamed of yourself anyway. You,too,agent lisbon.You're the law. I hold mr.Jane's search to be illegal,And any evidence discovered then or during the sting Is hereby excluded as fruit of the poisonous tree. The video--out. Any statements made by the defendant To agent van pelt--out. Your honor,i object.Your anger is clouding your-- Mr.Odenthal,do you have any evidence of any kind That yourconsultant hasn't crapped all over? No,your honor. Well,thenthe people v.Sylvan Is hereby dismissed for lack of evidence. Mr.Sylvan,you're free to go. This is ridiculous,your honor. This is wrong! This don't make no sense! I'll be seeingyou. He killed my wife! How can he go free? Bailiff,bring in the next case. I had a confession.I had video.I had an airtight case. And it's all out. How could you break into his place? Easy.The lock on the back door was very flimsy. Marc,i apologize.I do.I-- also,i didn't think i'd be found out. I mean,how was i to know they were going to dust Formyfingerprints? You let a killer back on the streets. Actually,i got the killer off the streets. Keeping him off the streets-- your job. You're blaming me? I'm not the one who got the murder weapon tossed. Court is theater.Whatever side has the best liar wins. Usually that's you,but today she was better. You're an arrogant little bastard. Whoa,easy with the steel,brother. Oh,relax.It's not loaded. Look,marc,there is no double jeopardy here. We can still take this to trial. I will find new evidence.I promise. You're a menace. When i'm d.a.,you'll never work with this office again. - So ambitious. - Not your call,marc. - Not then,not now. - You're defending him? - Thank you,lisbon. - Shut up,jane. I thought you two trusted each other. - So did i. - We do. I--we have trust. I-i didn't tell her because i didn't want her To be complicit and then have to lie about it later. Some partnership you got going on here. I'll have to send you home while the professional standards unit Does its thing-- five days at least. It's not her fault. That will be the p.s.u.'s determination,no doubt. This is just the situation we talked about,patrick. Agent lisbon is responsible fov3r 11 5the actions of her team members,Including you. Yes,ma'am. - Is that all? - Yes. Look,lisbon,i'm so sorry.I really am. Jane. Lisbon needs some time off. A few days off will do her good. Nice talking with you. Rigsby,go back through sylvan's financials. Van pelt,take another look at kelly's video of her murder. See if we missed anything. Hey,we'll serve up sylvan As your welcome back present,okay? It's a little chilly in here. Do you want to go get a coffee? Oh,come on.Look at the bright side.You get five days off.You get five days off from me. Cho,you're in charge.He's your problem now. That's good.Cho's a big boy.He knows how to look after me. You want to get a coffee? Did you bring a book? Could be a bit of a wait. What are we doing here? You're still mad with me about lisbon's suspension. Yeah.It's your fault. You know,Sometimes in order to catch these risk takers,We have to take risks. There can be fallout. Tell me what's going on or i'm outta here. Okay. I looked in sylvan's kitchen cabinets. Not much of a tea selection. He's a coffee geek-- Drinks only the best,fresh-roast coffee. And the best fresh-roasted coffee In sylvan's neighborhood... Is in this place here. That's kind of thin. Yeah,but i'm 100% confident that it... Thank goodness. Look,the judge warned us not to talk To sylvan without his lawyer. Talk? This is two guys bumping into each other In the coffee line. Jane. Cale? That's a funny coincidence. I told you i'd be seeing you. Well,you look well,i gotta say. You're in a very relaxed state. Now confess that you killed kelly flower,And a huge burden will be lifted. Funny guy. Sense of humor.That's great. Well,maybe i did something wrong. Sorry to,uh,bother you. Accidents happen. Hypnosis.Great plan. No,that would be silly.Hypnosis is illegal. That was a misdirect so that i could search his jacket pockets And find...this. A button,fluff and some sand? Yeah.It's a little anticlimactic. Um,do you have an evidence baggie? You're walking home. Or i could just carry it. So sylvan's financials are clean.There's just one thing i don't get. The end of every month,He withdraws just over 2 grand in cash. He has no family,no girlfriend. Sounds like rent. His apartment's only $900,and he writes a check for that. No,not his apartment-- his home. A place to store his tools,process his victims,Keep his trophies. A murder house. And if he's paying cash,it's a fair bet The name cale sylvan won't be on the lease. The place could be anywhere. Maybe i can narrow it a little.Look at this. This is from the sylvan murder video. The bag he's holding-- it's from abs gym. We show his picture around the gym.Maybe we find someone who knows his other address. There's a dozen abs gyms around here.It'll take days to canvass 'em. I'll start with the ones by the river. The sand jane found In sylvan's pockets-- it's river sand,not ocean sand. - How'd you know? - We're in sacramento. We got a river,not an ocean. There's only one abs gym near the river--on dos robles. On my way. If you get an address,go straight to judge hildred And get a search warrant. We'll take down sylvan today. Aw,shut up. You shouldn't have embezzled all that money,you big baby. Time to go to work. I don't think you're gonna want to look at this. What was that? Freeze!Freeze! Let me see your hands!Let me see your hands! Get your hands off of me! Get your hands off me! - Hook him up. - It's not me. I hope you brought more people. Cheating son of a bitch. You're okay.You're safe now. You got it?There we go. I sent the victim to the hospital. He'll be okay... After three or four years of therapy. Good. Yeah,that look's not so scary when you're in handcuffs,buddy. Either you tell us who hired you Or you're looking at a slam-dunk death penalty. Maybe we can come to some kind of arrangement. Cho,get down! 10-33.shots fired. Man down.We need paramedics now. G.s.w.to the chest. Shot came from the north of location.North of location. Let's get a bird in here now. The son of a bitch is dead. Call in another team for the back of the house. Thanks. That's eight bodies so far,and that's just the ones Sylvan's clients didn't want found. They're gonna be clearing Missing persons cases for a month. - Any luck on the shooter? - Not much. Kill shot came from that hillside,Over two football fields away. That's a tough shot. So i guess whoever employed sylvan Hired a second shooter to cover his tracks. The thing is,how did that client know That sylvan had become a liability? That's a good question. Where's jane? This better be good.I was catching up on my tivo. Liar.You were reading.But what? Progress reports? No. Whatever. This is gonna be a lot of fun. I'm going into the drabers' lair. It's not a lair,it's an office,and no,you're not. Oh,yes,i am. They seem kind of scary.You wouldn't want me to get hurt,would you? Don't bet on it.W-why the drabers? A hunch. They're key in this somehow. You think they hired sylvan? Well,sylvan looked the part. Why the hell didn't you call cho? Well,you were closer. Call cho.I'm not even armed. More lies. You have at least two guns in that car. Three?Oh,my. You're the poster girl for the n.r.a. I'm telling you,I've got nothing to do with the prosecutor dying. And the sylvan guy-- never heard of him Before i saw him on the news. Hello.Hi! Gonna win big. Gonna buy a washing machine. She's a treasure. You want to leave her alone?She's a little soft in the head,okay? You know,hank,as you were talking to lisbon here, I couldn't help but notice you kept looking at your mother, As if you were checking for her approval. I mean,most tough guys are scared of their mothers,But,hank,you were quaking. Your friend's crazier than my mom. Digging those nails. Plucked eyebrows,coiffed hair. Did you do the,uh,makeover,hank? No,didn't think so. Time for my stories,hanky. Okay,hanky. You are upsetting her,okay?So leave her alone. Easy. This is brilliant. Lisbon,this is brilliant. You--you are a treasure. You're running this whole operation,aren't you? Hank's just a figurehead to take the heat. Tell me i'm right.You know,ishould havechecked the shoes. Damn it,hank. I told you about looking at me,didn't i? You think you're so damn clever. Well,clever is as clever does,And you've just made a very stupid move. Boys! Oh,dear. How clever are you now exactly? We're cops.Just be cool. Put the weapons down now. You put your gun down,miss lisbon,and you can live. Come on.Get in. I was right about annabelle anyway. Congratulations. So we're good,right? You're not gonna put a hit out on me? You've moved on. That's good. I've moved on,too. Well,i'm glad.That's a relief. You guys heard from jane? - No. - No. Hello?!Anybody?!Hello?! I can't really see anything. There's kind of a draft right here,though,if you just... Just there. No food,no water. This is not good. Well,i suppose we should draw straws To see who eats who first. Yeah,right.Draw straws with a professional cheat. Why so grumpy?It's not like we're gonna die here. The drabers don't want us dead. Come here and get a little bit of this breeze. It'll cheer you up.Come here. It's not quite as nice as a river breeze,But it's not bad. You feeling that?Good. River breeze. Wait a minute. I live nowhere near the docks. Well,that's good.It's a terrible neighborhood. You said you called me because i was closer, But the h.q.is only 15 minutes from the docks. I'm--i'm just--i'm bad with distances,always have been. Patrick jane,you were trying to help me. You were. You thought if i made a big bust,The p.s.u.would get off my back. You know i'm always gonna save you,lisbon,Whether you like it or not. I don't need to be saved. I knew this would end a disaster the day i signed on with you. One day i'm gonna get fired because of you.That's just the way it is. Right.Well,some people might ask why you signed on with me In the first place. We catch a lot of bad guys. Most days,that's enough. - Also,i... - I think i hear something. - Someone out there. - Where? - Hello! - Hello? - Over here! - In here! Around the front.The--the big latch. I told you i would save you,lisbon. Sac p.d.found jane's car at the docks.Lisbon's,too. - Crap. - No sign of them or the drabers. Call sac p.d.,i.c.e.and the coast guard. Have them search every vehicle... Warehouse and boat the drabers own. Van pelt.Slow down. Agent rigsby. Um,s?Uno--uno momento,por favor. - Can you? - I'll call you back. It's the federales,i think. Something about jane and a goat? Louise willett robbed The very people she was supposed to be taking care of, And she spent that money-- ipso facto,ad nauseam.Sorry,odenthal.I need to borrow your judge for a second. Uh,mr.Jane,we are in session. Yes,we would have come earlier,But,uh,we had quite a long walk getting here. It won't take a second. We just need One of your fancy arrest/warrant thingies for annabelle draber. - She'll give you the details. - Jane,get out of here. Mr.Jane,there are no phones in my courtroom. I'm very sorry.Just a minute,cho. - I'm kinda busy. - That's $1,000,mr.Jane. Sure.Uh,listen,i'm kinda In the middle of something,so i'll call you back. $2,000.hang it up.Now! - Really? - $3,000. - listen,cho,uh... - $4,000. - your honor,i move for a mistrial. - $5,000. you're not costing me another case.Give me that phone. No.Get your own. Your honor--battery? Bailiffs,would you arrest this man,please? Lisbon,this... Hang on,cho. I'm on suspension.No badge,no authority. Oh,thanks for bailing me out. Lisbon wasn't answering her phone for some reason. The judge is really pissed,so is odenthal. They want to make an example. It's not just contempt of court,jane.It's battery. Battery against a peace officer. Penal code section 242 "et seq."I love the latin. You know there's 30 kinds of battery charges? Yes. This stuff is fascinating. You know,i could be my own lawyer. You're gonna represent yourself? You represent yourself,you're an idiot. Uh,it's actually "he who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client." It's much catchier. Could be fun,cho. This may be a,um,A somewhat informal hearing, But you still must respect this court,Or you will go directly back to jail. - Do you read me? - Yeah,you bet,your honor. Mr.Jane asked me to come. Do you know why? I have no idea. Let's get right to it,mr.Jane. Is it true that yesterday, You tweaked the assistant district attorney's nose In this very room? Speaking of yourself in the third person,marc, Y-you gotta admit,sounds a little silly. Yes,i tweaked your nose. Your honor,we're done here.Mr.Jane admits the crime. But in my defense,you were being very annoying. Mr.Jane,you're out of order. You're out of order.You're out of order. This whole trial's out of order! Oh,come on.You gotta admit,you walked right into that one. Okay. All right,my turn to question you guys. Yes.Wait."you guys"?Plural? Well,you're both witnesses. Uh... When i'm cross-examing myself, Do--do i have to stand down there and ask the questions And run back up here and answer them? Mr.Jane,you stay put. Okay. Mr.Odenthal,you take a deep breath. Pro perdefendants are given a certain amount of latitude. You know that.God help us all. Judge hildred,are you now or have you ever been A member of the communist party? What?No! Mr.Odenthal,do you own a gun? - Wait.What? - Are you a good shot? Don't answer that.How about you,your honor?You any good with a gun? The person that killed cale sylvan,They estimated,was more than 200 yards away. That is a great shot. It's why we assume there was a second hit man. Mr.Jane,please sit down. Were you having an affair with kelly flower? No. But isn't it true that you delight In killing small furry animals? You're a hunter. This is irrelevant. This is how we solve a murder. Are you saying you don't want me to solve a murder? Of course i do. Then answer the question,sir. Answer it,or tell me why you won't. I go duck hunting every season. And what kind of gun do you use to kill these defenseless ducks? A 10-gauge shotgun. And would you consider yourself a very good marksman? Uh,last season i bagged a mallard at,uh,60 yards. Oh,that's not bad.Not--not bad at all. 10-gauge,3-inch shell.3 inches of hell.3 inches of death. 3 1/2. I mean,i think.Right? So you must be a hunter,too. No.I... Then what's that dead beast in your office,marc? What is that?Did you just get it off craigslist? Well,i,uh,I mean,yes,i used to hunt,just not anymore. But you still know your way around a gun,don't you? Oh,relax. It's not loaded. You own your own rifle,don't you? You heard that the judge had issued a warrant For sylvan's murder house, And you knew that you had to silence sylvan before he talked. Cho,get down! You had to silence him Before he named you as his client-- The client who hired him to kill kelly flower. Your honor,this is completely ridiculous. So prove it. Let us search your house.We don't find a gun,i'll apologize. Let him do the search,marc. No. No? No. I don't have to do that. I have rights. And you're obviously prejudiced against me,judge. And i'm going to take that up with the chief judge. In fact,i'm going to do that right now. You should stay put,counselor. - Bailiff. - Don't move. Sir,your hands. The gun that killed sylvan-- A remington 700,with scope,from your garage. Oh,and,uh... We got a warrant. You're right.A lot better with one of these. You're a good prosecutor.You know what this means. A sniper rifle-- Lying in wait,murder with special circumstances. Hello,death penalty. But if you're willing to come clean about kelly's murder, The d.a.will take death off the table. That is the last and only offer you'll get,You miserable sack of crap. I realized the drabers didn't hire sylvan When they didn't kill lisbon and me. If they don't kill cops, They're certainly not gonna kill an assistant district attorney. But the drabers were connected somehow,weren't they? 'Cause their case was a career maker,according to kelly, And you wanted to be d.a.someday. The draber case would have made me a lock for d.a. Oh,yeah. And it should have been me.I had seniority. It was mine,and the bitch took it. So you hired sylvan to kill her. Yes. And when sylvan was arrested,You told him you'd fix it,that he'd walk. As prosecutor,you had that power. Then you hadsylvantell his attorney to investigate me. The whole d.a.'s office knows how you operate. Craziness. I thought there was a good chance You'd stepped over some line or other. Turned out you had. It's all right.He's learned his lesson. Yeah,i have. I certainly have,lisbon. I won't be stopping for tea again. ...and lights out at 9:30,and your sister at 9:00. No. 9:30. I love you. Bye. You wanted to see us,ma'am? Sit. Before i make any final decisions,I want to make sure i understand what happened. You disrupted a courtroom,Assaulted an officer of the court So you could question him And nearly caused a mistrial in an unrelated felony case. Is that about right? Yeah,that's pretty accurate. You ignored your suspension,Confronted a gang of criminals without any backup And then participated In mr.Jane's disruptions,assault,etcetera? Yes,ma'am. All right,then. I'm sorry.I don't understand,ma'am. The cbi just busted a crooked d.a., Rooted out corruption and solved the murder of one of our own. Awesome. By the way,I.c.e.picked up the drabers at the canadian border. The d.a.announced he'll try the case himself. We should have done that in the first place. I'll tell the p.s.u.to terminate your suspension. Welcome back. Patrick,judge hildred's clerk called. You owe the court $16,000 in fines. He needs a cashier's check. a b c d e