Sounds like you still like him. I'm really sorry about Nate I mean, if it's any consolation, I don't think he ever really liked me anyway. I haven't heard from him in weeks Our friendship is more important than some guy, right? He has a p.L on retainer Bass people are top-notch Did you hire someone to look into my past? Do you have a Lily Bass dossier? Aaron aked me out,but i said no, Because i wasn't sure how will you feel? I like Aaron, so you have my blessing. What are you doing here? It's thanksgiving, And i couldn't think of anywhere that far more like home What about Bart? Not coming Vanessa, i haven't heard from Jenny for weeks So, can we get together sometime? I guesee i will be ok? As of right now, this moment Winter in New York A gossip girl checklist to surviving the cold Ice-skating Hot chocolate for Window-shopping the holiday displays And the perfect day À­¿ªá¡Ä»µÄÍêÃÀÊ±¿Ì B., I have other things to do today. Serena, this is the holiday event for high school seniors. E crm de la crm from all the big private schools Will be there. The pictures dominate the society pages Through the new year. I need a ringer. Wait, have allf these guys asked you already Of course. You think angelina jolie Even considering I'm strictly pay or play dater. Just out of curiosity, Who's in t lead to play "guy with no future"? What makes you think I not looking for something long-term? Call it a hunch. Keith nelson. Are you kidding? Have you ever seen him without gum? He'll drive you insane Andy cla. Outscored your verbal on the s.A.T.S. I like an intelligent man. He can whisper mellifluous nothings in my Ear. You only think you like an intelligent man The moment he gave you a history of the word "mellifluous," You'd rip out his sweetly flowing tongue. Okay. Okay, now this... Okay. Hey, um, I'll call you later. So who's next? Dan! Hey. Hey. What's up? Look Wow. "letters to a young poet," first edition. And the original herter norton translation to boo that's... All thanks to you. I found it At the rare booktore you told me about last week. I'm giving it to aaronfor hanukah. That's very nice. It means he must've Accepted your invition to the snowflake ball. Unfortately, he will be unable to attend. Oh. Apparently, high society formals Don't go with the whole brooklyn artist thing. Well, i--it's an acquired taste, to be sure. Um... Will you still be going? Absolutely. There's somethini love about the snowflake ball. It reminds me of "anna karenina," Only by anna wintour. I'll just be flying solo. That's my preferred method of social travel. That's good. Uh, we can-- we can hang out then. Dan humphrey, the scoue of high society, Is going to the ball I know. I'm still reeling. Uh, yeah, I just realized that some of the best memories In my past two years have,h, have been at those events. So I figured, why fit it? Well, look who's embracing chge. Uh, I'm assuming that aaron will be okay with Two dateless friends hanging out at the ball together Yeah. He--he better be. And he's friends with his ex, lexi. She's actually coming to town for the hodays. I'm going to the gallery now to s his new installation. Do you want to come? I just have to stop and change first. Yeah. Yeah, sure. I got your message. What's the emergency? Do you considermuddy watters Blues or classic rock? I'm reorganizing my dad's record collection by genre. Why? Because I already bound all of dan's short stories And cleaned the loft twice. Did you accidentally put red bull In your cereal this morning? No, I just need keep myself busy. Otherwise, I'm gonna start thinking about my future, And then there's gonna bea jenny humphr Through my wall. Okay, woulyou stop putting so much pressure on yourself? You're back home and you're still a great designer. The future will work itself out it's Just that's not all I'm thinking about What? Okay, look, I don't... I don't want to be awkward, But the one thing I can't figure out is what happened with nate. Is that totally pathetic, sitting around, Thinking about how some guy blew you off? No. But in my experience, it doesn't really help either. I'd... Move on. NATE CALLING Sorr I told rufus that I'd be at the gallery all day. So, i'll see you later? Yeah. I'll be here, literally... Probably in the same spot. Oh, hello, weird documentary girl. Good-bye, sad blair wannabe. Penelope, what are you doing here? Snowflake ball--i wanna commission a dress. Your fashion show was impressive. Thanks, but snowflake ball's tomorrow, And I kinda hate y, so-- I know, but this is about shion, not friendship, j. Hazel and is keep biting my style, And I need something custom. I'm very expensive. I hope so. I think we'd better have a second snowflake machine. I an, it is called the snowflake ball. We can't have drizzle. I thought the decorating committee Agreed on poinsettias. Ohthey did. I didn't. Uh, casablanca lilies. Sneaky. Hey, thanks for offering, um, to help out. It's really been fun. Well, when you just happened to mention My background inound systems And lack of volunteer hours at the last p.T.A. Meeting... I so of got your signal. Sorry. I had to get out of the house, And I didn't want to be wn here alone. You and bart still haven't talked. No, it's my fault. Since thanksgiving, I've pretty much hung up the, uh, Marital "do not disturb" sign. Well, You're gonna have to talk to him sooner or later Well, isn't that what new year's resolutions are for? Have you decided If you're going to, uh, make it to the dance or not? Witness the fruit of your labors jury's still out. All right,ell, if you do, save me a dance. Yeah, I'll talk to you later. We need to talk. Fine Aw, they're adorable! You know, I feel inspired to... Shop at the gap. Or, , validate my self-image with overpriced cosmetics. Wait a minute. You sure this one didn't just ce with the frame? Womehave been the focal point for artists throughout history, Exactly And with blondie the bombshell, no less-- sena, dan, hey. This is lexi. The ex? I was wondering when'd finally meet you. So i-i know I probably should've asked you sooner, But how would you feel About coming with me to the snowflake ball? I would love to, But I don't--i don't think it's a very good idea right now. Oh, you mean, you haven' told jenny about us? Look, I know you guys are close, And I'm the last person who'd want to come between friends. But believe me. Jenny doesn't care. I mean, she prettyuch blew me off. But what--what if she didn't? I mean, what if you found out that she still liked you? I mean... Vanessa, I'm--i'm really happy right now. Let's just go with this. Please. Okay. Okay. But... What? What? We're ingossip girl" country, so rein in your horses. Hmm. You're probably right. Huh? Okay. So tell me. Whatever happened between you and nate? I'm sorry? Please. Your kiss was all over "gossip girl." And he was living here, wasn't h It--uh, yeah, for a little bit. Um... Why do you care? Now that the archibald name is on the social rebound, I was thinking of asking nate to the ball. So what's thstory? Nothing. Um, nothing even happened between us, so... Well, I wouldn't beat yourself up about it. I mean, you had to know it was doomed from the start. He's upper east side, and you're, well... Here. Yove gotta be kidding me. Sorry, ladies For those of you who are hoping to find Nate Archibold Under your tree Looks like he's already pick up his own I really don't appreciate Your showing uunannounced at a school function. I'm sorry, but you haven't left me many options, And we do need to talk. Fine. Talk. It's, uh... It's been a long time since I've beea husband, lily. And I just want you to know that I fired andrew tyler, That private investigator who gathered all those files. No more snooping. No more trying to control you and the kids. It's done, and I'm sry for everything. Thank you, but, um, I don't think that that's enough. Wellthen tell me what is, and I'll do it. I can change, lily. You know I can... If you'll let me. I should be back from my miami trip In time to go to the ball. So if you want to think aut what I said And are willing to give me a second chance, I'd be honored to accompany you. I, um, I have to go. There's a few more tngs I have to do inside. I know lexi can be a bit much. Blair waldorf is my best friend. Can handle "much," but that felt personal. She doesn't mean anythg by it. She thinks she's protecting me. Oh, great! Well, how long is the enforcer gonna be with us? Uh, she's staying th her folks through the holiday. So is that christmas eve? Or are we talking new year's eve? Or--or maybe boxing y? You have any kopi luwak back there? Uh, kopi what wak? It's a coffe made from berries That have been passed by the asian palm civet. It's a c. Oh. I had it in indonesia. It's delicious. Well, Our cat lives with our grandmother in florida My sister has allergies. That's a shame. Yeah, uh, we d however, have this bag here Of nondescript beans whose berries have been passed Through a massive corporate infrastructure, so... You're funny. Come on. It would mean a lot toe if you gave her a chance. Plse? Okay. Fine. But as long as we're swappi favors here, It'd really make me fe much better about you Spending all this time with her if you... I don't know, escorted me to my senior winter dance? Fine. U got yourself a deal. So... New plan for tonight-- Dan here has agreed to give me a walking tour of brooklyn... Yeah, last-minute, i-- and I thought it Might be fun for e four of us to hang out Get to know each other. I mean, unless the two of you guys want to hang out alone. No, no. Sounds great, lexi. Anyone home? I have a gift certificate to grimaldi's, And I'm thinking double pepperoni. Everything okay? How could you? Really, vanessa? Lying and seeing nate behind my back? I'm... So sorry. I have been meaning to tell you. I just wast sure how. You ew this entire time why nate wasn't calling, And it was because he was with you! I derstand that you're upset. But if I remember correctly Youkissed nate behind my back first. And I felt so horrible about it That I ran after you, and you were gone. So what happened to not letting a guy get in between us? Are you really that desperate, vanessa?! Are you that jealous, jenny? Oh, my god! I'm sorry you found out this way. I . But since you haveyou might as well know that nate asked me To the ball tomorrow nig, and I think I'm gonna go. What do you want, bass? It occurred to me day When I was having my afternoon shiatsu I choose your date You, why? Why not? And it'll let me prove I know you better than anyone ee. Fine. Then I choose yours. I bring a date for you, you bring one for me. Paying attention To the other desires There has to be something to keep you honest... And make things interesting. Name the stakes. Ifou actually like your date, I get your limo for a month. Fine. And if you like yours, I gedorota. What? Dorota? Yes, miss blair? Fine. By the way, I take my breakfast in bed. What are you staring at? Go polish something. You know, i-i write on these benches all t time. And actually, norman mailer Used to live in that townhousright there. You can't imagine homany times I thought about knocking on s door. Why didn't you? Uh, common crtesy? Okay. It's a door, but... Whaver. No. E's-- she's--she's right. I-i n't know why I'm always so worried Abt what people might think of me. It certainly hasn't paid off. Wow! And he, I thought the "y" chromosome Was incapable of change. Look at you two branching out. Aaron decided he would escort me To the snowflake ball tomorrow night. Oh. Wait, I'm sorry. Pause. Snowflake ball? Yeah. Yeah, it's this, uh, This, uh, school charity dance that serena and I have. And you're going as well? Yeah. And what? I'm here to test-drive the norman mailer anecdote For your actual date tomorrow night at the ball? No. Uh, no I don't have a date, actually. Uh, you know what? I just h the craziest idea. Why don't the four of us go together? That is, if you would be my date. Well, it depends. That little speech you st gave... Well, he doesn't live there anymore. Not really the poi, is it? He--he--the man's dead. Come now. Ring doorbell. You okay with h coming tomorrow? Well, yeah. It's a little "when harrmet crazy." But as long as dan's fine with it... I'm guessing he'll end up being more than fine with it. Meing? Lexi likes to sleep with guys on the first date. She claims it's a political statement Against male-dominated sexual hypocrisy. Or something. Well, can't she just vote? In her defense, she--she-- she dates very few guys. But once there's one in hersights, That's pretty much it You still okay? Whatever. Yeah, whatever. Taking off? Rning meeting in miami. I should be back tomorrow. Sure that's wise?Seems The old marriage thermostat is headed South of late. And whose ult is that Thanksgiving was a disaster because of those files. You think I don't know who had the combination to that safe? Every time I think we're making pgress... Yoshow your true colors. Hey. Uh, your housekeeper let me in. Good, then she can let you out. What? And tell your frnd vanessa It's not wise to fish in our pond. Mm. Well, she's not my friend. Really? Because we were just trying to think of a way To send her a little message. Feast your eyes, ladies. Well what do you think? I think you shouldn't Stand in front of the light in that dress. Oh, my god!It's see-through! Well, that's one way to be the center of attention. Least you don't have to worry about going home alone. Oh, what do you guys think vanessa's Wearing to the ball? She's going to t ball Yeah, with nate. Jenny, isabel's dress looks a little like one of yours, Don't you think? No.  Not at l. I know of a little something called "lining." Well, what if you didn't? Snowflake or snowfake Either way, it's gonna be a ball Chuck is in for the shock of his life. I have depths he'll never plumb, But I know every inch of his wafer-thin soul. What do you think? You're right. Louboutin peep toes, always. Hey, just so you know, seeing someone with ur ex, Even if you think you're ready... Not easy. I assume you're talking about Your lame outer-boroughs double date last night What happened? Uh, nothing. It was great... Ght up until Dan asked lexi to go with him to the snowflake ball. So they're going to the dance? Yeah, and then I found out She tends to extend herself to guys on a first date. So? So?! We're--we're friends. So shouldn't i, likegive him a heads-up or something? Oh, absolutely. Guys hate to be caught off guard with sex on the first date. You're right. You're right. I should just not think about it. Exactly, just like I'm sure dan doesn't ink about You and aaron all horizontal and sweaty. Wait, you guys have slept together, haven't you? Why not?! He's hot, and you actually like him. How often do you find thatin the Which is w I haven't rushed into anything. You wanna wait? Fine. But in the meantime, N is going to be taking a ride on the lexi-coaster. Think about it. Jenny. What are you doing here? I'm still mad at you. So what, You're gonna kille and put me in the garment bag I can't sleep last night I was up half the night making this Before I realizedwho it was for. You made that for me? Yeah. I mean, um... I said some pretty awful this 'cause I was hurt. So I guess just consider this a peace offering. You'll look great. I, uh... I don't-- I don't know what to say. Just say you'll try  on. Okay. I thought I made it clear That wneed to find chuck the perfect date. Kristin curran is the loosest girl in our class. Don't you know At chuck doesn't like his fruit pre-picked? She has long hair. In poland, long hair symbolizes-- and elizabetphillips Is somhere between mormon and moron! How did you come up withhese? Facebook. I joined few groups. This has to be chuck's dream girl-- Intelligent but not a bookworm, Strong-willed but still feminine. An equal. And he likes brunettes with deep brown eyes. But, miss blair, tt's you-- no, that girl is out there, And you better hope for your sake that I find her! Please. I don't want to shine mr. Chuck's shoes for month. Yeah, his shoes if you're lucky. What? Nothing. Now get back to work. Ticktock, ticktock. Hello? You know, when you rent a tux in ooklyn, They throw in the shoes. No, i-i didn't know that. Um, what's going on? Uh, well, this is probably stupid, But I just wanted to make sure that this was all okay with you. You know, uh, you, me, lexi and aaron. Yeah, of--of course. Why wouldn't it be? Well, I don't know. Dramatic precedent? Well, I think we've outgrown that. Good. Good. Me, too. Uh, yoknow, I have to say, I'm really looking forrd to this tonight. Oh, okay. Great. Um, I will--i'll justtalk to you later Yeah, i-i'll see you. So... I-i so apprecie you coming tonight. I know. You've thanked me a dozen times. I know. I know, but, um... I wanna thank you... Properly. Later tonight. Really? There. It's beautiful. Um, jenny, about the whole-- handbag. Here. I'm gonna get going. Wait. I have to tell you something. When I flipped out on you yesterday And asked if you were jealous, It's because I always have been a little... Of you andan. And to me,rowing up, you guys had it all. And it doesn't excuse at I'm about to tell you, but... NATE CALLING It's cool. You don't-- you don't have to tell me. And... No, it's fine. , have fun tonight, though, okay? Bye. I'm glad you called. The's something I have to talk to you about. , i, um, I'd rather do it tonight in person, actually. Hello, mrs. Landingham. Could you tell bart That I'm waiting for him to go to the snowflake ball? Well... A meeting? Well, who's it with? Andrew tyler? Let me call you back. Hi. Uh, it's me. Could you info mr. Bass... That my plans have changed? I won't be waiting, And he shouldn't come to the ball. We all set? Jenny called after she delivered the dress. Brooklyn betty walks in, we cue the song... Hazel's new boyfriend hits her with thspotlight. I hate you all. Anwe expose her in nothing but her cheap glass slippers. Nate... Save me a dance? Oh. Uh, yeah. Sure. Are you chuck bass? Are you blair's girl? Not bad. You know, the roof has a ectacular view of the city. Excuse me. He's taken. Shoo. You look lovely. Not as lovely as I'll look in my limo. Where's my prie uncharming? Sabox rules. I'll show you mine if you show me yours. Fine Here she comes. Justine, this is chuck bass. Very nice to meet you. You can't be serious. I need to talk to you. Excuse us. Looks like tonight's the night. What, uh, what are you-- what are you talking about? Well, aaron likes to play things a little close to the vest. Took aittle arm-twisting, but I finally found out That serena gave him the green light for tonight. Oh, you--they-- they haven't had sex? U're not as quick on the uptake As you pretend to be humphrey. Do you care? I don't. I don't. We both know that I'm you're one and only, And a canal street knockoff seemedike the best option. My thinking exactly. Fine. You know, if beta-bass is anything like the original, I've no doubt That sooner or later, he'll disappointment me. And I'm curious to see if the new blair Has all the features I so enjoyed on the oldodel. So t bet is still on? Unless you're prepared to concede? To you? Neve Hi, rufus. Where's bart? I'm leaving him. I'm doing it for me. I don't expect anything. Expt maybe a dance. Uh, so you and aaron seem likeyou're ha So do you guys. What? Uh, no, uh, lexi told me about... Your--your and aaron's plan tonight, that's all. Oh. I am gonna miss her when she's gone. No, I only mention it Because we're, you know, we're friends now. So, uh, is there anything you wanna Talk aut? Well, what's there to talk about We've--we've been dating for a while. We've gotten to know ch other. It's not like we're rushing intonything. Right. And that' uh, that's, you know, that's important. Well, it is to some people. I know lexi has A more "come hither" attitude about sex. Ght. Wait, what? Well, she'planning on seducing you tonight. Seduce--sedung me? I... What does "wow" mean? Well, i-i always assumed that i... Would, uh... You know, again sooner or later. Maybe "assumed" is a strong word. "hop" is probably more accurate. What? Mm. Nothing. I just... You and lexi together... I-i just thought sex was aningful to you, you know? Well, it is, And especially when I haven't had it in a long time. Right. Okaythen. Have fun. Well, serena, i... Was kidding. There you are. I'm parched. Drinks? Sure. Jenny? What are you doing here? It--it doesn't matter. I'm ending things with nate. What? I never meant to hurt you. Please believe that. Where is she? How long does that Subway thingy take? Maybe she's not coming Or little j. Had second thoughts. Vanessa! Finally. Showtime. Wow, you look gorgeous thank you. I need tell you something, And while I do, I need for you not to say anything. Okay. I've, ... I've nev... I've never felt this way about anyone before. Never. And it made me do something that I can't believe I did. Jenny never got your letter. That's why youever heard from her again. I took it before she saw it. And I'm sorry. Vanessa! Poor vanessa. Even cinderella Was given the courtesy of a stealth getaway. Then ain, what's a pair of ugly stepsisters Compared to jenny humphrey? Vanessa, here. Take this. Vanessa, wait. Please! Looks like it might turn out to be An unhappily ever after for everyone. Jenny, did you do that to vessa? You don't understandthough. Oh, she completely-- She what? She lied? She went behind your back? So what? For that she deserved to be publicly humiliated? She's your friend, jenny. You know, there's no reason for meo tell you this now, But I wrote you this letter after the fashion show, Telling u I had feelings for you. I never got that. No, I know. Vanessa stole it. But she felt so bad about it, she came and told me the truth. Okay, look, i... I know what you must think ofe right now. But if I'd-- if I'd gotten that-- well, I'm glad you didn't. Honestly, you're not who thought you were. Where are they? Relax. They'll be here somewhere. This is the worst out--body experience ever. Hey! Explain this! After you and chuck walked off, justine and I got to talking. He took me up to theoof, and we looked over the city. Well, of course he did. We just knew we were meant for each other. Bushe's me, only less. I gave her that headband. We're as surprised as you a. Everne, even our doppelgangers, Cawork it out, but we can't? I hate that I have to hurt him. Know it sounds strange, But I suddenly feel horrible out what I have to do. I'd be worried abt you if you didn't. And the kids. Oh, eric has become so accustomed to him. Eric wants you to be happy. I never thought my life would turn out like this. I've always tried to do the right thing. It's all youcando. Ju, uh... Smile and fake it. Tell me something, rufus. What? Something you shldn't. I nevewanted to weigh in about your relationship with bart. I was... Afraid of what I might say. Which was? I let you go on your wedding day because... I was afraid I coun't give you what you needed. I wasn't surwhat I needed. And I ve regretted it every day since. As much as I appreciate mpany from the airport, I thought I made myself clear. Your services are no longer required. Trust me, you gave me a final asgnment, And you do wanna know what I found out. This isn't a good time, chuck. She's here. What are you talking about? Lily's at the ball with rufus humphy. And fromhat I'm seeing, You should figure something out and get down here now. What do you have? Charles. You've been good for him, Good for us. I always liked you, Regardless of how I may have acted. He's on his way here. You owe hia conversation. Vanessa! Wait. You stole my letter. I know. Is there anything else yowanna tell me? Pretty sure that was it You said you never felt this way about anyone before. Ishat true? Does it matter? Okay, listen, after all we've been through... When you walked away tonight, all I could think was, "she's the one I want to be with." So, yeah, it matters. It's easy for you to say Because you didn't just pull a janet jackson At the snowflake ball. You wanna grab a drink? Yes, I would. Somewhere dark with no backlighting. Well, maybe a little backlighng. Mm, let'go. Okay. Don't think we didn't see you try and save her. We should've known you didn have what it takes. You never did. You know, I don't know what's more pathetic-- That I wanted to be one of you, or that I wa Actually scared of you. Either way, That leaves you with thetic, you and your friend Uh, oh, vanessa? Vanessa is ten times the person you will ever be. That is why you hate her so much. It'sinda easy For you to talk big when you're hiding out in brooklyn. Well, maybe we shod change that. I'll seeou guys around. Dance with me. What's the point, chk? We're never gonna be them. You said so. Remember? It's not for us. Maybe. But it wouldn't change us T if it meant losing what we have. And what do we have, chuck? You tell me. Tonight. So shut up... And dance with m Hello? Yes, this isily bass. Think maybe we should wait for, uh, aaron and serena? I don't know. I thought it mighte fun for the two of us to hang out... Alone. Right. Right, alone. Y-you know what? We came with them, so I just-- I wouldn't want to be rude. I mean, uh... I don't know. Are you hungry? 'cause I know a great place we could go-- dan. Hey. Hey, guys. What's up? Do--do you mind if I talk to dan for a second? No. No, I don't. I'm gonna--i'll grab us a cab. I'll get one for us, too. I just want to apologize for hoi acted earlier. I... I'm very No, no apology necessary. I-i didn't want you to go off toght And, uh, do atever it is you're gonna do, Um, without me just... Cleari the air first. Well, uh, well, consider it cleared. And by the way, I didn't mean to pry earlier about all that stuff. No, I know. Well, uh... Good, i--good. We can bot.. Go with clean air. Yeah. Yeah, I guess so. Was meaningful with you. It... It--it was the greatest night of my life. Mine, too. W-why--why does it feel like We're cutting some mythological tie? I don't--i don't know, but it--t it does. Are we-- Serena, where's charles? I-i don't know. I need to find him. Mom, what's wrong?