I was willing to do what was necessary. Including lying to Chuck. I am K.C.. I am Olivia's publicist. I am actually looking for a job. Have you ever thought publicity? How could 've you never heard of Olivia Brook That "endless knights" series... It's King Arthur with vampires. She plays Guinevere. My father turned his first profit by the time he was 22. I hope to do it by the time I'm 21. The manager of the inn wants to meet you. Horace Rogers, meet Chuck Bass. Man, come here. Constance is gonna be so different. There's no more hierarchy, no more mean girls. We're here to make sure you get exactly What you want this year. You need to be cold to be queen. Go make sure my spot's free at the met steps, And wait there with a yogurt for me. All Hallows' eve...The one day of the year It's socially acceptable to play dress-up. The only question is...who do you want to be? There are costumes to make men feel like boys again Or turn little girls into queens. Jenny, please let me go through this closet. There's no room for your new things. Does this even fit you anymore? Yes. Perfectly. All of it does. We're 183 on Travelocity, Right behind the Holiday Inn LaGuardia. Who needs travel sites, With their huddled masses Searching the internet late night, trolling for deals? Without those masses I'm at less than 20% occupancy for the holidays. That's why you should open the club. Once that's the place to be seen, You'll be so booked, you can turn away The tasteless tourists in fanny packs. I was thinking an '80s theme. Although shoulder pads can be overwhelming On my delicate frame. This is a business, not a high school party. I told you I was sorry for my little transgression, And you forgave me. Now either make me kiss a girl already Or let's move on. I apologize. I've been on edge lately. With all my liquid assets tied up in this hotel, I have to make sure everything gets done right. "Right" for the Chuck Bass I know means "right now." People think I'm playing a game, And they want me to lose. I have to prove I'm not just Bart Bass' son. My impulsive tendencies have no place In my life as a legitimate businessman. Well, you're very sexy when you're legitimate. Thank you. I'm late to meet my accountant. You understand I have to do this my own way. Of course. Mark? I want to book you for the opening of a new club. All right, so I gotta ask. Did you bring it? Yeah. I got it. Are you 100% sure you want to do this? Yeah, you know, I mean, Olivia and I have been dating for a couple weeks now. It's getting pretty serious at this point. I've waited so long, it's embarrassing. Yeah, sure, but once you go there, you can't go back. Believe me, I... I know. I know. I...I...I really think I'm ready. Oh. Enjoy, man. Six hours of pleasure. So you really think the sight of Olivia in fake fangs Reciting stilted dialogue is gonna be a deal breaker, Don't you? Oh, the dialogue's awesome. It's the, uh, it's the part without the talking. That's the problem. I think I can handle some PG-13 bloodsucking. Come on. Seriously, man, do you not get internet here in Brooklyn? Okay. Patrick Roberts, who plays her vampire costar, Was her boyfriend the whole time they were shooting this. All the blogs said they got really into it And started doing it for real, Like sex-tape- On-the-cutting-room-floor real. I think the most disturbing part in all this Is that you've been reading "endless knights" blogs. Okay, that's...I know you think you're okay with it, But you don't want to  watch your girlfriend with another guy. I mean, comparing looks and noises... No, see, that's the problem with your theory. I don't...I don't...I have no idea if she makes noises yet. We haven't gotten to the noises stage, Although we, uh, we do have plans tomorrow night, so... Hold on a second. Maybe this is her. Spotted...one star with her hand in the cookie jar. Even perez hilton knows our lonely boy Is going to be getting a halloween treat. What the hell is this? It looks like olivia's picking up some free... I know what she's doing. I want to know why. I assume it's because she wants to practice safe sex. She shouldn't be practicing anything Without patrick roberts, who's in toronto on a movie. This obviously means you didn't take care Of the dan humphrey situation like I asked you to. It's not a situation. It's a relationship. They're very happy together. Well, since I'm not a couples counselor, Their happiness is irrelevant. Serena, without "endless knights," Patrick is on the road to Mark Hamill-hood. Is that the guy from "star wars" that's not Harrison Ford? Not dating olivia is the nail In patrick's culturally relevant coffin. I'm not being ironic about vampire movies. I'm sorry about patrick, but I told you, If you want dan and olivia to break up, That's something you're gonna have to do yourself. Look, olivia's trying To be a "real" girl and not taking my calls, So I suggest you make yourself useful. Unless, of course, you see yourself delivering