your one and only source into the scandalous lives of manhattan's elite. oh, my god. You'll never believe what's on "gossip girl. " Someone saw serena getting offthe train at grand central. I thought everythingwas good between us. It was...before I found out you had sex with my boyfriend. I didn't come back for you. Look, blair's my best friend,and you're her boyfriend. And she loves you. You'd really go outwith some guy you don't know? Well, you can't be worsethan the guys i do know. Well, our kids were bound to meet.It's a small island. Are you sure it's not some ploy, your using my daughterto get to me now that your wife left you? Do you ever feel like our whole lives have beenplanned out for us, that we're just gonna end up like our parents? Man, that's a dark thought. Your mother and I didn'twork this hard so you can just make things upas you go along. it's a facilityfor the disturbed or addicted. The question is, what do you do now? I was thinking... total social destruction? And here I thought you were getting soft. It's becauseof their excellent program that a student here with ustoday is clean and sober... at least, for now. She's in rehab? No, it's not her.It's her brother who's there. I know I said some thingsabout you and your world, and I'm sorry. Why did you leavewithout saying good-bye? I didn't know how to beyour friend after what I did. I'm so sorry. Spotted in central park-- two white flags waving. So what will it be-- truce or consequences? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> gossip.girl Season1 Episode04</font> sorry, but you're not on the list. Of course I am. This is my dream! not anymore. oh, serena, it's so wonderful to see you. hey, upper east siders. There's nothing gossip girl likes more than a surprise, and we hear blair waldorf's got a 2-for-1 special-- her mom eleanor, who just returned from paris, and serena van der woodsen, brunch buddies. Hey!You're up. Did we have plans? Darling, it is impolite to interrupt. I was just telling serena that bendel's is interested in carrying my line. Really? Oh, that's fantastic! Why didn't you say something? I came back from paris early to put together my lookbook, and if they like what they see, it could be the beginning of an entire lifestyle collection. Because more people should be like you, mother. Before you tuck into that, you find a low-fat yogurt more appealing. I lost 2 pounds when you were away. And you look marvelous. Wow, these are beautiful, mrs.Waldorf. Well, they will be if they're not all squished from traveling. Darling, please. Serena, you have to come back later when everything is unpacked. I would love to hear your thoughts.You do have such great personal style. Oh, thank you, but i don't think we'll be able to. Blair and I have plans today. We do? Serena and blair might have plans for the day, but nate and chuck are fully booked for the weekend... if they survive it. - Found it. - Piaget. Can't you just call it a watch? If it costs more than 10 grand, it earns a proper name. How about this? Definitely that. Babe ruth's called shot-- the most famous homer he ever hit. Better safe than sorry. here we go. you've lived through ivy week and hopefully gained entry to the college of your choice. Now let's ruin those chances. Let me remind you of the rules-- as of this moment, there is no outside world that I do not show you. You eat what I provide, practice what I preach, and till I say so, the only girls you talk to are the ones I've paid for. Yeah! Let the lost weekend commence! one, two, three, twins! who brought the sasquatch? Isn't that carter baizen? I haven't seen him since he was a senior and we were in the eighth grade. He looks intense. Are you high? He looks like matthew mcconaughey between movies. The guy's a loser. Look, anyone who trades theirtrust fund for a fanny pack flies in the face of all that is holy to chuck bass. Nate archibald,is that you? Baizen, my man!I heard you went rogue! - and lived to tell about it. - Hey. Seems like someone's itinerary didn't leave room for interlopers. Doesn't chuck know a party isn't a party until someone crashes? oh, god. I forgot whatit was like to be with you. No, they were looking at both of us. Don't insult me. It's beenlike this all morning, starting with your lovely visitwith my mother. She didn't even call me to tell me she was coming home. Well, she was busy. She was rushing to get homeand everything because she wanted to see you. She didn't even wake me up. Well, you know how eleanorfeels about beauty rest. She likes you more than me. She does not.You are her daughter. She doesn't like anyonemore than you.She just... I don't know, doesn't knowhow to show it sometimes. Okay, I'm going inside.Wait for me.I'll be right back. Humphrey!Dan!Hey! Hey! oh, my god, this iswhat I love about this city-- you're alwaysbumping into people. What are you doing here? Oh, I'm just on my wayback from my mom's, dropping jenny offup in hudson. Picked up a couple of cubansfor me and my dad... sandwiches, not cigars. hey, uh, remember you said, uh,we could get together sometime and, um, not talk? I was just wondering,is it "sometime" yet? That was disgusting.The D.O.H.Should shut them down. - The bathroom? - No, the people. It's callednolita, not noshowers. What are you doing here? Do I smell pork? And cheese? Okay, well, when you're donewith your charity work, why don't you come find me? I'll be at tory burchlooking at ponchos. Isn't that the girlthat told the entire school-- and, oh, several colleges--that you had a drug problem? Yeah. but, you know,blair can be a little... - blair. - Yeah, yeah. we're actuallytrying to work things out. Today's our first dayhanging out together alone. so I shouldprobably get back. - Yeah.Yeah, sure.That'S... - yeah. But, um, call me sometimeso we can get together and do that thingyou didn't ask me to do. so I don't understand.The last timeI saw your sister, she said your familyhad locked you out and you'd fallen off the face of the earth. I didn'T.I just fell offthe face of theirs. But once you turn awayfrom money you see it doesn't buy you freedom, it pays for your prison. They say I disappeared, but all I did was break out. - Where'd you go? - Where didn't I? I aided the cleanup post-katrina, spent a yearrebuilding machu picchu-- which, let me tell you,it's changed my life. I bought an H.D.Cam and started filming it for a documentary-- you're the guywho gave us our first joint, snuck us into our first club, and you're gonna tell me the life of youtube filmmakeris better than this? You invented the lost weekend. Hey, who cares about a partywhen you can travel the world? exactly. In the real world,the only thing that matters is who you are,not what you own. As muchas I love the speech about not needingmaterial things from a guy who hasthat much product in his hair, this party is about excess,not exposition. Stop talking. Start partying. Now here is somethingthat doesn't need material. As a matter of fact,it's about to come off. Who's with me? I think I'm just gonnahang here for a bit. Fine. I'd hate to break upa matched set anyway. how about we continue thisover some cards? None of this crapthese kids are playing. Texas hold'em is dead. you know, I'll show yousome real action. You know what? I'm in this weekly gamein this, uh, corner in queens. It goes all night. It's the real deal--high stakes, big money, people with the kind of storiesthat would put mine to shame. You should--you should come. - Yeah. - Yeah? this one missedher cue at the chlo?show because she was throwing up a pear. ugh.She was invera's "vogue" spread. I don't use vera's models. None of these are right. Well, that's because you're looking atthe high fashion book when you should belooking for a new face-- you know, someone wholooks good in your clothes. Someone in this book, like I told you. I hate the american appareleffect. But they're closerto what you need. They're--they're now,they're hip. If this person is supposedto represent waldorf designs, you have to find mesomeone... worthy of the clothes. Someone like me. Someone like... my daughter. Well, why not her? You want your line to representthe waldorf lifestyle. Who better to represent you than one of your own family? She was my first dress form. She'd love to! I would? Eleanor? Yes. it's perfect. Eleanor waldorf, meet the new faceof waldorf for bendel'S. Yay! is that a smile we see on B.'S lips? The spotlight'son her for once, and S.Actually helped her get it. I guess miracles can happen. It's gonna be so hot. The clothes are gorgeous. They're all right. Oh, shut up.They're amazing. I'm justdoing my mom a favor. The hair and makeup testis tonight. I think this is my best pose. that's because youcan't see what you look like. You're just a hand model,and that's it. The right way is this. Girls, no.This is how you do it. No, no, no. Gotta curve your spine forward, elongate. Oh, no.You guysare doing it all wrong. - Look, you're missing the key. - Show us. Look, look, look.You gottaput the hand on the hip and pop. That's how you gotta do it. - pop.Pop. - No, like this. hello? Uh-huh, who's this? Oh! Who'd dare interrupt the van der woodsen as she teaches? I said, "who?" Give me my phone! - Dan humphrey. - Who is it? I'm sorry.The number you'vedialed is no longer in service. Stop it!who is it? I'm doing you a favor. Look, I can hear you.Can ijust please talk to serena? Apparently,you can, cabbage patch. - Come on.Let me have it. - god. Hello?Dan!Hey. I'm so, so sorry about that. And I'm so, so readyto hang up. Blair was just playing. You havemy full attention, I promise. Good, 'cause I was calling to ask you to not talk with me at a movie tonight. TonightWhere?What time? The sunshine, 7:00. I'd love to. Uh, I'll see you there. See you there. It's complicated, isn't it? I can't stop staring at it. It's difficult work. I mean that in the best way. It's enigmatic. It reminds me ofan early bacon or schnabel. The artist is in hudson. I've represented herfor some... time. Rufus. Bex simon. I've heard a lotabout your gallery. I wasn't expecting a piece likethis from a former rock star. I prefer"one-hit wonder. " what turned you gallerist? I've always hadartistic pursuits. We have something in common. I always pursue artists. I've been in brooklyn all daylooking for work for a client. I'm a buyer. I didn't thinkI'd find a piece like this, and I don't thinkit'll be here long. I'd to put it on hold. May I? Yeah, of course. What time do you close? I'll stay open. Good. thank you. what is carterstill doing here? I invited him. Or he invited himself? That is his style. Begging us to break freeof our prisons while stuffing his face with free foodand draining our booze. He's a deadbeatand a hypocrite. And a good ballplayer,if I remember right. You sure you just don't wannalose to him there, chuck? Maybe if your d...bought you a basketball team instead of a hotel, you'd have some skill. Look, this isthe lost weekend for juniors, not senior citizens. Go jump into a volcano. Let's just settle it on the court. Let's settle it right now. Hey, chill out. No, this is my game.I pick the players. I get it.I'll go. Hey.Hey, man. - Is that card gametonight? - Yeah. - Hey, text methe address later. - I will. You didn't have to do that, man. Nobody wanted him here. He's an older brotherbringing everyone down. Let's just play some ball. okay, blair, relax.Chin down.Hold it there and... okay, you ready? okay, one more.This time, let's exhale. Jump around, loosen up. Now really loosen up on this one.Let's relax into it. Now give methe biggest pose you've got. That's it.Come on, big!Let's think big, big, big. One, two, three! okay, take a break.Thank you very much. Who chose this girl? Eleanor.Why? She's so prim and stiff,like a bookcase.It's unnatural. Yeah, but she looks stunning in the clothes, don't you agree? Mm-hmm, to my eye,like a goddess. To this eye?Bleh.like a statue. This is retail.It's not editorial.She needs to let go,have fun, loosen up. How's the clientgoing to like the dress if the modeldoesn't even like herself? hey! First of all,you look amazing! I know. but look,can I give you a little tip? How did I know this was coming? No, no, look,all you need to do is maybe you could, uh,loosen up a little, you know? shake it out. Um, maybe you could be goofy,like when we were 10 and we would dance aroundto "genie in a bottle" in your mom's clothes. Help me.Help me. Um, okay. act like a tiger, okay?Come on. - Rawr! - Rawr. No, no, you gotta roar.Rawr! Rawr! Yeah, yeah, yeah!Give memore tiger!Give me more tiger!You're in that jungle. - Rawr! - You're a savage! Now let's doa prettier one this time, okay? You're venusin the half shell, right? So just look up... let's do something crazylike britney with the umbrella. Okay, britney with the umbrella.Go! - Rawr! - At the car!At the car! posh spice in america.Ready?Go!That's "cyborg spice" to you. okay, you gotta pout moreand strike. Remember, I taught you the handon the hip. Strike it and pop. Come on, give me more,give me more, you sexy beast. Oh, it looks so good! You're doing so good!You got it! look how good you are. - Pout, pout, pout. - What are you doing? oh, shoot.I gotta go meet dan. No, you're staying here.I need you. I can't let my mother down. hey, you almost here? Hey,I'm really, really, sorry, but I'm kind of stuckat this photo shoot with blair. It's a long story, but I don't think I'm gonna be able to make it. Oh, a photo shoot, huh? It sounds really superficial,I know. But it's important to her and, you know,she's important to me. But I'll make it up to you, though, I promise. No, it's no big deal, really.Don't worry about it. You're the best. I knew you'd understand. I'll call you later. Yeah, yeah. how many? none. You're still here. Yeah, I told you I'd wait. Mm, a man who keeps his word. I like it. You get a chanceto talk to your client? I'm back, aren't I? - Write me up an invoice. - Really? That's great. Well,you're awfully excited. This isn't your first time,is it? Selling a painting. few firstsare left for me. But the artistwill be very pleased. She'S... been doingother things for a while. It's kind of a big dealfor her. Well, for my client, too. This is a very special piece. You wouldn't want to... I don't know--celebrate with a drink? actually, the previouslymentioned excited artist is my wife. I thought you said the artistlived in hudson. Long commute. She lives there. I don'T. If the trains everstop running... phase three--pub crawl. Five boroughs. 50 pubs... 500 chances to get laid. And remember,don't dip your shillelagh...in the wrong pot of gold. let's go.You can think aboutyour boyfriend inside. I'm not coming. seriously,carter baizen sucks. All right, I don't knowwhat spell he's put you under, but he's not your friend. He can't be trusted. And why is that? 'Cause he doesn't believewhat you believe in? It's exactly what he said-- the money, the drugs,the privileges. They're just keeping us numbso we don't know it's--it's better out therein the real world. The real world?Everyoneout there wants to be us. We are what you aspire to, not run away from. You really don't get me,do you? That dream of yours,you know, what is it, really? 'Cause I hear you talk about how you don't wantto go to dartmouth and how you don't want to followin your father's footsteps, but what exactly do you want? All I know isit's not this. Well, you better discoverwhat "it" is before you throw everything awaytrying to find it. And where are you going? how was the movie? Uh, missable... literally. I-I don't knowabout serena, dad. I-I can't tellif she's worth it. What do you mean? Well, uh, she's best friendswith this girl--blair waldorf-- who is basically everythingI hate about the upper east side distilled into one 95-pound,doe-eyed, bon mot tossing, label-whoringpackage of girlie evil. - no one's that bad. - She is. I would barely be exaggeratingif I told you medusa wantsher withering glare back. Well, if there's anythingI've learned it's that usually there'ssomething beneath the surface with people like that to make them act the way they do. Like what-- the O.J.In her mimosa was fromconcentrate, not fresh-squeezed? And--and what does this sayabout serena, that this isher best friend? I dateda girl like serena once-- actually, a lot like serena. And girls like thatare challenging.It's true. They're complicated and... enigmatic... and usually worth it. And the only wayyou'll know for sure is to jump in with both feet. What happened with you? I swam for a while... till I drowned. Well, that--thanks.That's a great story, dad. Now get some sleep, and I will see youin the morning. We'll goto the photo shoot together. You haven't done thissince I was little. You haven't been in bed by 10:00since you were little. You looked beautiful tonight,you know? Really? hello? How was the movie? Did I misssomething amazing? Well... well, uh,even without the movie. Don't be cocky. I'm calling youwith a makeup plan. - Oh, are you now? - I am. How would you like to seewhat really happens at a fashion shoot? I'm sorry.This is--this is dan humphrey. Are you sure you're nottrying to reach my sister? Look, I know it's a girlieoffer, but chew on this-- I'll be there. Can I bet on that? Because law of averagessays I lose my shirt. Oh, come on.It's blair's shoot, so I have to be there for moral support. Blair?Well,I'm definitely not going now. Look, she's reallynot as bad as you think. Besides, she's gonna beso busy with the shoot that you won't evenhave to see her, and since it's so boringon the sidelines, you'll havemy full attention. Okay, what if I buy you anythingyou want from craft service? I thought craft service was free. I'll see you in the morningat 8:00.I'm texting you the address. I'm hanging upbefore thou dost protest again. both feet, humphrey. what's the emergency apartfrom my not getting my sleep before the big day, laurel, and why couldn't we simply havediscussed it over the phone? Because if we didn'tmeet in person, I couldn't show you these. I don't think this girl iswhat you're trying to say-- unapproachable,controlled, perfect. She is not unapproachable.She is poised. She's regal. Look, I knowshe's your daughter, and I don't want to make problems... But your girlis rigid like a twig. You know,she's afraid to let you in, so your works of art and she fail to achieve-- what's the word? Symbiosis. What can be doneat this stage? Your daughter is beautiful, yes,but this girl-- this girl has it. She is warm like sunshine.She has fun. She will make the clients thinkif they buy these clothes, then they will have fun, too. But this is your line,eleanor. It's completely your choice. The rules for a model the day of a photo shoot are similar to those of a patient presurgery-- ***rior, wear comfortable clothing and make sure your affairs are in order. You never know what could go wrong in a flash. hey, B.You must either be sleeping or already on your way. But I can't wait to see you at the shoot. We're gonna have so much fun! Oh, thank godyou're awake. Am I late? Oh, my god.Oh, my god.Did I oversleep? Darling,I have some bad news. Terry, that foolof a photographer, thinks we need to go in a different direction. With the theme? With the model. Darling, I hired these peoplefor their expertise, and ultimately,they feel that... we would be doing the branda disservice. I-I cannot apologize enough. I know that you were reallylooking forward to this. No, I wasn'T. I'm--I'm gladI don't have to go. I hate shoots. They're so boring. You should havealessandra ambrosio, not an amateur. We'll have dinner after,yes? Steak frites and crepesat caf?des artistes, just like old times. I will see you later. hey, S. , All right,I hope you're not already there, because as it turns out, my modeling career's over faster thanjessica simpson's acting one. Now that I think about it, maybe we should crashthe shoot anyway and see whothey replace me with, make fun of the skinny bitch? how could you? Actually, I like this here. This is no joke,humphrey. What are you doingwith that? The question is, what are youdoing selling it to me? You... you're bex's client. Oh, and you didn't know. I'm just surprisedyou hired someone with taste. Oh, well,I am equally as shocked, because when she said she foundsomething amazing in brooklyn, your gallery never entered my mind. You'o have tactually recognizeart to remember the place. What I recognize is the fact that your wife would not wantthis hanging in my house. Alison'sa professional artist. She doesn't do background checkson prospective buyers, and neither do I. Besides,it's been almost 20 years. And you still don't know women. And you still know it all. Your wife despises me. I wouldn't say that. Well, she did. I mean, she may have beenwearing a slip dress and doc martens at the time,but she definitely meant it. She's not like you. She doesn'thold on to that stuff. Why don't you calland ask her? Or are you still giving herher space? Because trust me,putting this up in my house, even having this conversationwith you, will only drive herfurther away. Well, what do youwant me to do then? Take it back. You can call bexand set up a refund. So what'd you think of it? I thought... it was extraordinary. we got*** talk.where r u ***call you later hey, no phones. Oh, right.Sorry, man. How much you up? That's insane, amigo. I should probably quitwhile I'm ahead, huh? What?We just started. Well, I've had a good run. Plus, it's better to leave while you're up. I'm not--I'm not gonnalet you do that, bro. The table'sabout to get smaller. People are gonna startshowing their real stuff. Up until nowit's been cards, but... from now on,it's an adventure. Just a couple more hands. All right, gents, ante up. Okay. Let's hit it. you've got to be kidding me. Fantastic.One, two, three, come on--oh! There she is.Blair!Come on, quick. What took you so long? Hey. Blair. blairBlair, wait,where are you going? Blair, wait.Why are you so mad? Why am I mad? You meanwhy aren't i furious? I can't believefor one second I thought that it'd be different this time! You thoughtwhat would be different? You couldn't deal withthe spotlight shining on me for once, could you? What are you talking about? I was told we weredoing this together. What, did you not get my message? What about this morning then? When you glanced at the call sheet,did you see my name on it? When I wasn'tin hair and makeup, didn't that seem strange? When the dressing roomonly had your name on the door, what, did you think they just forgot? I was toldyou were running late, and they asked meto do some test shots first. Blair, they told me you wanted me here. And you believed them? Look, blair,I encouraged you to do this. Why would I try to stealsomething from you that I pushed you to do? Because you take everythingfrom me! - Nate, my mom! - Blair! You can't even help it. It's who you are. I just thought maybe this timeit would be different. I should have knownI'd be wrong. Great. Spotted-- lonely boy's rude awakening. Upper east side queens aren't born at the top. They climb their way up in heels, no matter who they have to tread on to do it. terry, I think it's very good. I like the bridgein the background, but we need her back. I know.What-- here you are terry wanted me to tell you how perfect you looked... - eleanor, I quit. - With these now. Wait a minute.Why? I think you know why. Because of blair? I know that she will support my decision... Once I explain it to her. You know you love the spotlight.You always have. It's part of your charm. There is nothing wrong with that-- who are you? What are you doing here? I have no idea, actually.I... hey, I k--I kinda overheard youguys in the stairwell there. Dan, look, I really can'tgonow. O-okay, well, forgetI said anything then. In fact, you know what?I'm mute.I'll just stand hereand blink real quiet. - Unless you want me to-- - hand me my jeans? Yes, please. It's just, uh, I thought you wantedto be on the sidelines here. I thought you wanted to be herefor your friend blair. You know, we weregonna get craft service, and I'd haveyour "full attention"? Say it. I-I don't think I have to. So my best frienddoesn't believe me, and neither doesthe guy I like. Look, dan, blair's mom basicallytricked me into coming here because she didn't want blair. How do you tell your best friendsomething like that? I-I didn't--I guess I didn't-- look, you know what, dan? Just go, okay? I-I need to clean up, and ijust need to get out of here. Serena send you hereto talk to me? No, believe it or not,I actually came here myself. normally, wouldn'tbe this close to you without a tetanus shot. my, uh, my mom kinda left usa couple months ago... only my... my dad and my sister don't really see that... 'cause she told us she hadto go away for the summer to, um, to follow her dreamof being an artist. But it's--it's not summer anymore, and she's still up there, and that's all she seemsto care about right now. Every time I go to see her, I tell myself, this time, I'm gonna tell her what I think. This time, I'm gonnalook her in the eye and say, "either come homeor leave for good. " And so there I was,just the other day. I was sittingacross the table from her, looking herstraight in the eye, and I didn't say anything. Why not? I don't know, but I wish I had, 'cause evenif it didn't change anything, she'd know how I felt. bullet, gentlemen. First bet. 5 to call. Hey, I don't have the money.Call his bet. It's all luck. Hey, you guysokay with a marker? I don't thinkthat's such a good idea. If you're ever gonnatake a risk, start now. What's the pointof anything less? it's fine. You sure he's goodfor it? Of course he is. He's an archibald. make it $10,000. five to call. call. Show your cards. Trip bullets.The trip aces take it. - That's rough. - You told me to. It's the luck of the draw,my friend. He--he had three aces. Look, I don't, um, it might take me a little while to get the money. Wait, wait, wait.Wait. A little while? come on, man. Snap your fingers. Wait a minute. Are you in with these guys? Did you play me, man?Are you playing me, huh? hey, hey, hold on. I guess that's a yes. Just give him the money, man.Money means nothing to you. This guys aren't playing,but no one has to get hurt. I'm trying to help you out. yeah,you're a real friend. Who let you in here, bass? He set me up. No one forced his hand. - Your boy lost fair and square. - Did you? Look, man, if you don't get 'emthe money right away, I'm gonna tell everyonewhere you live, and they can come get itfrom your d... What do you think about that? Look. Look, you got my watchand my ball. You keep them. Take care of these guys. I don't call the cops, and we walk out of here. it's cool.I-I-I got it.I got it. I'm gonna haveto transfer some money and pray the captaindoesn't notice before I find a way to put it back. You don't haveto pay me back, you know. I mean, it was worth every centto see the last of that guy. No, I want to. I mean it. Thanks. - that can't be right. - What's up? It says I'm zeroed out. Maybe you have the wrong account. No, no, no, no.There must be something wrong. I accessed this accountlast month, and it said there wasalmost $200,000. hey, tom, thanks for gettingback to me so quickly. Your message said it was important. Um, yeah, I was--I was checking my accounts, and I came acrosswhat I assume to be an error, in that my trust seemsto have a zero balance. Oh, uh, I thought you knew. That account was drainedweeks ago. Drained? But by who? Your father. He said he discussed itwith you. We--we have to solve this.I mean, what are we gonna do? I'm not into gettinga lingerie model. Uh, blair, honey, there's beena terrible mistake. How would you likeyour job back? Did you choose serenaover me? You could've pickeda stranger. You didn't have to choosemy best friend. What, did you thinkthat I wouldn't find out? I was going to tell youtonight... at dinner. It--there wasno right decision.There... there--there wasn't any time. I know you can understandall this. It was mishandled-- the whole thing--from top to bottom. You actually want meto agree with you. Bendel's will legitimizethis company. It will take everythingto the next level. You know how hardI have worked for that. You've always been my biggestsupporter, my biggest fan. I'm your daughter. And as my daughter, I knew that you wouldforgive me, in time, but if my company had lostthis deal because of you? I'd never forgive myself. I hope you never do. You didn't hear it from us, but in every girl's life, there comes a moment when she realizes that her mother just might be more messed up than she is. you're still here? Yeah, well,I thought I couldn't leave without bringing yousomething from craft service. Um, and, uh, and telling youthat I'm sorry I judged you. Well, I'm sorryI gave you reason to. Hey, how aboutyou ask me out again? How aboutyou actually show up? Okay. No drama,no disruptions.I promise. You promise?Oh, no!That meansit's never gonna happen now. Okay, quick.I take it back.I unpromise. Friday.8:00. I think we can agreeto those terms, but you can't wearthose shoes. Or that hair. Blair. Okay, see you then. All right. - so you were right. - I know. When I got that call,I should've known you had nothing to dowith it. And I should never have pushedyou to do this whole thing in the first place. Actually,I'm glad you pushed me it ended up beinga very important day for me. I just thoughtit was gonna be more fun. I know.Me, too. hey, you know what? Who says it still can't be? come on.Come on. this just in-- S.And B.Committing a crime of fashion. Who doesn't love a 5-finger discount? Especially if one of those fingers is the middle one. Where are my clothes? Everyone knows you can't choose your family, but you can choose your friends, and in a world ruled by bloodlines and bank accounts, it pays to have a pal. Do it again.One, two--one, two, three. as a B.F.F can make you go W.T.F, there's no denying we'd all be a little less rich without them. And serena and blair--they do besties better than anyone. no, that's not a tear in my eye. It's just allergies. Without you, I'm nothing. Gossip girl. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen