extra treats to fill your stockings. This episode is a Gothic cyber Victorian epic nightmare. # I used to rule the world # Seas would rise When I gave the word # Now in the morning I sleep alone # Sweep the streets I used to own... # Action! The Cybermen are quite up there. We haven't seen them for a couple of years, so it was great to see them marching through the snow. Who the hell is that? Hello. His name, sir... ..is The Doctor. ..is The Doctor. Doctor Who - Confidential "Christmas Special 2008" Transcript by Chocolate Subtitles updated by LauCass ~ Bad Wolf Team ~ ~ www.seriessub.com ~ it's an early scene when The Doctor arrives in this courtyard and meets the other Doctor. Hold on, who are you? I'm The Doctor. Simply, The Doctor. The one, the only, and the best. We start out with a bit of a mystery which again is unusual for a Christmas special. Who is this man? If you could step back, sir, this is a job for a Time Lord. He's had information into his head, so he's slightly been brainwashed into a situation where he believes he's someone else. At the start, you would absolutely believe this is who The Doctor has become. I love that conceit that The Doctor's companion in this episode would be himself. THEY LAUGH David Morrissey is in some ways the great Doctor we'll never have. I've been hunting this beast for a good fortnight. Step back, sir. We've just seen a Cybershade jump on a wall. The other Doctor and then The Doctor grab onto the Cybershade with a rope, and then get wheeched up through a window. I might be in a little bit of trouble. So to make this happen, we've put wires in the rope and hung the actors off the wires. Once more for a rehearsal, please, folks. Is there a way to get a bit more stable? Wires are always fun the first couple of times you get hauled up and down, because it is a bit like flying. But come take 10, when your back starts to go and other areas are needing some attention, it can start to feel like a long day. Action! Ah! I think I might be in a bit of trouble. Nothing changes. I've got you. Hold it there. Thank you very much. Reset, guys, please. Being in a harness for quite a long time, usually in a pair of highly padded cycling shorts to protect um, what dignity you might have left after three years of this. Look at that. Sexy! Actually, it was fine for the majority of the day. We were on there for four or five hours. Then we broke and I took the harness off. Then we had to go back into the harness. It was going back into the harness and doing it again, that really hurts. I don't know why. I bruised all my thighs. Good position? It is a good position. OK, thanks. That's a major cheat. We went up the side of that building about 17 times, making it look three or four times the length it actually was. There can be some chafing and there can be some unpleasantness, but you forget about that when it's cut together and hopefully all looks exciting. # Secrets of the universe # The mysteries of life # And the things That don't make sense # All come clear cos the music Takes me up... # # The music takes me up... # I'm not letting you out of my sight, Doctor. Don't you recognise me? No. Should I? Have we met? It's not slapstick, but it's quite a strange thing that they have to go through. This is hardly the right time for me to go through my social calendar. Argh! We want these two men to come together quickly. They could do that through dialogue but it's much better fun to have them pulled along by a rope. After that they're friends, no matter what happens. It's shorthand to bring them together. THEY LAUGH Oh! THEY LAUGH RIOTOUSLY It's quite a juicy part to cast. Oh, that's new. BOTH: Allons-y. Every actor wants to create good characters and be in good stories, and Russell and his team here have really created that with Doctor Who. You ask a lot of questions. I'm your companion. Whenever there were articles written about who's going to take over, there's always four or five names that crop up and Dave Morrissey is usually in there. That's not why we got him for this part. Dave Morrissey's name crops up because he's a great actor and we wanted a great actor. There's no way we thought, "Let's play into the game "of casting someone who might be the next Doctor." That's too complicated. You just want to cast a great actor. I've worked with David before. We did a series called Blackpool. Which was a musical, actually. We danced the tango together... ..to These Boots Are Made For Walking, a Nancy Sinatra number. # You keep lying When you ought to be truthing # And you keep losing When you ought to not bet... # We had a really great time on that. It was a very dark comedy-musical. We all sang and danced. # These boots are made for walking # And that's just what they'll do # One of these days these boots Are gonna walk all over you. # We were very good. The Doctor at first thinks he's another Time Lord and then gradually he realises that this man is working under an illusion. But I'm The Doctor. You became The Doctor. It becomes apparent in the story that the next Doctor is in fact not a Time Lord but a human, Jackson Lake. Let me just check. You told them you were The Doctor. Why did you do that? Oh, just...protecting you. There's a tiny moment where we cut some lines of dialogue. The Doctor listens to his heartbeat and originally in the script you realised he was listening to one heart. We took that out just to keep the mystery going longer. I can't remember... what happened to me. What did they do? I approached it in that way of a character who is suffering from memory loss and is working on an energy that is trying to get him to block out something that has been very painful for him, that's happened to him. JL. The watch is Jackson Lake's. The things that he's invented, particularly the TARDIS that he's invented himself, save the day. All that bravery. Saving Rosita, defending London town. Hm? The invention, building a TARDIS, that's all you. So actually in small ways, vital ways, he becomes a proper Doctor and helps to save the Earth. At your service, Doctor. He would have been a wonderful Doctor. The point is in the end that for the course of that story he was The Doctor. At one point my character, when he is completely delusional and does think he's a superhero, he decides to lasso this Cybershade. As an actor I have done very little lassoing in my life. So we got in this guy who taught me how to lasso, and it was brilliant. My name is Guido Louis. Gonna catch a monster, be exciting. I'm called in for the day to show David Morrissey about roping. Ha-ha! It was really good. I spent quite a lot of the morning with him and his rope. This is called a lasso. You have the loop ready and now you swing it above your head in this way. Throw it at the target, hopefully you hit it. That's good. The lasso we're using today is not an actual lasso. It's an ordinary rope. Quite heavy, quite thick, a lot heavier than I would use for a lasso. That's it. But I will show him how to lay it in his hands and swing it above his head. We can do it. We'll be all right. I had to aim at the first assistant and I got him first time, which I was very happy about. Ha! Ha! So yeah, my lasso skills are up there now. If I have to give up the day job I can join a circus. Excellent. In an abandoned Welsh warehouse, it's time for the two Doctors to go on the pull. Today I've been pulling The Doctors along through the Warehouse, which is linking from the scene we were shooting yesterday where I was pulling them up a wall, Spiderman-style. So Ruari, you're running down here. We'll just track along in the camera vehicle next to you, OK? I wanted a great big opening Christmas Day stunt. I wanted it to be funny. Obviously, ideally, you're on all fours, but it's going to be impossible so, um, it's to get as much speed, but give the impression that you're kind of lolloping low. OK. Then look back over your shoulder. A little bit quicker. That's good. Chuck some looks back. Once they're off the vertical and start going horizontally, it's just funny. I've got to run on all fours, on the impression of all fours, as quickly as possible, while two people hold onto the rope behind me, which is interesting. In my head, I have rough practicalities. Basically, I knew it would be a nightmare. They'd set up this rig on the back of a quad bike. Basically just underneath their bums was a little saddle pad to sit on. It was just kind of two little seats on a kind of metal frame. I sat strapped in one, David in the other, and we're holding these ropes and we just get dragged endlessly round this warehouse. On days like that, when two actors are being pulled across a warehouse on a quad bike on their bums... Oh! Oh! That's why I don't go on set very often. You write that stuff and go, "Over to you!" Three, two, one. Action. It's the sort of thing that when you're first told you'll be sitting on a bit of tin being dragged along the floor by a quad bike, you can't quite imagine... either that it's going to work or that it's not going to kill you. Cut there. Don't try that at home, kids. It signals up the kind of episode it's going to be. A romp, slapstick, we'll have fun along the way. BOTH SCREAM It was so funny. The two of them just act their hearts out in that. Imagine being pulled along by a quad bike and having to do all that acting at the same time. It's brilliant. It was really good fun. We had real fun. Again it was pretty uncomfortable the next day. But David and I had quite a laugh. So just what is it that makes The Doctor Who Christmas Special so special? I love the Christmas specials. Mums and dads and kids, more than any other day of the year, more than all the Saturdays, will be sitting down and watching telly. It's just the scale, the ambition in the writing. Anything goes. One part of you wants to make it bigger and better each year. At the same time, you shouldn't go mad with that. So long as you've got a good story. That's the main thing. Witness me, mankind. A CyberKing of all. It's a CyberKing. In some ways last year with Kylie Minogue and the Titanic, that's about as big as you can go. It's tempting in a way to try and copy that but what would you have done? You'd have Cheryl Cole on board the Hindenburg or something... Now I say that... HE LAUGHS Record viewing figures! It's got more intimacy than we've had before. Then again, when you get the CyberKing stepping on London, it's not exactly subtle. So we've still got the size as well. It's got that Dickensian feel to it. THEY SCREAM Dickens, if he thought of putting a great big robot in A Christmas Carol, he would have done it. I like to think I've improved on Dickens! The graveyard scene was a collective favourite for everybody. We've been filming in this graveyard in Newport. We're saying it's a Victorian funeral happening. The visuals just popped right off the page. You always want to give the Cybermen a nice big entrance, some kind of barnstorming appearance. What manner of men are they? Cybermen. You had people clashing into each other from nowhere. You have Cybershapes leaping over their backs. There's a lovely top shot where you see people scrambling over graves. Just nightmarish. You monstrous witch! Merry Christmas to you, too. This time I thought, a great entrance is the snow. You had the white snow, these men in black and then the figure of Miss Hartigan in this scarlet dress coming through the snow. So, all the components were there. It was just a question of marrying the seductiveness of Miss Hartigan, and that femme-fatale element and the horror of the Cybermen. You've got the soft snow and the cold chrome steel of the Cybermen. Amid all the statues and graves and this odd match with all the silvers and greys of the snow and the metal all sort of worked together. The Cybermen looked right in that setting. With the Cybermen, because of the whole marching army it's good to be a good team. You work out little ways of how to do things and how to count things, and how we're all going to stop at the same time and what's the best way for everybody. If I stay to the right, this side, then hopefully it'll give you enough room if you do pass me, to take over, if I'm killing. It's kind of funny, really. They're a lovely, normal bunch of blokes and they're sweating away in those suits. I think they have a pretty tough time of it. Mind you, I wore a really tight corset all day so it's uncomfortable for everyone, really. There's basically a number of key choreographed elements that were basically stunts that I wanted to put into the action. What if two guys clash? They collide and fall over? Then a Cyberman comes towards him and the other one pushes him to save himself. It's quite restrictive with the choreography because the Cybermen have got limited movement. It's all about maximising the space and the distance. I went in with certain ideas and Tom threw up other things in the day. We're just having you two bump into each other, like stumble, and then as Paul comes you just do that with Nick, push him. Rehearsing and action! Basically, it was to make the mayhem when the Cybermen attack just look as chaotic as possible. One leaps over the grave, clambers over the earth, and legs it. He falls down over the earth. The other one comes up this way and falls over. That way. Takes a tumble and falls over. Max, can you do me a favour and run the other way, please? I think we'll have four of you, in a bit of a broken line coming out from the mist up there. We'll spread you out and you'll start walking down. It's very beautiful. It's very Tim Burton, almost. We had acres of snow, it was a beautiful day. It's very hard with the graveyard. It was a great, big, open Victorian graveyard and that entire area has to be covered in snow. We've got a lot of dressed snow, which is paper snow, all around the graves as you can see. This tree in the background and these headstones. # Deep beneath the cover of Another perfect wonder # Where it's so white as snow. # As well as that we've got falling snow and mist. Just to create the sense of that real moodiness. It's basically tiny little particles of paper, which are just sprayed across the set from this giant hose. It looks fabulous but it sticks to your shoes, it goes up your trousers, it gets everywhere. If it rains, it turns to papier-mache. Danny, just cover the footprints just there. They're starting to get into the frame. You're starting to see them. There's snow everywhere, I'm quite lucky I'm not clearing it up. It was a great scene, one of my favourite scenes. I really enjoyed doing it. Take one, A camera. Shooting and...action! You monstrous witch. Merry Christmas to you, too. Why are we spared? What do you need us for? Your children. What makes that scene nightmarish is that it's not the snow, and it's not the Cybermen, not the people screaming and running about, it's the fact that The Doctor isn't there. That makes it without hope, that scene. There's something really remorseless and awful. At the same time we've got a woman there in a red dress with a parasol. There's a bit of colour in there. It was very dramatic and it will be a very funny, powerful and scary scene. It's magnificent. I remember when the rushes came in and it just looked extraordinary. It's funny now I think of it, but in all these years not one of you has asked my first name. It's Mercy. Dervla is somebody we've talked about a lot and who we really wanted to find the right part for. Your work is done. She's got the red dress, she's in charge of the Cybermen. Delete them. Delete. You could get too big for that part, you want a proper, proper actor who will take it seriously. Those velvety tones that she has worked so well for Miss Hartigan. She kind of wheels you in and then spits you out the other side. Thank you, Doctor. Dervla is so beautiful and we could just see her in that dress. I know I'm here, but I can't believe that I am, so it's great, it's really good. A fairly immaculate piece of casting, I think. And she wears a red dress very well. Oh, that is magnificent! I think the Cybermen are terrifying. Report. There's something so impenetrable about them. You can't do this to me. Incorrect, it is done. That sense of there's nothing to appeal to. They're such a great monster. Visually and emotionally. Come on, Doctor! They're on a level pegging with the Daleks. They look... amazingly scary in their movements and just the whole sheen of them is quite horrible. They're pretty scary creatures. You can't really see what's going on behind their eyes. They're robots and monsters and they are metal and they show no emotion. I think the word iconic is over-used. But I think that just about merits it. I know why they fit the snow. It's an image that's lodged in my head. In the first Cyberman story, they appeared out of the snow in The Tenth Planet. They were first seen marching out of a snow blizzard. It's right and proper that they should be doing that again in 2008. They attack the North Pole, which was the first time we saw Cybermen. I remember watching that story. I know I look impossibly young! ROBOTIC VOICE: We are called Cybermen. Cybermen? Yes, Cybermen. The original Cybermen in the '60s come from fears that people had about transplant surgery, heart transplants were new then. People feared that having a bionic arm would make you have a bionic brain. It was real body horror and modern science fetishes and fear coming out there. Our lifespan was getting shorter so our scientists and doctors devised spare parts for our bodies until we could be almost completely replaced. If they were just robots, I think they'd be a bit dull. But the fact that they were human, that they wanted to make you like them. Come to Mondas and you will have no need of emotions. You will become like us. They were machines in some way, but they were human, but it's like there's nothing that you can appeal to or bargain with or reason with. We need your power. You need our mass intelligence. Are you listening? Do you understand me? Now that I've released you... Aaagh! Let me go. I set you free! It was our plan. You belong to us. I remember watching Tomb Of The Cybermen. Look! They wake up in tombs. I was terrified. Actually, the bit I genuinely remember, hiding by the arm of the settee, literally, was when they wake up the Cyber Controller. They opened his door and out he steps and he's got a flesh-like brain on top of his head. YOU BELONG TO US. I've always tried to keep that as part of the design, because I remember being stormingly terrified by it. My brain fleeing out of my head, it was just so frightening. ROBOTIC BEEPING Cybermen. Sshhh! Where do they come from? I don't know, Jamie, but they are here, aren't they? The invasion and the pods and they cut their way through and they were born out of eggs. That sense of being born was often there in the old ones. There's a Peter Davidson story called Earth Shock where the Cybermen haven't been seen for years and they made this huge return with a huge redesign. So...we meet again, Doctor. In that they're wrapped in cellophane and inside these tubes. They force their way out of the cellophane and metal tubes. It's a great big return, "We're back," and they start to march en masse. It's terrifying, really, so they're a great creation. Cybermen! Emotion - love, pride, hate, fear... Have you no emotion, sir? YOU SHALL BE LIKE US. You've no home planet, no influence, nothing! You never change, always the perfect guests. You're a pathetic bunch of tin soldiers stomping about the galaxy in an ancient spaceship. But don't you care!? CARE? NO, WHY SHOULD I CARE? Emotions have their uses. "FEEL-INGS", I DO NOT UNDER-STAND THAT WORD. When did you last smell a flower, watch a sunset? Good afternoon. These things are irrelevant. For some people, small, beautiful events is what life is all about. WE KNOW OF YOUR INTELLIGENCE. Oh, thank you very much(!) EXPLODE THE BOMB. EXPLOSION The Doctor is a formidable opponent. WE WILL SURVIVE. Run, Doctor! Now, Doctor! But for now, let's leave the cyber attack in Christmas present and take a look at Christmas past. I think the Christmas invasion's always going to have a big place in my heart because of David Tennant stepping out of the TARDIS. Here we are then, London, Earth, the solar system. Look at it! The Christmas invasion is still one of my probably top five favourite episodes that I've done, I think. Rose! Rose! I've got you. My Lord, my precious thing. The Doctor, is he with you? No. We're on our own. Everyone is gathered and the whole Earth is going to be doomed. IT SNARLS Now you're going to die. Leave her alone! Don't touch her! Just that sense that all is lost, that we can't even tell what the aliens are saying any more. And then slowly, almost imperceptibly, the leader starts speaking in English. Then your world will be gutted... Then your world will be gutted ..and your people enslaved... ..and your people enslaved. Hold on, that's English. And therefore, if you can understand what he says, then that means the TARDIS translation circuits are working again, and that means that The Doctor's woken up and that means that there might just be a hope after all. And then the camera zooms in, the doors open and there's David Tennant in his pyjamas. Did you miss me? It was a whole new era of the programme. My favourite bit of The Runaway Bride is that bit on the motorway, when the TARDIS bounces down the road. You are kidding me. It's something I've always wanted to see, ever since I was a child. I sat in the car and imagined the TARDIS flying alongside. When you get to put that on screen with Catherine Tate in a wedding dress being watched by two kids in the car in front, and David being his most heroic, and the TARDIS being its most heroic. It's pretty hard to beat, really. Oh! And then, of course, there's the old Christmas special from last year. It ends with a replica Titanic plunging towards Buckingham Palace. And I don't think you can get more Doctor Who than that. That's just barmy. Could you get me Buckingham Palace? Only in Dr Who could you get something that mad and that heroic and that much fun. And the Queen waving as it sails over Buckingham Palace. That's Dr Who. Bring in the Time Lord. And being the nation's favourite Time Lord brings with it a whole history of comic sketches, all there to pay homage to The Doctor. My old favourite, I don't know if it still exists in the archive, Crackerjack would do little Dr Who sketches and sort of pantos and things. Dr Who! Don't forget the jewels. APPLAUSE All these jewels are ours! I used to love it. As a Dr Who fan, you'd sit up cos it was your favourite show being referenced. I loved it. EERIE BLARING Oh dear, what a funny noise you're making! You've been bolting your food again. Good heavens, what is that? It's a giant-sized money box for putting coppers in. Things like that would crop up all the time, like Emu's Pink Windmill show did Dr Emu. They did daft little sketches. And later on, all those people who did big formal sketches, like Lenny Henry. Doctor, what happened, what happened? What's going on? Doctor, where are you? What happened? Doctor? Doctor... Doctor, what's happened to you? You're different! Doctor! Doctor, what's happening? Doctor, what...? Penny? What? Shut up. I used to think it was a compliment, even though they are clearly taking the mickey out of Dr Who, but that's part of the fun of it. So do Dr Who fans. It was like lots of people were in on the game. Because all the work is now being done by robots. You mean? The Daleks? No, not them, the Cybermen. Ah! There's only one thing to do now, but I can't remember what it is. Run up and down lot of corridors! That was the one. There is, I don't know if you've got... There's a French and Saunders sketch that was never transmitted. Welcome, Time Lord. I must protest, questioner. All in good time, Time...Lord. I think it's on the Trial Of The Time Lord set, larking about. Now, we are on Syluria, aren't we? Yes, we are. And you know how we know that? How? Because we're Sylurians. Yes. I know. I have the seeds of Agron in my possession. He's very good, isn't he? Tom Baker's my favourite, really. Yes, yes, I like Patrick Lichfield the best. Two Ronnies, I remember vividly, there's a sketch in The Two Ronnies. It's one of their big song-and-dance sketches at the end. Gor, it's a bit of a mix up. Who are you supposed to be? I be Dr Who, that's who I be. Who be you be? No, you used to be Dr Who, now you're Worzel Gummidge. Oh, I must have got the wrong head on. # Life can be terribly tame # If you don't play the game with two.... # I remember an episode of the Generation Game where Bruce says "Bring on the dialects." Could we have the varied dialects, please? This is a good game, you'll really love this. I said "Dialects!" APPLAUSE For a Dalek to appear out of the blue was the most exciting thing. A Dalek and Bruce Forsyth. Marvellous! And the one I loved, the one everyone always went on about in school for years, everyone, not just Dr Who fans, was the Spike Milligan sketch. HEL-LO DAR-LING, I'M HOME! LAUGHTER You're late tonight. I'M SOR-RY I'M LATE. THE TUBES WERE FULL OF COM-MUTERS. How did you get on then? I EX-TER-MINA-TED THEM. It's got a little baby Dalek. Johnny, have you finished your homework? YES, I HAVE DESTROYED IT. You used to be thrilled when you saw that. Who is it, Doctor? I'm not very bright and I haven't got my glasses on. It's my old enemy, Crayola. Hello, Crayola. Doctor, it's been a long time. Eons. As long as that? You don't look a day over 5 million. How do you do it? Table tennis. HE LAUGHS We don't have much time. I'll keep him talking, you creep behind him and disconnect his blademite tubing. But we haven't got the ming mongs! I just love it. It's like an extra bit of Dr Who. Even though they're not legitimate Dr Who, you'd be chuffed for that night that someone was referencing Dr Who. Here's a clip of The Who. # People try to put us down DR WHO THEME: # Dum di de dum Dum di de dum di de dum di de # Just because we get around. # There's lot of stuff, when you look for it. Cat Deely, alien. Chris Tarrant, alien. The Queen. ALL: Alien! MUSIC: "Doctor Who Theme" Where does the transporter arrive at? In France. France? France, Casterberus, or France, Neptune? That would be France, French... French land. Good. What are you doing here? I work here. You've been telling these people that you're the train guard, but you're really the Master. You've been telling the humans that they were going to the Eurotunnel, when you were taking them into the vortex of the black hole. You're very naughty. I'm going to the bathroom and then I'm dealing with you. OK. You got lots of these sketches, which are taking the mickey out of Doctor Who, which is what we do when we sit in the pub. But it all sort of built up to this Comic Relief thing, written by Steven Moffat, who you might have heard of, and it's a great big, Comic Relief sketch called Curse of the Fatal Death. Exterminate! It's a beautiful piece of work, I think, because it's having a laugh with Doctor Who. The Master's in it, Jonathan Pryce is the Master. You are piloting your TARDIS into a deadly trap. And even you will not suspect until it's far too late. Nyaa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! If you're going to spy on me, you should turn the speaker off. It's sending up The Doctor and the companion. A girl more exciting than an escape up a ventilation shaft, a lover more thrilling than an army of Cybernetic slugs. Euw! There's lots of people been marvellous as The Doctor. Cute, sexy and lick-the-mirror handsome. Doctor? Ah, you're my fiancee, aren't you? Oh, dear. Seem to be a bit shy of girls now. You've come back to life and this time, you're a woman. Really? I've always wanted to get my hands on one of these. And it had, fleetingly, one of the best Doctor Whos there's ever been, which is Hugh Grant. Oh dear, I've used up three whole bodies in just under a minute, and all because I forgot to unplug first. That really was terribly silly of me. Sorry about that, my dear, a bit unfortunate. Oh, Doctor. Oh, assistant. He's brilliant, he's absolutely genuinely brilliant and I wish he'd be a Doctor one day. Look after the universe for me. I've put a lot of work into it. Actually, it's in love with Doctor Who and really, genuinely says beautiful Doctor Who things in it. And you can see Steven's love of Doctor Who coming out. You're like Father Christmas, the Wizard of Oz, Scooby-Doo, and I love you very much, and we all need you and you simply cannot die! Before Donna Noble came on the TARDIS full time, you had Catherine Tate doing sketches with David Tennant. Is your name Lauren Cooper by any chance? Yeah. Why? Your reputation precedes you. Innit though. He appears in the sketch as a teacher. Can I ask a question? Not just now. Can I ask a question? Just wait. But can I just ask you a question? Can't I ask you a question? I'm just asking you a question. Can't I ask you a QUESTION? What is it? Are you The Doctor? I like it when Doctor Who's involved in this stuff. We actually enjoy it and try to help as much we can, because the more Doctor Who in any shape or form we get on the screen, the better. The plot thickens and The Doctor, Jackson and Rosita find themselves at the hub of all the action. Upon my soul... What is it? It's an engine. I wonder if anyone'll recognise The Hub before they watch Doctor Who Confidential and realise that's what we filmed on? I'd imagined it'd be a location first of all, that we'd find an old Cardiff warehouse. When you think of it, it's got so much design in it, it's got CGI in it, and it's got kids running about, a lot of health and safety issues and stuff like that. Because Torchwood were not filming at the time that we were filming this story, we basically rebuilt it. I did sit there at the meeting going, "As long as you can turn it back to the original Hub." In terms of scale and dimensions, it offered everything we needed. The shape's still here but, other than that, it's unrecognisable. Behind us is Captain Jack's office, his lovely round window is now a ser-tunnel. It was unusual for me cos I've done Torchwood, so it was strange stepping onto that set. It really was unrecognisable actually and I thought it was fantastic what they did. You've got to have a sharp eye to spot it as the same place. I don't think I'd have recognised it. It was brilliantly done. So all that's left it to do is set the cogs in motion and fill the place with over-excited kids. They do say you should never work with kids. Children! Pay attention! # It's a hard-knock life, hard life # It's a hard-knock life for us # Steada treated we get tricked # Steada kisses we get kicked # It's a hard-knock life. # I've spent many years on set working with kids and I've always found them a very receptive audience. Shelley and Amy, you stay there for me. My AD Richard Harris, he was fab. I workshop with him actually. When she says that, pull this lever with two hands. Pull it back and everything's going to begin. We had to hit the ground running and get a step ahead. This is the first time they've seen the set, and they've found their feet so they've done well. Max, go down there, mate. Thank you very much. You're gonna help John, so take a handle each... Not too close to the edge, mate. Take a handle each. Up there, John. Ready, Max? Come on, John. We can do this! And turn it clockwise. Are you ready? Is anyone listening? Anyone? Anyone? All right, here we go. Ready? He's like the Pied Piper, he's brilliant. He remembers their names and bonds with them. They really respond well to him. So, all face... All face that way, please. Turn round, and can you go round the other side of that handle? And if you go just one behind... Watch your back. Well done. So I'll count to three, OK? Then we start walking round, OK? Here we go. One, two, three. Good. Not too fast. Slow down. Brilliant. Well done, fellas. So, Jack, you look after the speed of that, all right? Not too quick. And you need to be leaning, all right? He knows how to deal with them, so I felt in very safe hands with him. And we're gonna put in lots of extra effort, so you're gonna be going fast with that, Jack. We'll shovel twice as hard. You're gonna be pulling this down as fast as you can. Yeah, I enjoyed working with them. The kids were fantastic. B camera. Action. Children! Pay attention. Now, let the new industrial revolution begin. I want to see you work! Go. Thank you very much. Cut there. OK, testing. One. We've just been filming a scene which involved a lot of stunts and pyrotechnics and stuff. My son? Doctor, my son! What? They took my son! No wonder I can't escape those damned Cybermen! They took my child! Action. Sorry. That's all right, it's our fault. Sorry, mate. That was real fun to do. 15, and action. What are we gonna do, Doctor? What are we gonna do? Come on, Jackson. You know me. They're really full on Indiana Jones hero scenes. Oh, that's it! Hello! Like any of our big set pieces, everything's planned, planned, planned and we break it down. Action. Both Davids were really up for it and Tom Langford, who was our little boy, Frederick, was really brave and great. I love, love going on the wires but I hate heights. I'm Frederick. I'm, like, Frederick. I don't know how old I am. Um... But in real life I'm eight, but in this I'm about five, I think. Action. I've been doing some scenes with Dave Tennant. I've been doing loads of scenes with David Morrissey. Thank you, gents. Blue-eyed Frederick. He was lovely. What was wonderful about him was, when we were cutting it, his reactions to all the explosions were just really spot on, and he was lovely. He's the best child actor I've ever seen. Big eyes! Fantastic. He just had this kind of cherubic quality that I think you associate with these kind of, you know, Victorian stories. Hello! Now, hold on tight, don't let go. 'There was more wirework' for rescuing young Frederick. Again, that's one of those scenes, because The Hub set is quite tall, and therefore the set that we had for the Cyberbase was quite tall and had three or four different levels. Little Tom who played Frederick had to be wired to me. I had a sort of... This rig round, all round me, quite a big rig, which was then wired through the front of my shirt onto the rope. And then little Tom was attached to my back so that, if we fell, we were going down together. Russell's got a thing about up and down. Perhaps if you could pull. I am! In this position I couldn't not pull, could I? He believes that up and down is more exciting than left to right. He's probably right. He usually is. I just love them somehow. I think they're more exciting. Most stuff goes from right to left. Life goes right to left, and chases tend to go right to left on screen and things like that. When we take a sort of deep breath, it's more thrilling. We're all afraid of heights. Woah! Gotcha. When we take a chase and have it going up and down, then it becomes really, really exciting, and, you know, everyone fears a drop behind them. He's always finding different ways to send the characters up and down, which usually means we're on wires, like the lift shaft in New Earth. You're completely mad! I can see why she likes you. Going down! THEY SCREAM One of my favourite sequences - Rose and The Doctor whizzing up and down. That whole story actually goes up and down the hospital, all the time, but ends classically in that slide down. Well, that's one way to lose weight. It's a bit of a motif in Russell's scripts that the characters will be... will be on the vertical as much as possible. You've got to be kidding! Rose, get up! Our very first Cyberman story has an escape up a rope ladder flying from a zeppelin above an exploding factory with the Cyber Controller after you. It doesn't get much more vertical! It was people hanging on for dear lives, and a Cyber Controller pulling them down. It wouldn't have been as exciting if you did that on the horizontal. Gridlock's a classic up-and-down. And in it The Doctor breaks the rules of the world. Everyone's stuck in place and he goes down through the motorway. He's completely insane! That, and a bit magnificent. And the whole motorway has to go up to escape, so it's got a great sense of movement to it really. The most vertical moment the Doctor had was when he's stuck in the bowels of an exploding Titanic, and has to get out, which is about to crash onto the Earth, and The Host lift him up, and he literally travels through the story. He cuts through the story by going up through the bridge. He flies, The Doctor flies, in order to save the day. I think it's the most vertical moment The Doctor ever had. It's something I love doing. Back on location, and the children are ready...to be afraid. Very afraid. Action! THEY GASP You will continue. And cut. The scenes where the children were marched into the factory with the Cybermen and the Cybershades, we shot in Monmouth. It was a question of having heavily rehearsed a lot of the stuff with the kids, and Richard came into his own in sort of getting a shape to it. Turn round, please, face the front, turn left. To work with that amount of kids under such a restricted timescale, it helps to get a sense of the shape of where you're going. Obviously you get 30 kids between the ages of four and I think 11 on Doctor Who, so they're gonna be really, really excitable! So it's hard calming them all down. But they have been fantastic and when the work starts, they're really professional. Action. Keep running! Keep running! Keep running! Put me to shame a bit. DERVLA: They looked fantastic. They are having fun. They're really well looked after. They want to be there. For any kid, if I'd had that experience, to see how it all works and to see the amount of different jobs that go into making a couple of seconds on film, it's a great education, really. Amelia? When you go running, you stay that side of that lamp and you go running to that corner. That's it. And then you'll see a Cybershade and you'll come running back. Well done. As soon as we've got the frames and done the lights, we'll rehearse. There we go, folks. Rehearsing, and action! GASPING AND GROWLING What I like about the scene is it's one of the scenes you see the Cybershades almost as guard dogs. Which I think is the role they play with the Cybermen. Thank you. Shooting, and action! So, what do we have here? Walk to me slowly. Don't let them touch you. The Doctor meets Miss Hartigan for the first time and he initially thinks that she's on his side. Oh, but they wouldn't hurt me, my fine boys. They're my knights in shining armour quite literally. Well, he just assumes that she's somebody unwittingly caught up amongst this Cyber business. Even if they've converted you, that's not a Cyber speech pattern. You've got free will. I'm telling you, step away! There has been no conversion, sir. Miss Hartigan is this, I guess, this wonderful mix of a classic Christmas villain. In that red dress, she's something for the dads. At the same time, she's someone for the kids to boo and hiss at. Who are you? You can be quiet. I doubt he paid you to talk. RUSSELL: There's a hint That she's a lady of the night, shall we say, on Christmas Day. There's a little bit of a past there. I'm playing Rosita, and she's basically really sassy, really mouthy, she doesn't take anything from anyone, a tough East End girl. This is hardly work for a woman. Don't mind me saving your life! That's work for a woman, isn't it? The Doctor's companion does what The Doctor says. I've got another big scene coming up and I get to punch the bad guy, which is really good. I can't wait to do it! Can I say, I completely disapprove? Come on! Get up now! We filmed that from nine in the evening till five in the morning so, by about four o'clock in the morning, I am no good to anyone. I was remarkably relaxed, because I was absolutely exhausted, and we had a stunt co-ordinator and we practised it many, many times. Drop into it, rather than just going straight back. OK. Hit and sort of stagger and fall. OK, that's great. Otherwise you'll just end up going straight back. OK. I've never done anything like that. I'll see what they tell me to do. Hopefully I won't make a mistake - I don't want black eyes on set. I'm gonna do it slowly, so I'm kind of going across like that. It doesn't have to be closer. It's just the angle of the body. I'm just gonna go for it. # I want to get in trouble # I wanna start a fight na-na-na-na # Na-na-na-na, I wanna start a fight # Na-na-na-na-na-na-na, I wanna start a fight! # Like that. Camera... and...action. One last thing. Argh! Oh! Can I say, I completely disapprove? Come on! RUSSELL: Rosita is designed to be the archetypal companion. When The Doctor meets the next Doctor, he needs to look like The Doctor. Give me the sonic screwdriver. What? Quickly! Get back to the TARDIS. In miniature, she's an absolutely proper companion, and is brave and fights and saves the children. She's wonderful. So, onwards. Maybe you should go back. Don't even try. She's really good and devoted and, in the end, through the whole process, finds a family and will find a proper home with Jackson Lake looking after Frederick. She becomes the best of friends to him. I love the end scene at Christmas. For me it's always The Doctor and a guest star, the TARDIS and snow. The city will recover, as London always does. The Doctor is essentially this lonely figure, and the thing about Christmas is it's a time for sharing, for belonging. And a new history begins for me. I find myself a widower, but with my son and with a good friend. Now, take care of that one. She's marvellous! It shows, finally, how The Doctor is alone. He's rebuilt Jackson's life and there's some sort of family that's come back together, and The Doctor's heading off on his own. You won't stay? No, you know me. It's kind of a curse being The Doctor, in some ways, cos of that loneliness. All those facts and figures I saw of The Doctor's life, you were never alone. All those bright and shining companions? But not any more? No. Just having wonderful relationships, these wonderful bonds with people but, ultimately, they have to end. I suppose, in the end... ..they break my heart. It's wonderful at the end where they go off into the sunset for Christmas dinner. Action! Merry Christmas to you, Jack. Merry Christmas indeed, Doctor. RUSSELL: He is a man alone, and we're gonna be looking at that in these final stories, in David's last stories, we're really gonna look at him and focus on that. You can never stop asking yourself, "Who is The Doctor?" It's called Doctor Who. There's huge stuff to come - epic stuff, heartbreaking stuff to come. He's just the best character in the world. # Have yourself a merry little Christmas # Let your heart be light # From now on # Our troubles will be out of sight... # A bit of a legend, if I say so myself. # ..Oh, have yourself a merry little Christmas now. # Merry Christmas, Mr Smith. Merry Christmas, Doctor. Come with us as we take you on a voyage to Christmases past and present with The Doctor. When The Doctor returned to our screens, his very first trip back in time was to Christmas. Did we make it? Where are we? I did it! Give the man a medal. Naples, December 24th, 1860. That's so weird. It's Christmas. All yours. 'In fact the very first trip into history that Rose Tyler took was to Christmas - 'although that wasn't quite the plan.' It's 1869. I don't care. And it's not Naples. I don't care. It's Cardiff. Right. 'The time and place may have been wrong, but the date was spot on.' It's always very complicated, but it's doubly so tonight, cos we've got special effects, horses and carriages, we've got something like 70 extras all in period dress as well. So it's an enormous thing to co-ordinate. Terrifying. During this very festive visit, the production team discovered that the real magic ingredient of Christmas is trouble. Cut. One more, please. What scuppered us was the snow took an hour-and-a-half longer to lay than we'd planned. So from the very beginning of that night we knew that we were up against it. There was a wind howling and the snow is made of paper, so it gusts it up into the air and the horses were terrified. HORSE NEIGHS It was a very difficult environment to work in and I was panicking that I didn't have the performances that I wanted from these artists. Still, this adventure of showing how this wonderful place... We'll have a couple of beats of that before the reaction to... Exactly, yeah. Thank goodness, when I came back into the edit suite, I was kind of delighted. I'd panicked unnecessarily. Action. The next time the production team landed at Christmas was in the middle of summer. The twist for this episode, given that it's Doctor Who, is The Doctor is in the middle of his regeneration when this happens and he ain't there to save us. I still say we should take him to hospital. We can't. A lot of this week I'm spending flat on my back, in a poet-regenerative trauma, which basically means I just lie there and everyone comes and mops my brow and is terribly nice about me and listens to my heart and worries about me. It's tough, but I'm getting there. I'm coping with it. So far I think I'm doing a damn fine job of being unconscious. It's some of my finest work, actually. Here we go. Tina the cleaner's got this medical student. No she hasn't - she's got a lodger! There you go! Good as far as it went. Still rolling. While David Tennant enjoyed an easy day, the crew were in for a long hard night. And action. Whenever we'd come outdoors, on something like this, it's to do something big. SCREAMING You can see this huge tree here, then if we can just... just turn and see this tree here, which, later on, is gonna fall down. Santa's over there. Yes. Camera's back here. Yeah. How's that? Then I was gonna put the second camera looking up at it. OK. We'll get that sense of it coming down towards us. Fine. Every set up takes a while. You can't make this go any faster, cos they have to set it safely and know where it's gonna go "bang". Huge set up. Stunt man. Special effects team. I have to get that money on camera somehow today, to tell that bit of the story. Smoke in...and action. The Doctor's Christmases are very much like ours. Last minute shopping, some unexpected guests... and there's always a fight. Oh, and you've got to have a tree. Wagghhh! There's definitely a pattern emerging. Killer robots? Check. Lethal trees? Yeah. Snow? It goes without saying. Earth in danger? Definitely. And action! No matter how much you dread Christmas with your relatives, would you really want to spend it with The Doctor? Come on, then. Robot Santas. What are they for? Ah, your basic robo-scavenger. The Father Christmas stuff is just a disguise. They're trying to blend in. I met them last Christmas. Why? What happened then? Great big spaceship...hovering over London? You didn't notice? I had a bit of a hangover. ROARING But this was one alien encounter even Donna Noble couldn't miss. SHRIEKING ROARING MY CHILDREN! AAARGHHH! And one thing that Donna realized early on - the ending isn't always happy. I DIE! Doctor! Aaargh! You can stop now. MY CHILDREN! But Christmas wouldn't be Christmas without the gift of a great companion. Last year that role was taken by pint-sized pop princess Kylie. It's quite an unusual situation to find The Doctor in wandering mode here. I was on that ship and he has a wander, a mooch about on his own and joins in with the party, still feeling like an outsider. I love that side of him - that he travels to see and experience the world and yet that leaves you outside it all. Yet within seconds he's making friends with Astrid. There we go. Thank you, sir. I can manage. Just Doctor, not sir. The Doctor and she click within seconds. You're not with anyone? No. Just me. Just, eh... 'Astrid is a dreamer. She's alone and dreams to travel.' In The Doctor she sees someone who's living a life that she's dreamt of. Red six-seven, plus one? Ah, quickly sir, please and take two bracelets if you would. I'll get the sack. Bright new sky. To repeat, I am Mr Copper, the ship's historian... Oh. Donna may not have been paying attention but her granddad certainly was. Sorry. Obvious question, but where's everybody gone? Oh-ho. Scared. Right, yes. London? At Christmas? It's not safe, is it? Why? Well, it's them, up above. The Christmas before last, we had that big bloody spaceship - everyone standing on the roof. Last year we had that Christmas star electrocuting all over the place, draining the Thames. This place is amazing. This year, God knows what. So, everybody's scarpered. Gone to the country. And cut there. Of course, some things never change. It's Christmas time. The Doctor is alone again. Oh, and the earth is being invaded by killer machines. I'm saying if one of you at least starts your shot not in the side we're aiming, that'll help the cut. Still, please, folks...and action. OK. I think we should run. Run, Doctor! Now, Doctor. Delete. I think that's why this episode worked. It's this wonderful amalgamation of Christmas splendour and romance and mystery and then a great big old sci-fi romp. I'm The Doctor. You need me. Change your memory banks. My name's The Doctor. Leave this man alone. The Doctor is me! Delete! The Doctor, remember? Agh! I'm The Doctor. You need me alive. You need The Doctor. He may have started out lonely this Christmas, but this year he's got a doctor as a companion and if that isn't confusing enough, try working out just who is saving who. Arrrgh! We've seen Christmas past and Christmas present but what about Christmas future? One thing we can say for sure is that he'll be there