Subtitles by LauCass ~ Bad Wolf Team ~ ~ www.seriessub.com ~ Hello! Hello and welcome to the first ever Doctor Who prom, here in the wonderful Royal Albert Hall. I'm Freema Agyeman and I play Martha Jones in Doctor Who. Thank you! Now, I've been lucky enough to actually travel in the TARDIS. But today, through the power of music, you get to experience what that feels like too. This concert is a celebration of the music of Doctor Who, composed by Murray Gold. Murray has written the music for the last four seasons of Doctor Who and our Christmas specials. And now we celebrate the monsters and the aliens that have kept some of you out there hiding behind the sofa on Saturday nights and have kept Martha Jones running and running and running! Conductor Ben Foster takes us on a journey to discover all the strange, strange creatures. Now, let's take a moment to rejoice in this wonderful Time Lord, the Doctor. We're going to remember how he first met Rose Tyler and then how Martha Jones travelled the world keeping hope alive while the Master reigned supreme. To begin this sequence of music from the series, please welcome back Ben Foster with The Doctor Forever. In that long sequence of music from Doctor Who, we heard The Doctor Forever, Rose's Theme and Martha Versus The Master. And I'm totally unbiased, but the last bit was my favourite! But now, we've got a special treat for you. This is truly exciting. We're going to hear from the man himself. In a worldwide exclusive, never seen before, especially for you, here's a brand-new mini-adventure starring that wanderer from Gallifrey, the Doctor. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, today at the Royal Albert Hall, here is the premiere of Music Of The Spheres. Not now, I'm busy! And now, what? ALERT TELEPORT BREACH What? What? Oi! Get out of my TARDIS! I let down the defenses for one second! I must speak to the Doctor! I don't care, you're a Graske, and a Graske is trouble. Out! But that noise... Beautiful sound in the air, what is it? If you must know, it's the Music of the Spheres. Music of the Spheres is what? Well... You've got all these planets revolving around suns, and all those suns revolving around in a galaxy, and all those galaxies revolving around each other. If you take the gravity patterns and feed them to the TARDIS harmonic filter, that, Mr. Graske... is the sound of the Universe. The Universe sounds wonderful. Yeah... It does, doesn't it? - But you're still not staying! - No, Graske came to warn you. About what? About that! Oh! Now... That looks like a space portal. Told you! Danger! Nah, it's harmless. It's just a hole in space. I wonder what's on the other side. Hello? Where is that, then? Who are all those people? Hold on! That looks like... Is that the Albert Hall? I said 'is that the Albert Hall?' "Yes!" I said 'is that the Albert Hall?' "Yes!" Oh! Brilliant! Hello! I said 'hello!' "Hello!" No, no, no, sorry, you'll have to shout. I said 'hello!' "Hello!" Listen, I'm the Doctor, I'm a Time Lord, but that is an awful lot of people! What are you all doing there? Oh! Wait a minute, it's the Proms! Is that the Proms? Are you in the Proms? Oh! I love the Proms! I was in the very first Proms, 1895, I played the tuba, I was brilliant. Is that the orchestra down there? Oh! Wait a minute! 'Cause, funny thing is, I've just been composing something myself. I said to Beethoven I could rattle off a tune, he said 'pardon'... But! I've just been inspired by the Music of the Spheres. I've written my own symphony. Yeah. And if I can send these pages through the portal then the orchestra can play it. A brand new piece of music. Composed by me. Ready for this, orchestra? Stand by! Three... Two... One... That's it, that's it. There you go, hurry up! This portal isn't gonna stay open for long, right! Now! So! Er, if you don't mind, Mr. conductor... Stand down. I'm in charge of this one. Quiet please! Shhht! Silence, settle down. Oi! Settle down. So! Ladies and Gentlemen... and children, This is the world-wide premiere of 'Ode to the Universe'. And... Oh, come on, that was brilliant! Thank you... I thank you... No, no, I thank you, really, you're too kind. Ah! You see, Graske, that's the thing about Planet Earth. What? What? Where's he gone? No! I've lost a Graske. He must have slipped through the portal. Have you seen him? Oh! There he is! Albert Hall, you've got a Graske on the loose. And he's stolen my waterpistol! Oi! Graske! Stop it, behave! He wasn't trying to warn me, he was trying to find a shortcut to Earth! If he escapes, he'll go around the whole planet, causing troubles... stealing sweets... making smells... Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! I'm just gonna reverse the polarity of the neutron flow and pull that Graske back into the TARDIS! It's not fair! I'll give you not fair! I'm gonna reverse the teleport and send you all the way to the other side of the galaxy! Good! Well, that was fun. And a little bit mad! But I've got to close this portal if I don't want anymore trouble. It was nice to see you all. But, one more thing... Just remember... Music isn't just orchestras and popstars and a bunch of people with albums and downloads and concerts... It's you. 'Cause the music of the Spheres is all around you. When you're on your own, just close your eyes and you'll hear it. Music. Inside your head. 'Cause everyone's a musician. Everyone's got a song inside them. Every single one of you. Bye. Attention! Attention! The Daleks have taken over the Royal Albert Hall. This building is surrounded. There is no escape from the Daleks. Exterminate! Exterminate! Extermina-a-te! Move! Move, or you will be exterminated. Move! Move to the platform and conduct. Move! Move! Behave yourself! We have travelled back in time and captured Henry Wood. We will alter the history of the Proms. There will be only Dalek music. It is Davros, creator of the Daleks. All hail Davros. All hail Davros. Welcome... to my Dalek empire. This Royal Albert Hall will become my new palace. And you humans shall become... my obedient slaves. Dalek, has the conductor been conditioned to obey your commands? Yes, Davros. He will obey or be exterminated. Excellent. Let the music of destruction commence. Conductor... begin! Hello! Hello. I'm Catherine Tate, otherwise known as Donna Noble. And, er, I don't know about you, but after Davros and the Daleks, the soaring voices of London Philharmonic Choir and the cries of "Exterminate!", I'm ready to welcome back some friends. Let's hear the music that accompanied some of the Doctor's companions - the women who have laughed with and loved the Doctor and left him broken-hearted. I know. Conducted by Ben Foster, here are Murray Gold's beautiful themes, The Girl In The Fireplace and Astrid Peth. Hello! Someone said hello. First, let's celebrate the super-temp from Chiswick, Donna Noble... ..and her adventures with the Doctor, because poor Donna never can. In this next sequence, we're going to be transported to a beach in a parallel world called Darlig Ulv Stranden, otherwise known as...? Correct, Bad Wolf Bay. To perform Doomsday, the BBC Philharmonic, the London Philharmonic Choir and conductor Ben Foster are joined by composer Murray Gold on keyboards with vocals by Melanie Pappenheim. Just before that, we're off on a journey to the lost home of the Time Lords: the planet of Gallifrey. Not a dry eye in the house, I should imagine. Fantastic. Now, do you know, one of my favourite days playing Martha Jones was Monday 25th February, 2008, which was when we filmed the scene where the TARDIS flies Earth back home. At the controls there were two Doctors, Martha, Donna, Rose, Captain Jack, Sarah Jane, Mickey and Jackie, though Jackie wasn't allowed to touch any buttons. The Doctor, so often alone, really does have the best ready-made family in the universe. To celebrate this wonderful family, their courage and laughter, here is The Doctor's Theme,