- to risk her. - Her life is in your hands, Helen. I don't think you want to lose her over something as easily accessible as your own blood. The Cabal started infiltrating businesses, military think tanks... all under their control. - Holy crap. - Yeah. I mean, these guys are one James Bond film away from global domination. - So stealing their property... - No, no, no. Would not go over well. I'd be careful what you do next. The people I work for aren't the forgiving type. The... Five... will... come... This case study shows an enlarged hypothalamus... nearly twice the size of a normal human. Such increased scale is often the first indicator of abnormal abilities, which is why detailed brain-mapping is often our best recourse when diagnosing new patients. In this situation, the patient was able to lower her body temperature to well below life-sustaing levels for days at a time. Such examples of this simple genetic mutation are part of a larger-scale trend we're seeing worldwide. More appearances of extraordinary genetic abilities are cropping up at an ever-increasing rate. Excuse me. Grazie. Mi scusi. An urgent matter has come up. Can we take a short recess? Fare una breve pausa? Kiss me and I'll save your life. And if I don't? It's been over 60 years. Just plant one on me already. Nikola Tesla. You always did know how to get attention. And you're still boring as ever when it comes to giving a lecture. But, to business... Cabal agents are all over the building. If we don't leave now, things are going to get rather bullet-ridden. And why should I believe you? I assume you have a plan, other than kissing me? Genius, remember? Beauty before brains. - Charming. - I know. It's part of a 200-year-old system of catacombs underneath the city. - I'm assuming there are other exits? - Should be. - My contact said there would be. - Contact? Concierge at my hotel. Don't you love Rome? Get me thermal imaging of these tunnels ASAP. Make sure every possible exit is covered. They either surrender, or they die. The Team Projet-SG presents: Sanctuary - Season 1 Episode 07 The Five (v. 1.00) Timing by: Arrow, Golgi, nitrogenc. Hey, Big Man. Didn't we have a staff meeting scheduled for this morning? It was canceled. - When? - Last night. - Because? - Ashley. Just because Magnus is away does not mean we stop going about business as usual. I mean, she put me in charge, and I wanna take that very seriously. So, we've got patients to discuss, possible cases that need investigating, and, you know... other stuff that needs attention. Meetings are boring. They really are, aren't they? Okay. I'm cool with that. No meeting. So... What do you guys do when you've got the place to yourselves? Poker night? Maybe a little blackjack? You blast some tunes in the main library? Henry's in the lab, Squid requested a meeting with Ashley, and I'm making things look nice. Perhaps you have some work that needs attending to? - What the hell was that? - I don't know. Shall I look into it? If you don't mind. Because... I actually do have some work I need to do. I'm not really in charge here, am I? Right. Got you some treats. I was surprised to get your message. I thought you said you didn't have any info for me. You gotta be kidding me. Through here! They're really pissed at you. What did you do? I stole three witches from a crypt in Scotland. Stealing? You? I'm appalled. - Shut up and help me. - My God, you look sexy with a gun. Leave her alone! That's enough! Well, that was exciting, huh? A little too much so. You haven't stopped taking your medication, have you? I just... I just got a little excited. Come on, Helen. I don't feed on humans. I made that vow long ago, and I intend to keep it. Your favorite parlor trick. This way, m'lady. You haven't lost your touch, I'll give you that. - Any idea what could have done this? - Many ideas. None that make sense. Yeah, I guess none of the abnormals Magnus allows to roam would do this. Not if they wish to remain free. Crap in a bag! What the hell did that? Just asking the same question. Scratch marks on the floor and walls, plus, damage to the electrical wiring. Whatever did this took live voltage. Maybe it's lying in a corner somewhere, licking its wounds? Problem is, there're lots of corners in this place. All our residents accounted for? The security systems would've gone off if something got free from the Shoe. Still, let's round up all the abnormals that are free and interview them. I'll check security logs, see if anything went goofy with the system. Plus, if you have surveillance camera for this floor, that'd be great. On it. Come on. There'll be more where they came from. This is fun, isn't it? Just like old times, back in London. What was that? '42? '43? - I prefer not to think about it. - Come on, Helen! Every major spy agency in the world was looking for me. I needed your help. And, besides, what's a faked death among friends? Whose hair-brained notion was it to supply every allied government with plans for your death-ray weapon? I thought they'd all share, and that peace would break out. I did. I did. I had my Nobel speech all memorized. This sector's clear. Let's move on. How did you know the Cabal were after me? I watch them, and they watch me. We've had a few entanglements over the years, but, you know, I've never done anything so stupid as to actually steal from them. I've had my contacts keeping an ear to the ground for any Cabal movements since they attacked my Sanctuary. I would've known beforehand if they were gonna make a move on me. In fact... they didn't show up until after you arrived. They're not after me, are they? They want you. You haven't lost your touch, either. Okay, you can come out and gloat now. I'm awake. There'll be no gloating. I find that... extremely ill-mannered. Well, what's your next move, then? You gonna teleport me to the top of the Eiffel Tower and leave me hanging by my underpants? - Or are you going to make it fast? - Neither. - Then what do you want from me? - Honestly? I need your help. You have a kind of violent way of asking for help, FYI. I wish you no harm. It was urgent that we speak. And I'm listening. Let the insanity fly. Of course that's what you'd think of me. That I am unstable... Deranged. That's pretty much what I call everybody who feeds me to lizard creatures. But I can be a bit harsh sometimes. Ashley, what happened before was... deeply regrettable. I apologize for my actions, without reservation. I can only ask for your forgiveness. There are things you need to know... about your mother. She's in grave danger. Dude, she's my mom. She's always in grave danger. Please, Ashley! There's little time. - I need to know where she is. - Me, handcuffed to a chair. You, babbling about time and danger. No. I don't see why I should help you. I would like nothing more than to free you... but you would undoubtedly try to kill me. Me? Did your mother not give you some sort of explanation as to who I was? She told me you were someone from her days back in London before she set up shop here. And that she was pretty sure you'd never return because... she'd killed you. Trust me, I'll be speaking to her about that... - Talk about a blown call. - We don't have time for this. My sole purpose in bringing you here is for your own benefit as well as hers. You'll have to trust me. You've always been reckless, but contacting me while the Cabal was following you... I know. It's not one of my best ideas, but, hey, I had no choice. - I needed to see you. - Then use the proper channels. Contact one of my facilities and have them arrange a secure location. Would you rather have me endanger one of your sanctuaries or you? How about neither? You disappeard before the end of WWII, never to be seen or heard from again. Well, I did die a lonely, impoverished, pitiful old man. Thanks for the funeral. I heard it was nice. I faked your death to save your life, so that your work could continue. I think I'm owed an explanation as to your whereabouts since then. Hey, perfecting the use of electricity and radiowaves? Hard acts to follow, okay? But I have kept busy. At Oxford, what we did was more than just pushing boundaries. - For me, it was personal. - As it was for all of us. You all changed. Whereas I found out who I really am. And the more I embrace that, the more I realize just how little I've accomplished. Your gifts to the world will live on long after you die... Whenever you die. You think you can call this existence living? The Cabal hunt me at every turn. But why? You've been underground for decades. We both know the Cabal only go after what they perceive to be of value. Or a threat. Pull our people back. Get these guys out of here. I want the l-rad down here and set up in three minutes. Another one? That's the second attack in two hours. I never saw what it was. It came from the ceiling. Oh, moved way too fast. What about him? Did he see anything? No. I was... He was meditating when it happened. - If it's in the elevator system... - Yeah. It can get to anywhere in the Sanctuary. All right, let's get him to the infirmary, and then we'll meet up at Henry's lab. Okay, ready? One... two... three! Footage of the first two attacks came up empty... Likely cause whatever it is shorted out the power to the surveillance systems before it struck. Yeah, we should have caught something in the camera in the elevator. I'm having a look. You okay? Yeah, it's just a flu going around. I'm fine. Whatever it is, it's damn fast. Can you slow it down and enhance the image? Yes! But take the safety off first... What? I'm fine. I'm... You have fever. - You should rest. - No, I can hack it. No, no, maybe the Big Guy's right. You should get some rest. But, listen, before you go, can you bring up the footage of the corridors above and below - where the attack took place? - Let him rest. He will work later. - Show me how to access the footage... - He's going to rest now. Get better. Why would the Cabal see you as a threat? I'm a vampire. Some people are threatened by that. Only part, Nikola. Pure-blood vampires were wiped out centuries ago. Besides, you alone are not enough to make the Cabal this angry. What's really going on? The ancient ones... they were intelligent, gifted, powerful... Until a bunch of church-folk decided that our race was impure... evil. So not only did they hunt them down, kill them off, but they turned our species into a cultural joke. Ancient vampires were the Caesars, the Pharaohs of civilization. Humans were enslaved. They rose up with good reason. - If the world knew the truth... - Humans were conquered because we were smarter and stronger. And when vampires ruled the world, it was a golden age. Science, art, architecture, all advanced. And after they killed them off, what happened? The dark ages. Now people think we're allergic to garlic and that we can turn into bats at will. It's beyond insulting. This way. - <i>Sir, all teams are in fall-back.</i> - Good. Let's clean 'em out. As though a vial of stale water blessed by some priest would have any other effect than a bad taste in my... - Earthquake? - Worse! I want to suck your blood. Get down from there. Irony is... I once owned the patent to that weapon. I never should've sold it to Edison, cheapskate that he was. Do you think this is funny? Tricking me into helping you with whatever game you're playing with the Cabal? I don't appreciate being put in the line of fire. You've always been like this. Selfish and arrogant. Your own desires before everyone else's. I brought you here for two reasons. Because only you can help me finish what I'm working on, - and because I love you. - Yes, so you keep... What? I always have. More than that lunatic Druitt ever did. I misled you, and I deeply apologize for that, but I had to see you. You're serious, aren't you? We knew each other in London, your mother and I. When we were young. In fact, we were rather close. - See, now I know you're full of crap. - Because she's 158 years old? First off, she's 157. And I get that she's special. It's some sort of accident of her genetic make-up. But the chances of two people having the same defect... Are much higher if it's no accident. You're sure? This is tedious. Should we talk here? What are you doing? - Or here? - Oh, my God! Stop this! As I said, there's little time! I need to know where Helen is! It knew how to disable the motion detectors. Made us blind on purpose. It's that intelligent? The most dangerous things are. Check this out. A scale? Looks almost reptilian. - You think it's still here? - Unlikely. Diazepam. It's a garden-variety sedative. Treats everything from insomnia to seizures. Looks like whatever did this wanted some badly. What kind of abnormal has the ferocity and power of a wild animal combined with the cunning and intellect of a human? Other than, you know, you. Back at Oxford, the others used the source for power and greed, but you... You altered yourself out of pure desire for knowledge. You're the only scientist, perhaps the only person, I've ever really admired. Come on. This picture was taken by... Henry Talbot in Southampton... 1880... - something, I forget the exact date. - Where did you get this? It was a gift from your mother. While we were both at Oxford. Though she was just auditing courses in those days. No women were allowed to enroll. A rule she railed against with a vengeance, believe me. You were college buddies with my mom? Yes, at first. Things became more serious between us later. Okay, dude, stop referring to my mom as your ex, or, I will kill you. We were part of something... Something we called "the Five". A small group dedicated to expanding our knowledge of the physical world... - by the most unconventional means. - How can you be old like her? Unlike what you've been told, your mother was not born with a genetic abnormality. She chose to become something different. We all did. We were so curious to know what humans could become, evolve into, given the chance. - Who were the others? - Who? Besides your mother and myself? It was Nigel Griffin, Sir James Watson, and Nikola Tesla. - As in the... - Yes. The same. I still say he leeched off Edison and cheated Marconi. But, I digress. Have you heard of the species Sanguine Vampiris? Yeah, a vampire. - They're extinct. - Not quite. They were all but exterminated by the church centuries ago. Those few who lived through the purges were made sterile. Your mother was able to procure a very rare sample of ancient, untainted vampire blood... One collected before the sterilization of the species was carried out</i> blood that supposedly possessed miraculous properties.</i> No one had ever dared inject pure </i>Sanguine Vampiris<i>...</i> Until your mother derived a serum from it.</i> - It's ready. - You don't have to go first. - John or I could have a go to start. - He's right. No need for unnecessary heroics. The side effects are completely unknown. Thank you, gentlemen, but this experiment was of my design. I shall be the one to prove its worth. You're certain? We've risked too much to turn back now. We need to know. You may proceed, Nikola. Wait a minute. She's part vampire? She's human. And so much more. After each of us was injected, we received unique... gifts as a result. Seen yours in action, thanks. Griffins's molecules became photosensitive, Watson's mind grew to new heights, and Tesla's reaction was the most dramatic. His genetic disposition brought forth vampiric traits which had laid dormant in his genes. But, your mother... Well... Her gift was the most simple and elegant. It's as though whatever's doing this can just disappear. Yeah, but there's nothing like that living here. That we know of. Could be one of our residents is manifesting a new power. I don't know. I thought it was "starve a fever?" Old wives' tale. You need nourishment. Oh, is that mushroom? Eat. - So, were you down there recently? - Where? Storage. I don't remember. I get around a lot in a day. When did that happen? Oh, that? Did that yesterday, moving some equipment in the lab. Why? Oh, we found some fresh blood on one of the boxes in the storage. - The creature's? - I don't know. With you out of commission and Magnus away, I can't run a detailed analysis. Well, when she gets back, I'm sure she'll get to the bottom of it. I'm just thinking, if the blood is yours, we can eliminate it as evidence. Listen, dude, seriously, I don't remember being down there. He must rest. What was the piece of equipment in your lab that cut you? I don't know! Something sharp. Did Magnus order a restock of diazepam? - What? - Will. Go. Sorry. Bravo and Delta teams, close in from alternate exit points. Yes, sir! - I feel so safe when I'm with you. - Quiet! We have to fight our way out of here. No killing. Said the woman with the gun to the vampire. - Just follow my lead. - It won't be necessary. I, for one, don't intend to get captured or killed. - You won't. - What do you mean? The playing field just got leveled. Bravo teams, check in! All teams, report! Oh, my God. What did this? It's not so much the "what" as the "why" that counts. This is your project, isn't it? - This is what you've been working on. - Tonight, you get to witness the rebirth of the greatest abnormal that ever walked the Earth. My God, Nikola, what have you done? Welcome to the future. I realize... you need time to process all this. But that isn't a luxury that we have. I like your story. It's a nice story. Tesla is intent on making contact with your mother. Imminently. Now, whatever you may think of me, of the Five, he's the most dangerous. Good twist. - Not enough. - Ashley... I am not your enemy, not anymore. Baldy, you invaded our house. You fed me to a giant iguana. If that's not enough to make you my enemy, then what the hell is? I was wrong to try to reason with you. You're incapable of seeing the truth. What truth? That you have no concept of the meaning of your work. You just shoot, maim, and capture, whatever mummy tells you, without a single regard - for the consequences of your actions. - That is not true. You're a killer, all right. You live for the thrill of the hunt, the exquisite rush of that moment of violence. You find it utterly intoxicating. I know the feeling very well myself. I am nothing like you! Oh, you'd like nothing more than to kill me, resurrect your wounded pride, get some blood on your hands. The only reason you haven't really tried is because you aren't sure if you can pull it off. We don't have time. We have to go. I'm appealing to your judgment, to your intuition. I want you to think, not just act. See, I brought you here to help you, Ashley, to give you the chance to make a choice, to show you a world your mother has kept hidden from you. Don't turn away from it. Trust me. Help me save your mother. - What the hell are they? - Well, in a very basic sense, - they're me. - You found a way to revive the species? The question... Could I use my own altered DNA... to turn a boring old homo sapien into a higher, more... evolved species? And the answer is so simple, it will make you cry. Watch. What does Tesla want with my mom? Tesla's intent on creating an army of deadly creatures, topple the Cabal once and for all. Helen will undoubtedly refuse his offer to join him in his efforts, and when she does, he... will kill her. - How do you know all this? - Because... he came to me first. My last encounter with your mother did indeed leave me close to death, but Tesla found me, revived me, and when I refused him... Nothing quite like electroshock therapy to clear the mind. Oh, my God. And the rage that once fueled me is gone. I'm whole once again. Together, we can save her, but I need to know where she is. I am your only hope. Please... I need to make things right. For you. For her. Well, thanks for joining the party. Now... Go join the others. See, the cool thing about me using my own DNA to reanimate the dead is... they do... whatever I say. - But they're practically mindless. - I know. They're fast, vicious, strong, but they're as dumb as tree stumps, which defeats the whole purpose of the project. You want me to help you make them intelligent? This is the culmination of everything we stood for as the Five, pushing boundaries, exploring realms of science that other people were afraid to. Just imagine... Sanguine Vampiris... Reborn. - They would only enslave us again. - Oh, I don't think human beings are doing such a good job of it right now, do you? You and I could usher in a new golden age of thought and culture and peace. - You're mad, Nikola. - No! The Philadelphia experiment was mad, but this... is progress. Dude, I am not a shape-shifter. What about the treatments you've been undergoing? So secret that I'm not allowed to know about them? - That's personal. - And I respect that, but I need to know what's been attacking people around here. I just want to rule this out. Then you'll just have to take my word for it. Covering this up is only gonna make it worse. I can help you, - but if someone else is attacked... - Get out. I mean it. Go. We all know... the abnormals are on the rise, and now we just need somebody to lead them. You? Us. You saw... how my "mini-me"s handled those trackers earlier tonight. Now, just imagine an army of them, but massively intelligent! You and I could give the Cabal... Get her. Easy... Easy... Why didn't he just tell me? He didn't want anyone to know, and I promised him no one would. Just lie still. Can we be certain they came down here? - Definitely one of mom's. - She always carries a gun? With good reason. Not yet... Not yet. Back off. Nice shooting. I thought you loved me. Did I? I don't think it's going to work out. Well, then... I guess I can tell you that, at Oxford, no one liked you. Was it because I was a genius? Because you were an obnoxious ass. Guess who's still standing? Hello, Nikola. - What the hell are you doing? - Saving your life. Why? You've had a long night. I'm simply glad to see you safe and sound. The blood I gave you, it should have crippled you, or worse. It did. Then how... Ashley can explain. - How are you feeling? - Fine. Just wanted to let you know we... We chased that snake creature to the basement warehouse. Looks like it hatched inside one of the artifacts that Magnus brought back from the Amazon a few months ago. It must've escaped and... grown to full maturity inside the walls here, and... Listen, I was a jerk. I just didn't think what it must be like to carry this around with you. I'm sorry. And, hey... Thanks for saving my ass. You're welcome. He's my father, isn't he? He is. I've never shown you Rome, have I?