Take us down. - You see anybody? - Let's hope they're below. What did the message say exactly? Just that Eric was bringing back something we'd never seen before, and we were to meet him in the harbor. Only they never made it to the dock. It's Eric. Make sure Will is covered. Come on. Six dead. They weren't just killed. They were half devoured. Whatever it was, it was powerful. Whatever specimens were in these are long gone. Makes you wonder what was in these cages. You think they could've broken their way out? Looks more like something clawed or chewed its way in. Mom, come check this out. - Tranquilizer rounds only. - Are you sure? Eric paid with his life to bring it back. - We owe it to him to preserve it. - I think we owe it to him to kill it. The Team Projet-SG presents: Sanctuary - Season 1 Episode 06 Nubbins (v. 1.00) Timing by: Arrow, nitrogenc, Ricana, Salomon. Now I know why Eric was so excited about these creatures. Their hyper camouflage makes them all but invisible. Plus the fact that it's present in both the predator and the smaller abnormal. The Nubbins. - You gonna make me ask? - Ashley's name for them. Scientific name <i>Nubina Atelerix</i>, according to Eric's log. Do we know what triggers this camouflage? It seems to be a function of both fear and aggression. That makes sense. Hide to avoid being stalked, and as an aid to the hunt. So obviously it was the predator who was responsible for killing Eric's crew. Track wounds of each of the victims show biological evidence of both species. Come on, there's no way those adorable things could have attacked anybody. I'm not saying that they did. So how could they have left trace on the bodies? I'm theorizing that some of the Nubbins might've escaped and survived by feeding on the dead crew members, hence the mingling of the DNA. Well, that's creepy. What's creepy is that a bunch of them were eaten by that nasty-ass monster. All but our two little survivors, probably on their way to becoming the carnivore's next meal. I'm gonna go see how they're doing. You okay? Eric was one of the world's great hunters of abnormals. He called them "evolution's experiments". Am I reading a personal relationship? I don't want to see his sacrifice go to waste. Have you had a chance to check out my Nubbins? Oh, you mean the... No, but I would like to. Oh, guys, come on, there's nothing to be afraid of. Oh, man, I think I'm allergic. You better get used to them. They're the coolest thing we ever brought back. I got to admit, your Nubbins are pretty amazing. Don't you just want to squeeze them? You find anything out about our predator? I'm still running the DNA. It'll take a few days before we can complete the analysis. So what's going on? We have a rather odd situation on our hands. Isn't "rather odd" sort of your stock in trade? A gentleman by the name of Maurice McRae, recently deceased, stipulated in his will that I perform the autopsy on his remains. Why? He spent the last years of his life in a psychiatric institution, convinced he was an abnormal. - And how did he know about you? - That's a question I have as well. Well, I guess it's too late to ask him. True, but his granddaughter, Sophie, has accompanied his body. I was hoping you could talk to her, put her at ease, while I examine her grandfather. What does she know about us? Only the rumors that her grandfather passed along. Everyone was convinced that he was a few cups shy of a tea service. Everyone but Sophie. - You're gonna go with the postmortem? - Of course. If his claims are unfounded, well... there's no harm in fulfilling the man's final request. You must be Sophie. I'm Dr. Zimmerman. You work with Dr. Magnus? I do. My condolences. Thank you, Doctor. - You mind if I ask you some questions? - I already know what you're gonna say, that my grandfather was an eccentric old man. Actually, no, I don't know anything about him. Sorry. It's just, all the doctors said he was suffering from advanced dementia, and my parents, it's all my relatives think he was crazy. But you didn't. He just felt so strongly. I loved him very much. How did he come to this decision? Well, he always talked about a private research facility. He called it "the Sanctuary", a place where what he called... "abnormals", were given refuge. 'course, no one took him seriously. Is that what goes on here? Well, we are a private research facility. Research into what, exactly? A range of things. A "range"? Why don't you tell me more about your grandfather? My grandfather could see things that other people didn't, that other people couldn't. When we spent time together, it was... it was like the world would open up. Sounds like an inspiring man. I mean, he showed me what people were thinking, what they were feeling. So he actually imparted... these thoughts or sensations? Are you humoring me? - I'm not. I'm just asking questions. - It's fine. I'm used to it. Dr. Zimmerman, look, I'm sorry, if you're going to be so evasive, I really don't see any reason to tell you more than I have. Dr. Magnus has made arrangements for you to stay here, as long as you're comfortable with that, until the autopsy results come in. Thank you. You have something against sleep, don't you? Just doing some reading. There's a recurring legend amongst equatorial rainforest cultures about Nubbins. Nubbins? I thought Ashley made that name up. She did. They're most often called "Amoratas". Apparently the species is highly prized as harbingers of fertility and a bountiful harvest. In some societies, they were a common wedding gift, to promote connubial bliss. Before the age of self-help books. When they vanish, it's considered a portent of discord. How did the... the autopsy go... on Sophie's grandfather? Sorry? The autopsy? There was a... significant anomaly to the frontal lobe. I'll need to do more tests to determine if it's a tumor or... something else. So it's... it's possible that he's an abnormal? Too early to tell, really. I'm... I'm gonna go to bed. Sweet dreams. Don't forget to put out the fire. I never do. All right. Are they okay? He said the female kept going in and out of camo mode, and then swelled up like a blimp. She gave birth just after dawn. They're all fine, all 14 of them. It took them only minutes to adapt their camouflage. The juveniles are putting on weight so fast I'm projecting they'll reach maturation within a day. That rate of metabolic growth is scary. We should find a way to discourage their mating. Not yet. I want to document a full reproductive cycle first. I'm keeping this one as a pet, just so you know. In the throes of a breeding cycle, they may not be as docile as they look. Oh, come on, I can handle a baby Nubbin, mom. Right, little guy? You're so cute. What about the predator? He showed marked signs of agitation throughout the night. Only came out of camouflage for all but a few moments. I don't think he likes the Nubbins. But you can't say for sure? No, not yet, but I can say that I've never seen brain structures quite like your grandfather's. Sophie, the blood I took from you as a control sample, I should tell you, I found similar biochemical anomalies to your grandfather's. Oh, my God. It would be premature to read anything into it. Yeah, but if he was an abnormal... In 24 hours, all this will be much clearer. Okay, well, look, since I've gotten here, no one has told me squat about what this place actually does, and now you're telling me I'm some kind of freak of nature, too? You guys are hiding something from me, both of you! Why should I believe a single thing you tell me? Sophie, we find ourselves in a very rare situation. I'm about to do something that I normally wouldn't even consider. I don't understand. What? You will shortly. Will, would you be so kind as to show our guest around? Yeah, sure. Watch yourself there, Big Guy. You don't want to get between them and their breakfast. You could lose a digit. I've never seen an animal with such... a big appetite. It's not just food. They're not pairing up for square-dancing. Oh, man. Maybe you shouldn't be exposing yourself unnecessarily. Yeah, the allergy pills aren't working. I just hope these little dudes aren't permanent guests. You look as queasy as I did when I first walked this floor. Actually, you're taking it better than I did. I sensed all of this before I got here. I mean, not the specifics, but... Even though your granddad was gone. Maybe... he passed on his gift. Or maybe the feelings that you always saw as coming from him were coming from you. You okay? Yeah, just light-headed. It's all. I tend to get these dizzy spells. - Why don't you sit down? - I'm all right. You might be having a mild panic attack or something. I just get like this. Well, we'll be sure to have Dr. Magnus check it out. What is it? The new creatures... They're upset. I know it may be hard to believe, but those aren't tricks of the eye. Those are flesh and blood creatures. Of course they are. It's okay. They seem to be drawn to you. You okay? Is it coming back? I think I should lie down for a while. Come in. The Nubbins came out of camo-mode, and we did a head count, and one of them was missing. Yeah, I just couldn't stop myself. What time is it? It's almost 2:00. Weird. I must have fallen asleep or something. That is not very nice. Will is a friend. Co-worker... slash... friend. That's all. Maybe you should... Maybe you should put him back, - just to be on the safe side. - Okay, little buddy, let's go. - Oh! Oh, man! - Oh, I'm so sorry. Get back in here... Oh, let me... let me get that for you. This... Here. Just... toss it in here. Let me... do that. You wouldn't have a... man's shirt lying around, would you? Medium, right? - Can I ask you something? - Sure. Have you been feeling... I don't know, odd? - How do you mean? - Well, I'm not sure, but ever since we got back from the ship, I've felt... - Woozy? - Is that how you're feeling? Yeah, kinda. I think sometimes I can... be a little stand-offish. I mean, I know I can be snippy. No. No, not at all. I don't want you to think that I'm... unappreciative, or unapproachable. I've been accused of that by guys. Yeah, me too. Not by guys, but... You know what I mean. Are you okay? Yeah, it's just these new contacts. I'm just getting used to them. I really like you... Really? Without glasses. Where's my Nubbin? At first I thought they were just camouflaging, but I swept the entire cell feeling for them. Don't tell me they've escaped? Something gnawed through the ventilation grate from the outside. Mayday. I'm going to err on the side of caution. I want the building sealed. - Nobody goes in or out. - Threat level "holy crap". Check. These creatures escape the Sanctuary, and we'll have much more than a pest control problem on our hands. Can we not turn this into a planetary crisis just yet? - They're 14 little furballs. - Invisible furballs. We'll round them up, okay? If they reach sexual maturity as fast as they've reached full size... Do the math. But they haven't overrun their native habitat, right? Camouflaged or not, they wouldn't be much of a secret and that's the one saving grace. Something must control their number. What about the predator Eric brought back? That's one of a number of theories I'm working on. Though their shared trait of camouflage doesn't necessarily define their relationship on the food chain. We could try to draw them out, if we could just figure out what they crave. You know, besides other Nubbins. We know they're hungry little suckers. I'll make sure our food stores are protected. Too late for that. They've already wiped out the pantry and the walk-in. What? There's nothing left? Right. We go floor by floor. Snares, tranquilizers, whatever it takes. Hey, little guy, it's okay. Here you go. That's gouda. Nobody's going to hurt you, little fella. Nobody's gonna... I lied! I'm going to hurt you! Your mother was a sewer rat! I'm going to schedule a full rabies series, unless we can confirm its absence in every Nubbin out there. Isn't that, like, super painful? I'm not going to lie to you. No, it's okay, please. You can lie to me. Those poor things must've been pushed to the limits. Listen, I know you're all about saving the whales and everything, but these guys just happen to be a pack of vicious, over-sexed, hyperthyroid, invisi-rodents. Stop demonizing them. They were just afraid! We have no history with this species. We cannot take this attack lightly. Now, how many have we re-captured so far? Three, - Or so. - Three? Almost four. Out of 14? Actually, I'd go up about five... Times. What did you see? I'm not sure "see" is the right word, but by the way they rippled, I'd say we're looking at several litters of newborns, but, they won't be doing the horizontal tango for, like, hours. We need to corral them all as quickly as possible. I'm taking you off the front lines. I want you working on a more... - technological solution. - I'm good with that. Tell me you're not talking about exterminating them. I'd like nothing more than to see them all back in their cell unharmed. We wouldn't be having this discussion had you shown better judgment. Come in. - Could you give us a moment? - Yeah, - sure. - Thank you. Dr. Magnus... Hello, Sophie. Will said you might be able to help me. Please, have a seat. He told you about the headaches, and the spins and all that? If it's all right with you, I'd like... to conduct a few simple tests. Simple, like brain scans? Probably prudent under the circumstances. I know you have more important things to deal with. You're in the middle of a crisis. Actually, by Sanctuary standards, this is just another day at the office. What did my grandfather die of? A brain aneurysm. And you said that we have similar anomalies. Let's just see what's happens before we anticipate, all right? Okay. It's going to be okay, Sophie. Okay, here's my idea. We capture a male Nubbin, use it as bait and wait for the females to swarm. Or we use a female as bait and watch the males swarm. Well, want as many of the child-bearers back in captivity as possible. As if the girls are going to go all weak-kneed over the right Nubbin. - I'm sorry, the "right Nubbin?" - You know, smart, handsome, good sense of humor, go-getter, dedicated to the same things you are, loves long walks on the beach... Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. Johnny Nub in the crosshairs. There's nothing that threatens your health. You're fine, Sophie. - But you did find something. - It's completely benign, similar to what we found in your grandfather's brain, a tissue structure that bridges your frontal lobes. - Like a tumor! - No, no, nothing like that. There's a nerve bundle that links this unusual organ to the thalamus. I think it may be used in pre-verbal communication. Oh, this is unbelievable. I suspect it's some sort of empathic ability. In my world, it's a genetic expression that may well preview an evolutionary advance. I just always attributed it to Maurice. It only ever happened when I was with him. He wanted to bring out your gifts, no doubt. - That's what the will was about. - This condition that I have, assuming that you're right, what... what does that mean I can do? That's for you to explore. With our help, if you'll trust us. Maybe this isn't going to be as tough as we thought. I'm not so sure about that. Well, I'm telling you, we have a Nubbins explosion on our hands. I've found something that may explain their popularity as a wedding gift. Wait, don't tell me. They can be returned? Actually, they have scent glands that emit powerful pheromones. It explains their overactive mating instinct. In fact, it may well extend beyond their own species. You're not saying that they're affecting us? Haven't you noticed it? Are you asking me if I've been feeling... Randy? - I've made you uncomfortable. - No, as a matter of fact, you've... you've aroused my curiosity. Turnabout is fair play. Awkward. Poor thing. What the hey? What's going on? We've got problems. You mean plus the fact these things are spilling out like popcorn at a matinee? Our systems are degrading. We got surges, reboots... Must be the step-down transformer. Well, clearly that wasn't good. All right, is it me, or does it smell like fried Nubbin? Dude, I haven't been able to smell anything since they got here. Oh, man... We have Nubbins in four out of five infrastructure systems. Computer, cooling, electrical, air purification. They're not in the water. Yet. I don't think it was an accident they brought down the computer system. Come on, they're smart, but not that smart. I don't know. A couple get sacrificed to bring down the entire server? Air vents clogged? Drones sent out to protect the survival of the hive. These aren't bees. - They just reproduce as fast. - Hive mentality means tradeoffs between individual survival and that of the group. We've seen it in higher orders. Like every time soldiers go into battle. What does that tell us about what they'll do? Everything they can to ensure inter-species domination. You know, this "catching them one at a time" is not working. The more I watch our predator, the more I begin to think that it is what controls the Nubbins in their native habitat. You're not talking about turning that killer loose? Not loose. We can implant it with a device so we could track it and control it. The vast majority of the Nubbins would be stampeded into the open, - and we could herd them to safety. - It's just not fair. I mean, Nubbins are only doing what their instincts tell them. All we'd be doing is replicating the predator-prey dynamic already exists. Of course. Like the lions and the Christians. We have them contained right now, but if they get out and this expands beyond the Sanctuary, we could be Ground Zero for a plague of furry locusts. We have to act, and quickly. Tracking device is active. It's all right, Henry. He's quite sedated. - Would you rather I do it? - No. It's okay, I just... Much better with computer bytes than animal bites. There. See? What'd I tell you? Easy peasy. - Wanted to see how you were feeling. - Did Dr. Magnus tell you? - I told her it was okay if she did. - Yeah. Yeah, she did. She... gave me this bio-feedback device to use so I know when the supposed powers are working, and... I guess you're pretty used to dealing with freaks. That's... not how I see you. I guess I'm just feeling sorry for myself. Well, I'm sorry that you're stuck here in the middle of a level-three bio-hazard. The beast... The one the Nubbins are afraid of. It's waking up. How do you know that? I don't know, I just... I don't know. Listen, Sophie... These feelings that you're having, the connections with the creatures, you should trust them. It's a... It's a very special thing. Well, I wouldn't wish it on anybody. I don't... feel special. I feel like I should be in a sideshow. This sense, it doesn't happen to tell you where the Nubbins are, does it? But... I can... feel their hearts racing. Their fear... Their desire. Nature abhors a vacuum. That's because she's never seen mine. Easy there, little Nubbin... I've got suction, and I'm not afraid to use it. Releasing the predator... Look at him go. Team One, predator moving from Utility Five, herding Nubbins toward residential corridor. - Shut down air vents. - <i>Copy that.</i> Predator 3, Nubbins 0. Where's he gone? I'm not seeing him. Track the device. Level 5, north corridor. He's moving fast! Checking level 5, north corridor, primary and secondary cameras. Nothing on the primary corridor. Negative on B and C. Nubbins on the move. Wait a second. Predator's stopped. - A dead stop. - Where? Just outside the library. - We're losing power on the main grid. - Go to auxiliary. And we have lost auxiliary. Okay, women and geeks first. Oh, no, wait, that's all of us. See what you can do, Henry. Will, let's go. They're tranquilizer rounds. One shot won't do it. Looks like our predator just became prey. Why do I have the feeling that we're next? I guess we can skip the midnight feeding. So we were wrong about our predator keeping the Nubbins in check in the rainforest? Not necessarily. I mean, sometimes predator becomes prey. Hyenas, for example, have been known to kill lions. Apparently we underestimated the Nubbins' strength in numbers. Can you imagine what ten times the number of Nubbins will do? - Or a hundred times? - If they can rip a creature the size and strength of the predator to shreds, I've no doubt they'd give us no quarter. We may have sealed ourselves in with our executioners. Their hive behavior isn't just intelligent, it's strategic. Sooner or later, they're gonna find a way out. And they're reproducing faster than we can capture or eradicate them. - Doesn't anybody have some good news? - I've got wood. You know... For the fire. When we were aboard the Lophelia, do you remember the hold - where we found the Nubbins? - The refrigerated dry hold. Although it was either turned off or malfunctioning. A cryogenic transport's fairly common for a bioresearch vessel. Yeah, but the thing is, is... The setting on the control panel... It was for 50 degrees, which is cold, but well above freezing. So maybe it was their intention to slow their metabolism, moderate their growth and mating cycles. Ashley, you and Henry round up as many fire extinguishers as you can. On it. Still, even if we are right about the cold, unless we can drive them into the open, I don't see how that by itself will do the trick. You are right about the cold. They don't like it. Can you tell what they're feeling now? Crowded... Afraid... Threatened... They're sending warnings. They're sounding an alarm? What are you thinking? That we try and mimic the frequency of their distress call. If we're successful, we could strategically place emitters powerful enough to flush them out, stampede them, and funnel them towards capture. - What are you getting, Henry? - Just over 19 kilohertz. Ultrasonic. Beyond the range of human hearing. 19.5... 20... 21.5... and stabilizing. There's your distress call, 21.5 kilohertz. Time to chill, guys. So what'll happen to the Nubbins now? Now that low temperature has slowed their reproductive cycle to a crawl, they can live out their days in relative peace. - They're not thrilled about the cold. - Thrilled Nubbins is what got us into this mess. It was very brave of you to share your gift. In the end, Henry's allergies were a better detector than any of my paranormal abilities. The difference is, is that you can sense a lot more than Nubbins. I'm still not sure how I feel about that. I think we know what your grandfather wanted for you.