Sanctuary - Season 2 Episode 5 Pavor Nocturnus (v. 1.00) Timing by: Arrow, Salomon The abnormals. What the hell is going on? - More fun and games? - Don't move. I said, "Don't move!" What the hell is going on? What the hell happened to you? Who are you? - Will, it's me. - Your name! Satisfied? I don't think so. Helen Magnus died three years ago. Answer my question. - Who are you? - I told you! I'm Helen Mag... Let go of me! Let go of me! Say it again. Say it again. You expect to show up after 3 years dead and think we're just gonna make nice? No way. You want me to believe this, make it good! You see, if you'd done your homework, you'd know. The real Helen Magnus died in the battle for Buenos Aires. And you'd have a good spin on how she survived. Right now... - You got neither. - I don't remember any battle. How does this work? Are you a chameleon? A shape-shifter? How did you get this far by yourself? - I am not an impostor! - How? I woke up in the Sanctuary! We don't call it that anymore. I found myself here. You a telepath? Is that it? That's how you know my name. - This is insane. - Prepare one hit, medium voltage. This mind-reading crap won't fly. Helen Magnus is dead! Incoming! - We have a breach. - Go! Secure the perimeter! - Did you summon them? - What? No! Did you? You better pray this goes well. Grenade! One hit on my mark. Cover me. Damn it, Jason! You're trying to be a hero again? He's got time, Will! Come on, we can use him! Sorry, Jason. Pack up the supplies. We're heading out. She's armed. Please don't kill me! I'm Helen. Proper etiquette would be to offer your name in return. I've rigged up some perimeter alarms. Quite rudimentary, but they should give us ample warning if we have any visitors. I'll see what else I can find. Jessica. Mitchell. What were you doing down there by yourself... Jessica Mitchell? What were you doing down there? Shelter, mainly. I suppose I was looking for something to help me understand all of this. There's nothing out there but them. Your parents, are they... Sorry. How long have you been on your own? I don't know. It's easier to keep moving when you're by yourself. Try and get some rest. I'll be close by. They'll find us, you know. They always do. We shouldn't stay here. Where else should we go? The outbreak is spreading at an alarming rate.</i> We cannot contain the impact. The city is now evacuated. Our last stand is to hold on to the Sanctuary.</i> Hearing this, we will abandon the last Sanctuary. All efforts to find a cure for this plague have failed.</i> Our only hope is to find safe ground to protect what few of us remain.</i> I'm sorry for everything. Dear God. Don't move! Relax. - I'm not here to start anything. - What are you doing here? Bleeding. What happened? What do you think? More palefaces, but this time I'm the only one who made it out. How did you get in here? I checked every access point. I broke in through the old river gate, but don't worry, I locked it behind me. It's just shrapnel. You can patch it up later. Why should I, after the reception you gave me? Come on. Let's get you sorted. - Scare you? - Only when I saw your face. Behave, both of you. It may be a shambles, but this is still my house. What? Three years ago... The Air Force dropped a daisy cutter on an Argentine neighborhood that you were trying to evacuate. 15,000 people were vaporized, including you, at Ground Zero, and suddenly, here you are, alive and well. You were gone, Magnus. - Without a trace. - I can't explain it. - Try. - I don't know. I woke up here with no memory of anything, I mean, you, those creatures. Buenos Aires? Well, you look good. You must have been holed up somewhere real sweet. You look like you've had... food, shelter, sunlight. Was there a colony - that I didn't know about? - The last thing I recall... Was what? A mission. Central America. Why can't I remember anything since then? It's like this is all a dream. Everything is gone. Everything we built, gone. Everyone we ever cared about is dead! Does this look like a dream? What happened to you, Will? It was more than just a plague. It was a new kind of species. Cannibalistic, mindless, soulless. At first we tried containment, treatment. We wanted to understand. But it wasn't natural evolution. Rampant infection rates. Quick mutation. Within a year, millions had turned. It affected both humans and abnormals. Too many to fight. Too powerful. They fed on anything alive, and if they drew blood, if you survived the attack... - You changed. - Five, six hours, a day max, and you were one of them, infected. We never found the origin? But there had to have been a patient pero. The infection spread too quickly to find the source. We did everything we could to slow it. Nothing worked. After a while, you were euthanizing more than you treated. Governments evacuated cities. We abandoned the Sanctuaries. That global panic thing, it's a bitch, let me tell you. Then they started deploying tactical nukes. How many are left? Uninfected? 100,000 worldwide, maybe. I set up a colony in the Arctic. There's a few thousand living on remote islands. We've been fighting these creatures. We're part of a larger militia, but we've been whittled down one by one just trying to save the last of the last. It's over. It has been for a long time. Why can't I remember any of this? You must've got out somehow, been in a colony suffering from amnesia, - battle shock. - No. No, that's not it. There is a reason I came back here now. I don't feel so... - Quick, Will. - Don't touch her! - She's infected. You didn't check her? - I didn't know! - She's dead already. - You said we have five hours, maybe more. Please, help me understand this. - Magnus, if she turns, they'll come. - Then I suggest you leave, because I will not let you shoot this girl. Unfortunately, the elixir from the vial</i> seems to have had no effect on me except a spike in my immunoglobulin levels.</i> Repeated attempts to bring them back down into normal range have failed.</i> This is all a very bad idea. Which means you really must be you. Why did you come here? So you could retrace ground you've already covered? I don't have the right equipment to run the proper blood tests, but I should be able to cross-reference Jessica's symptoms with entries from my previous research, look for some sort of deviation. Deviations? They've become the dominant species on the planet. They're like locusts, that turn other life forms into more locusts. But the contagion started somewhere. Someone must have been the first. Let's do the time warp again. Typhus, smallpox, cholera, yellow fever, scarlet fever, malaria. They bear no relation to this disease. Have you caught up yet? There has to be evidence of this disease somewhere in the past. - It cannot have come out of nowhere. - We've done this dance. You've tried cures, treatments, for years. Nothing works. The contagion mutates. It wins. Humans... are extinct. We're not. You and me, we're alive. Isn't that a reason for hope? Reason? There isn't a reason for anything anymore. We know how we're dying, but why it's happening, what we did to deserve this, who the hell knows? This doesn't make any sense. - There has to be a way to stop it. - You've already done this! You tried every single waking moment until the very end. You kept going. You're still fighting. Life without purpose isn't... life. I learned that from you. I'm sorry I disappeared. Company's here. I'll go head them off at the access tunnels. You might want to go protect the girl. Couple of storerooms on the garage level I missed when we evacuated, though we were in kind of a rush. I rigged this up with one of our one-hits. Should keep you in computerland for a while. I hate to break it to you, but the internet's down. Has been for about five years. I'll survive. More of them will be coming. Defenses? Nonexistent. It's just me and you against thousands of inhuman cannibals. Well, then we should be fine. There was a time you would have laughed. Yeah, I'm sure there was. Central America. Is that where the outbreak started? Could that have been Ground Zero for the contagion? I think all evidence pointed to the Pacific Northwest. Why? Honduras. It figures into this somehow. - Why? - I don't know. I've to access my log, but there's something there important that I'm missing. I'll be damned if I know what it is. Magnus, what are you doing with this girl? I have a theory. I found some anticoagulants and older blood thinners in the storeroom. The old dialysis-on-the-fly trick. I've been there, done that. I saw the notes, but we've also never had such an early jump on the infection. All the other test subjects were either long infected or completely turned. Jessica's only been showing symptoms for less than a couple of hours. It's much earlier in the transformation process. Bring on the Hail Mary. The others? Henry... made weapons for the government until it finally fell. He kept finding newer, better ways to stop them, to kill them, then his number came up. I saw the photos. The Big Guy... refused to leave after we pulled up stakes, even though there was nothing here left to protect. I'm guessing he took more than a few with him when he finally went. And Kate? She died. In the fighting. She was a good fighter, a good leader. Druitt... He took a tactical nuke and teleported into a high-density infection area. He took most of Boston with him. That was two weeks after we thought you were dead. She's been in v-tach for more than an hour. Pulse is off the charts. There's a reason we don't let it run its course. It's not a pretty sight. Just give it some time. Heard that before. I respect you trying to save this girl, it's even kind of nostalgic, but come on, this is all just more stuff for the archaeologists to find in the future after we're long gone. Eastern Honduras, 10 years ago. I remember. What about it? I went there looking for the tomb of Pacal the Second, a Mayan king from the late dynasty. It wasn't long after Ashley had died. I was tired of outliving people I loved. I wanted a cure for my longevity. In a Mayan tomb? I'd been researching ancient myths and legends. How certain cultures had claimed to have found a way to shorten time, to manipulate it. The Mayan kings were abnormals who aged very slowly, like I do. There was evidence that they'd developed an elixir capable of giving them a normal human lifespan. The kings wanted a release from their advanced age. So you were looking for a way to grow old. What does that have to do with this? It doesn't, except that the Mayan people died out at an incredibly rapid pace. The empire fell within several decades. Entire sections of their population simply disappeared, Gone without a trace. No one knows why. You think the contagion that's killed the intelligent life on this planet is the same one that wiped out the Mayans? That's impossible. There'd be evidence... The virus can mutate. It is entirely possible. Help me go further with this. Tell me where things stood before the end. Was there anything I had tried that had come close, anything remotely hopeful? We certainly didn't talk about the damn Mayans! She was calling to them! We need to seal off any section we can't hold. Fall back to a safe position and wait for them to leave. I'll help out as long as I can. We can do this, Will. I'm sure you've been through worse. No, I haven't. That last skirmish didn't go so well for me. We kill as many as possible, and then when it's my turn, you don't hesitate. Not for one second. That should buy us about 15 seconds. You barricade yourself in here. Don't let anyone in. Especially me. - I just need some... - Time? Here. Take this. We had a son. Kate and me. He'd be about two now. He's been living up in the Arctic colony ever since she died. We named him Magnus. If you make it out of here, you find him. I need to go back further. The Honduras mission. ... from the Mayan tomb of King Pacal.</i> I am hopeful about the one artifact I found there that matched the legends.</i> Markings on this suggest an unorthodox relationship to time,</i> the ability to manipulate it at will via the protection of mystic guardians.</i> All of this makes me hopeful that the contents of this vial</i> are what allowed King Pacal to die within a normal lifespan.</i> A full chemical breakdown and diagnostic of the fluid inside</i> should reveal its properties. Seven years and nine months since the outbreak began.</i> My unique physiology seems to have prevented any outward symptoms.</i> The contagion mutates at such speed I'm not sure I can analyze it fast enough.</i> There's still no way to control the immunoglobulin spikes</i> in the blood of those infected. Immunoglobulin... Unfortunately, the elixir from the vial seems to have had no effect on me</i> except a spike in my immunoglobulin levels.</i> Repeated attempts to bring them back down into normal range...</i> It was the artifact itself. It held the contagion. I was Patient Zero. I caused this. I caused all of this. Dear god. You're keeping it hidden from the world. Guarding it. You won't let me destroy it, will you? Is it safe here? Thank you. Welcome back. Nice coat. Did you pick that up in Honduras? No, it's one of my own. It's a very good look for you. So how was the safari? Safaris are in Africa. Okay, then the... "jungle hunt for the tomb of the Mayan king", which, when you think about it, sounds like a bad cable special. Which is why I went alone, to avoid the mockery. That's a good plan. So did you find it, or what? The tomb? No. - No, I didn't. - Really? You did a lot of research. It's not like you to strike out. Searched the area for days. Came up empty, not even a whiff. We'll just call the trip a massive tax write-off. You're totally pissed, aren't you? That you came up empty. Absolutely furious. Come on. These things happen for a reason, right?