of a capable physician - to cure the chronically ill. - You were never ill. It was simply... I know. An element of my physiology as yet undiscovered by medicine. Where to this evening? A turn through Piccadilly to start, please. You have done so much for me. - John, I hardly... - Let me speak, Doctor. I've spent my entire life lost in a void, afraid of who I am... of what I am. If not for you, I fear I would have remained lost. Instead, I can now see that I am neither a freak of nature nor a devil, but a man... very much in love. And someone who wishes to spend the rest of his life repaying his savior for all she's done. I promise to make you happy, Helen, for eternity... Will! Will! You all right? That was... That was bad. Oh, damn! Sylvio! Are you okay? What do you think? Where the hell are we? To be honest... I've no idea. The Team Projet-SG presents: Sanctuary - Season 1 Episode 05 Kush (v. 1.00) Timing by: Golgi, Linwelin, Salomon. Allison! It's okay, it's okay. That thing! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Look, it's gone. It's gone, all right? Look at me. You're fine. - You're fine, okay? - Yeah! That's very helpful. Tell her she's fine. Even though we're totally screwed. - Your arm! - Don't touch me. I'll do it. See? All better. No, no, go away! It's all right. It's all right. You're alive. - Did we make it? - We're down, yes. Looks like your co-pilot did most of the work, though. I was in the washroom when it happened. - I heard screams. - Don't move. Your leg is broken. I'll tend to it in a moment. What are you doing? Getting us out of here. I can't get a signal. - Mom? Thank God. - <i>Ashley. I'm fine.</i> We lost the pilot, but the rest of us are okay. We know. We've been tracking you the entire time. What happened? I'll give you the details later! We have some wounded who need immediate medical attention! We got you. Sat tracking has the crash site located in the central Hindu Kush. We already have a rescue team mobilizing out of Islamabad. - ETA should be about five hours. - <i>Good work!</i> - I'll see you when I get home! - Mom... - It's really good to hear your voice. - It's good to hear yours, too, Ashley. I have good news. A rescue team will be here in about five hours. In the meantime, we'll assess your injuries and try to keep you all as warm as possible, and if the Gods are smiling, I'll find some tea and make us all a pot. See? You'll be back in New Delhi by breakfast. I should've guessed this would be no match for the great Helen Magnus. Exactly. Never doubt the boss. Magnus! Will... This is definitely after the punchline. - You think it survived the crash? - We did. I'm still getting paid, right? I did fulfill the contract to find and capture one bad-ass snow creature. - What happens after that... - Give it a rest, all right? Start securing the plane. Do what you can to block out the cold. Five hours is a long time to be exposed to these temperatures. I'll see what I can dig up. - I know you wanted this one badly. - Not like this. At least we know why no one's captured one before. They're a hardy breed. Here we are, stuck on its turf. I'm not sure I like not knowing whether that thing is alive or dead. - Can you understand him? - It's a dialect of Tibetan. Wasn't he one of the sherpas on the expedition? Yes, he must have stowed away on the flight. - Bad move. - Your name is Tashi, right? Can you stand? It's all right. You're safe. The thing is gone. Let me see your hand. Look after him. I think you are! I mean, we have a right to an explanation! What the hell was that thing? How did it get in this plane, man? It was our cargo. A rare species of snow leopard captured in Tajikistan, north of Dushanbe. Never heard of a snow leopard attacking a group of people before. It was a rare offshoot of the species. Its designation is Cryptid Bipedis Himalaya. You expect us to believe that that was a leopard? That was four times the size of any cat. Whatever it was, it brought the plane down. Who are you people? We're with a private research foundation. The creature we brought back was unique, and I deeply regret what happened. Our intention was to transport it to our facility in New Delhi run by Dr. Grant here. I have many such sanctuaries around the world. New Delhi was the closest, and with such dangerous cargo... Yeah, well, hooray for you and your safety protocols, - because they worked like a charm. - We didn't mean for this to happen. - We took every precaution possible. - Really? 'Cause he's dead! We're stranded here, and your cargo? Gone. Or is it? - We don't know. - What does that mean? That means we could be attacked at any time... That is extremely unlikely. These creatures are incredibly shy and used to their natural habitat. If it did survive, it would have sought refuge higher up the mountain. Shy? That creature, whatever the hell it was, almost killed every one of us! - And who the hell is he? - A stowaway. A sherpa who helped us capture the creature. Really? Well, good for you! How about you go out there and do it again! - This time make sure it's dead! - Hey! You obviously have a problem knowing when to shut up, man. He wanted to come back with us. He has family in Peshawar he hasn't seen in years. Why not just ask for a lift? He was afraid that you would refuse him. He's very sorry that he deceived you, and he asks for your forgiveness. Well, you certainly picked the wrong flight. Even though rescue will be here soon, we still need to keep warm. It will help us with the shock of what we've just endured. Everyone, find some tools and help seal up the plane. Yes, ma'am. A storm. An arctic outflow system moving into the region really fast. It's huge. Rescue teams won't be able to get into the region until the weather clears. The size of this one, it could take days. Grab our winter gear. I'll have Hans get a plane ready. Wheels up in four hours. I want us leading the rescue team the second the weather breaks. All right, that outta do it. We're not much better off in here. This is for a few days, until the storm passes. Kid, I've been fixing planes up here for 15 years. Storms in this part of the world are not like the winter storms in your part of the world. They can last a few weeks before they roll out. - A few weeks? - Do you know what "Hindu Kush" means? "Slayer of Hindus". So named by the locals here because they believe that the weather and the mountains were created by God for the sole purpose of killing people. Fun place for a plane crash, huh? All right. That'll do it. Try to find a place to sleep. I wasn't hiding, you know... When it happened. - No one's saying that you were. - You're thinking it. Everybody's thinking it. Everyone was terrified. You weren't. It's different for me. I've been doing this for a long time. You think we crashed because I wasn't in the cockpit, that I should have been there, tried to keep us in the air. - I had to use the restroom, all right? - Please... Try to get some sleep, all right? Oh, please tell me that that is tea. Gods are on vacation. It's coffee. - Here. - Pass. Come on, it'll help you keep warm. I have standards, Will. Drinking coffee? Well below them. Man, you are a brit to the core, aren't you? And proud of it. So, taking stock of things. We don't have a lot of food left, maybe a day or so, and the heater fuel won't last much longer either. All right. We'll ration everything very carefully. This could be home for a long while. You never know. This place, a little redecorating... Probably still feel like a doomed hellhole. Is that your way of saying any port in the storm? It's my way of coping with the fact that this is the world's worst cup of coffee. Rule britannia. What do you want? My love. No! Magnus, what's happening? The co-pilot appears to have committed suicide. This is crazy. Why would we he do that? Give some space. Come on. Looks like he used a broken piece of glass. Why would he just give up like this? I mean, I know the rescue is delayed, but still. Hardly in keeping with aviation regulations, plus he abandoned his post when the creature attacked. Who knows what other skeletons he had in his closet? What if it wasn't a suicide? No sign of a struggle. No screams, cries for help, any of which would have woken us up. Unless he knew his attacker. You said Strickland felt people were angry at him for not helping fly the plane when the creature attacked. What if he was right? Mad enough to kill? With all of us here and absolutely no place to hide? A bit of a stretch. Sorry, but you pay me for my outlandish theories. Tashi, right? Toshi? That's your name? Sylvio. Did I ever tell you about my fiancee, Giselle? She and I got something real nice going on. I hunt monsters. I catch 'em and bring 'em back, alive or dead, for cash. Cash I'm using to set me and my girl up real nice, so if you stowed away on this plane to take a shot at me, or come between me and the money I'm owed? Nothing personal, sherpa man, but... I will end you. - <i>Will, stay where you are.</i> - No... - <i>Just stay put.</i> - Mom? Will... I'll be right back. Come on. It's getting ugly. What the hell was that thing, to take us all out in our sleep? - You tell me. - What's going on here? Seems Tashi caught Mr. Sneaky mechanic here trying to steal some of our hardware. One of my best sellers. Gonna shoot a weapons dealer with his own gun? You can see how the irony is lost on me! It was for protection, all right? You don't think I see that you're all packing weapons? I'm just trying to level the playing field here. It's not even loaded. Let him go. Mr. Braun, these cases are our property, and I'll thank you to remember that even under these trying circumstances, and the weapons we carry are for everyone's protection. - Then give me a gun. - That is definitely not happening. So I'm supposed to sit here and let one of you kill me in my sleep? No, I don't think so. I'm not going down without a fight. - Someone shut him up? - Or I could start with you. Everyone, get some sleep. John? I promise to make you happy, Helen, for all eternity. Sylvio... Sylvio... Giselle? Hey, baby. Are you for real, girl? Kiss me and find out. I love you, baby. We've lost a valuable member of our team. Severe abdominal laceration, and he had to have been killed here. There'd be a mess if he were moved. There are no other injuries. No defensive wounds. Like he let somebody stab him. What is wrong with you people? We know who killed him. I mean, come on, look! - Mr. Braun. - Calm down. He did it, and I can prove it. Really? How? Around his neck. Look. I've seen other sherpas with that, ones that believe that the yeti is some kind of god. The Order of Pangboche. A group of Tibetan mystics who worship the creature as a protector. So now we know who let the damn thing loose in the first place. What more reason would he need to kill us all? We tried to steal his people's damn sacred cow. Hold on. What is he saying? He says the medallion was a gift from his cousin, that he doesn't worship the creature, and why would he help to capture something to free it again? Revenge. To teach us a lesson so we don't try and hunt it again... Hold on, hold on. Now, Tashi claims that he's not part of this Pangboche Order, correct? And, I'm sorry, but having a medallion is hardly proof of intent to kill. Will's right. We can't condemn a man because of his beliefs. Leave him alone. - I get it. - Braun... I get it. You had sherpa boy kill Strickland, and then you had him murder the weapons guy. Why? Because you owed him money? So you take me out, and there you go, no more witnesses to your little massacre. You're being completely irrational. There are still too many questions. No, no, no, see, I will not go quietly. No, no. Go ahead and try, but I'll fight you. - I'll go keep an eye on him. - Take Tashi with you. All right, what the hell... What the hell is going on here? Why would somebody go on a killing spree in a stranded plane? They wouldn't. Come here. I need to ask you something, and it may sound strange. Believe me, I'm getting very used to strange. Have you had any dreams, hallucinations? Incredibly vivid. Too real to ignore? - People who couldn't possibly be there. - And you can feel their presence, yes. It's tricks of the mind. Post-traumatic stress, plus the elevation and exhaustion. I thought so too, but I'm beginning to have doubts. Why do you say that? Describe his wounds. Deep cross-length laceration. Interesting. I see a diagonal laceration from palm to forearm. What? Well, how is that possible? - One of us has to be right. - Or we're both wrong. Something is affecting our minds, clouding our judgment. What do you mean, like mind control? But there's nobody on this plane who could... The creature... - You think it's among us? - And hiding in plain sight, using this telepathic power to conceal itself. - What, by making itself invisible? - Or by posing as one of us. It can make us see things that aren't even real. Why would it hang around? This is its terrain. It marked this as its hunting ground. It sees us as a threat. Abnormals aren't like humans. They don't play by the same rules that we understand. Clearly it's having an effect on us. We can't trust anything that we see or hear or even feel. But there's got to be some way of knowing who we can trust. Wait. "A hardy breed..." If its natural habitat is sub-arctic temperatures, then it would have to have a pretty special physiology, right? Even for an abnormal. How will this show us anything? We don't have any equipment. - We can't do a proper analysis. - We have exactly what we need. This creature thrives in high altitudes and extremely low temperatures. It would have to have some sort of protective protein or antibody in its blood, otherwise it would never be able to survive the harsh conditions. Now, normal blood will freeze in temperatures this low in minutes. The creature's won't. - How can one of us be... - It's just a theory, Allison, hopefully one we can rule out. All right, 10 minutes should be enough time. I'm sorry. This situation is just... - I'm trying to stay calm. - We all are. Believe me, I've been in far worse situations than this. - You have? - Absolutely. There was a town of zombies in Uganda, and of course I ran out of ammunition just as night fell. A deep sea capsule I was in was trapped underneath a gigantic mutated squid, and there was an escaped lunatic who was able to turn himself into a giant ape. Thanks. You just made all that up, didn't you? Only two of them. My point is, you just have to keep trying, no matter what. That's how we'll stay alive. What if your test doesn't work? - What then? - We'll try something else. - Well, hurray, Mr. Positive. - Braun, do me a favor, all right? Just drop this whole "I'm angry at the world" routine, - cause it's getting very old. - What are you, some kind of a shrink? Yes. - As a matter of fact, I am. - So what? Have you been psychoanalyzing me the whole time? What's your prognosis, Doc? Angry at my mommy? Didn't get enough toys... You're afraid, and there's a lot of that going around, so it doesn't make you so special. But it does make me human. Braun. I see the same thing. Just stay calm. It isn't me. - It isn't me... - Just calm down. I'm not the creature. Just until the rescue arrives. You don't have to do this. I'm not a monster, all right? I've been seeing things, yes, okay? I've been seeing things that I can't explain. But that does not make me a monster. This is for your own safety as well as ours. Mr. Braun, please, we really have no choice. I can't do small spaces. Please. Please... Please, don't. Please...</i> I'm not the monster. Please, I'm not the monster, please! I'm not good in... I'm not good in small spaces.</i> Oh, please... I'm human.</i> I'm human like you. Please.</i> Oh, please, help. I'm not a monster. Oh, my God! Did he see anything? No, he says he felt like something overcame him and made him feel like he was in a dream, even though he swears he was awake. But he was in front of the compartment. Did he hear anything? Did Braun call for help? He was back in his village. He was at a celebration. He was dancing at his wedding with his wife. And then he felt like he was possessed by something evil. All right. Tashi, come with us. Just to clarify, you're not seeing a monster, right? Are you? I wish I was. How does the guy we id as the creature turn out to be its next victim? Because he's human. I've just run the test again. But we both saw it before. It wasn't frozen. We saw what the creature wanted us to see, in order to throw us off the scent. I should have anticipated something like this. The legends about the creature. Some call it a skinwalker. Others say it eats your soul. Add the fact no one's ever caught one, I should have realized the initial capture went down too easily. Tashi said that he was at his wedding, dancing with his wife. With each kill, it's like we enter this vivid dream-like state that distracts us from the events. It knows exactly what to show us in order to divert our focus. But why? I mean, why is it just hanging around, picking us off one by one? Perhaps it has no choice. It has to be here to survive, too. What do you see? I see a door off its hinges. Touch it. Now, try to see what's really there. I see a lock. I don't. There's no lock. There's no damage. The door was open the entire time? - The less we use our eyes... - The more we see. Okay, okay, so, what are we not looking for, then? There. These couldn't have been made by the creature we believe we saw. It barely had enough room to move in, and its claws were four times this size. And don't cold weather mammals molt under stress? There's no sign of any fur in here. So there never was a 400-pound yeti. These scratches were made by something much smaller, almost human sized. It just made us think we were dealing with something far more intimidating, likely whatever our subconscious dictated it would be. Okay, so if what we saw before was just a Jedi mind trick, what the hell does this thing look like? I have no idea, but it's a good bet that it's as vulnerable to the cold as we are, hence its need to blend in among us in order to survive. Magnus... - how do I know that... - I'm me? - Yeah. - You don't. Nor am I certain that you're you. The creature could be any one of us. I keep thinking there must be some way of telling, you know? A way of knowing if the person's really them. We'll have to rely on the little things. Like the fact that the real you wouldn't insult me by giving me false hope. Or the fact you keep offering me that horrible brown sludge to drink. You know, that thing's never attacked two of us at once, which means it's only powerful enough to handle one of us at a time. So alone, we're vulnerable. We stay close, we live. I'll take first watch. All right, this is the last gas canister. It's going to get cold tonight. Will, stay where you are. - <i>Just stay put.</i> - Mom... I'll be right back. They're here... They're here. Hey, they're here! They're here! - Heard you were looking for a lift? - Ashley! It's good to see you, Big Guy! Okay, we've only got a short break in the storm, so let's get you guys out of here, pronto! I'll help the others. Will, come on! Okay! Will, come on, move it! This isn't real. Put on your harness! You're not real! Allison! No! Did you ever love me? I mean, truly love me? You know I'm just an element of your subconscious mind, so feel free to be completely frank. When I first knew you at Oxford, I loved you with my entire being. Those were passionate times, gone too quickly... Followed by very dark days. You destroyed my heart, John. Even though I understood why you had changed, your ailment, the hatred you felt towards me, and the way you would harm our daughter. Let me make it up to you. I need you to wake up. Now! You all right? You look like you were having a hell of a dream. I must have dozed off. Is everything... Everything's fine, though you were supposed to be keeping watch. I'll take over if you want. Magnus! Will... Stay where you are. Mom? We never got a chance to talk. Talk with me, Will. You're not real. - Does that really matter? - You died when I was eight! You don't even know me anymore! That doesn't mean I don't love you. Stay with me. I can't. I can't! Seriously, you should get some sleep. I got your back. I'm chilled to the bone. Could you make me something hot to drink? Yeah, sure. I'll make some tea. I'd prefer coffee. Of course. You finally got one. The first capture ever. Hell of a cost. That's beyond ugly. How did you know it wasn't me? Like I said, it's the little things.