a small group dedicated to expanding our knowledge of the physical world. Your mother was able to procure a very rare sample of ancient untainted vampire blood, blood that supposedly possessed miraculous properties. After each of us was injected, we received unique gifts as a result. Griffin's molecules became photosensitive. Watson's mind grew to new heights, and Tesla's reaction was the most dramatic. Your name is Gregory Magnus, and you're my father. You were the leading scientific light of your day. The Cabal are a powerful shadow organization bent on controlling all abnormal life on the planet. They threaten everything we stand for. Roy... You scared the living crap out of me. Did Jack swing by and return your boat? He should've been back by now. What's going on? Are you feeling all right? Yeah. I'm okay. What are you doing? Roy... It's me. George. The Team Projet-SG presents: Sanctuary - Season 1 Episode 12 Revelations - Part 1 (v. 1.00) Timing by: Kujathemas, nitrogenc, Salomon. We thought these reports of sudden, unexplained violent behavior among abnormals, were isolated incidents, but Henry's data analysis clearly tells us otherwise. It's getting hairy. Those yellow clusters, 63 incidents in the last five days, almost all of them against humans. There's 20 dead so far. These aren't exactly high-population centers. - The Yukon-Alaskan border? - What's particularly troubling is the pattern of distribution, starting in the north at Mount Logan and then following the upper airstream. How could this abnormal-on-normal violence be following the wind? - Unless it's something in the air. - My worry is what happens when it reaches population centers. Abnormals surfacing in significant numbers will undoubtedly trigger reprisals. You think it could be insect-borne? Given the cold climate, it seems unlikely, but certainly a pathogen could be involved. Viruses have been known to cause mass psychosis. What we need to find out is whether this was a naturally occurring phenomenon, or something that was intentionally released. Not often I use a front door. Quite the novelty. You're not welcome here, Druitt. You know that. I bring critical information, my hirsute friend, about the troubles in the north. Forgive my skepticism, John, but your history of altruism is just behind a scorpion's. Had I not dispatched Tesla, your reign over the Sanctuary may well have ended. - Why is he here? - Please. I am your father. Then you should start acting like one, and that does not mean kidnapping me - when you spend some quality time. - That is part of why I'm here. I'm guessing it's not about visitation rights. You have frostbite. It's certainly no reflection on your hospitality. - Perhaps you can guess where I've been. - The Yukon. I saw the carnage first-hand. Traced the epidemic... To its origins. Mount Logan. Not to worry. It's all been sealed to proper BSL-3 protocols. Et cetera, et cetera. I wasn't aware that epidemiology was one of your specialties. Well, that's why I've come to you. I found these fragments at ground zero, and I believe you, Mr. Foss, will find these of particular interest. These look like fragments from a dispersal mechanism. Henry, prepare a level-three residential cell for introduction - of a possible bio-hazard. - Better than some I've been called. What's the point? He will teleport out of there. - I give you my assurances I will not. - Let me back up those assurances with an EM-shield. You teleport, you die. Are we supposed to believe that you came here to fight the outbreak? The war has begun. Humans versus abnormals, and I will not stand idly by while the Cabal imposes its chaos. Well, John was right about one thing. His body shows no presence of any viral or bacterial anomaly. Fortunately, neither do any of ours. - You want to take him out of isolation? - I think we should wait for a bit. There might be a latency factor that we should allow for. I'm prepping the machine for a full work-up. There's only so much I can tell from the fragments. It's way sophisticated. This is stuff they tested at Fort Dietrich when they were researching biological weapons for... "defensive" purposes. Your biosafe room is scrubbed and ready. - Thanks. I'll let you know what I get. - Thank you. Something the Cabal could have built. Well, we know their access to technology is unrivaled. Yeah, and I just got schooled on their willingness to experiment - on humans as well as abnormals. - Telegram. Telegram? What is this, 1890? Our Dr. Watson tends only to trust the more established forms of communication. Dr. Watson? Not as in James Watson, who's a member of the Five? Yeah, and head of the UK Sanctuary. "Helen, a matter of the utmost urgency. "Will be arriving at the Sanctuary tomorrow. "Will be bringing everything we need to get to the bottom of this new menace. "Your trusted colleague, JW." Do you have an update, doctor? The field test is going very, very well. Better even than our models suggested. Abnormals in the path of the agent are showing rapid onset of clinical paranoia and extreme aggression. How far is this dispersal expected to spread? We put sustainability at four days before it wanes of its own accord. The reaction to the abnormal uprising is exactly what we hoped for. Anger, scapegoating, retribution. That's your real vector of transmission. What about the Sanctuary? Two of the five, Druitt and Watson, have already made contact with Magnus. I want hourly updates. Every communication in and out. We really can't take anything for granted. You said that we were dealing with the most brilliant minds on the planet. Brilliant, yes, but they have no idea what they're facing. I have some good news. James... It's so good to see you. You haven't changed a bit. - Since last fall in London? - No, since spring of 1886. Coming from such a keen observer, I'll take that as a compliment. Now, I will need help. I have a driver and a truck at the loading dock. - I brought some things. - Things? Corpses, Helen. You didn't expect me to arrive without a gift, did you? Dr. James Watson, Ashley and Henry you know, of course. Lovely to see you again, my dear. Henry, the new servers are working perfectly. - Oh, thanks, doc. I try. - And my new colleague, - Dr. Will Zimmerman. - Hello. The protégé. Yes, I've heard quite a bit about you. - All good, I hope. - Some. Profiler, right? Yes. Yes, Dr. Magnus told you? No, actually, I was watching you looking at me. - Really? - A profiler looks, listens, gauges, senses, calculates, compares. Am I really a doctor? Am I really who I say I am? The tells, the giveaways. The twitch of an eye, the odd unnatural pause... You have dirt under a single fingernail. Did you scratch at something? - Did I? - I think so. Something green. Verdigris... Oxidized bronze. The door knocker. To test its age. Reproductions are rampant. I would have been so disappointed. - From that, you got "profiler"? - More your immediate threat assessment. Is that a bomb on his chest? Is the accent authentic? Is he casing the room? That said "profiler". - I'm impressed. - Yes, of course you are. And people tell me I sound like Sherlock Holmes. Actually, Will, that's exactly who he is. So you don't mean that your Dr. Watson really is Sherlock Holmes? Not the literary figure, of course, but yes, Conan Doyle did model the character after James' brilliant deductive mind. So why did he get relegated to the sidekick in the stories? At Watson's insistence. He preferred to let Holmes take center stage while he played the fawning acolyte in the wings. His genius... Was exponentially increased when he became one of the Five. What about the bodies he brought here? They're being prepared for an autopsy in a biosafe environment. You know, if this disease really does turn abnormals into psychotic killers, then in theory, you, Henry, the big guy, are all potentially susceptible. Ashley, too, in theory. Anyone with that DNA could suddenly be stricken with psychotic aggression. I've done that dance with you once a half a mile under the ocean. - I'm not anxious to do it again. - Nor am I, Will. Body is that of a male abnormal, Odobenus Rosmarus Sapien. A genetic melange of human and walrus. Koo-koo-ka-choo. Cause of death, multiple gunshot wounds suffered during a reported fire-fight after the subject allegedly slaughtered three out of four family members. What you mean is, the abbie went psycho and then got shot to bloody hell. You always did have the gift for brevity. It's not the ballistics we're interested in. We'll need samples of every organ. The scalpel is yours, doctor. Thank you. You know, James, you really are a walking medical miracle. I think "walking" is a bit of an exaggeration. Without these exoskeletal powered braces, I fear I would be confined to a wheelchair. Nothing to be ashamed of at 160. Anyway, if I am a miracle, what does that make you? My gift was longevity. Yours was far more profound. Care to switch? How's the serum transaminase going? Inconclusive levels. The fact that behavioral changes are the first clinical presentation make this diagnosis very prickly. Well, John was unaffected despite being exposed to ground zero, which suggests that the special qualities of the Five might well provide an immunity factor. Until the tests come back, I'll be looking at my own blood - to combat the disease. - I'll tell you the results, - or would you rather be surprised? - A man-made pathogen. A psychosis-inducing agent that affects only abnormals has to be by design. John believes the Cabal is behind it. Well, John draws his insights from an affinity with evil. I have great faith in his analysis. I've released him from isolation. Now if you could only release yourself. I'm sorry? Our contacts are too seldom, too brief, considering I'm the leader of your largest satellite operation. It's out of respect for your autonomy as much as anything else. Most people go back to their oldest contacts for solace, Helen. You defy that convention, but then, you always have. We're together now, aren't we? If only the circumstances were more agreeable. So, what is that? A necessary component for my survival. There's not much we can do till the results come in in the morning... Not that I think Helen will sleep very much. Tell me, young man, what is it like to work for a woman? A woman like Dr. Magnus? It's a privilege. What Watson means is, what's it like for someone who hasn't been dragged by his scruff into the 21st century? And the century before that. Most men's failures haunt them for a lifetime. Mine have haunted me for two. What failure? The Ripper case. It confounded me like no other. You came close, James. You don't know how close. Night after night, I poured my insights out to you, never knowing that the target of my manhunt was the man who dissected my suppositions. I was in the grip of something I couldn't control. You know that. The fact remains, you gave the lie to all my bravado. You shattered my belief that I could see beyond what a mere mortal could. A little sensitivity here. We're in the presence of a mere mortal. Young Will here has the makings of a decent detective. Perhaps he would have seen what I could not. I'm sorry. It's just, it's amazing to me. Sherlock Holmes, Jack the Ripper... The fact that you two can sit here together... Time is a great healer. Redemption, that requires a little more. You ooze judgment, doctor, like a weeping sore. In a life devoted to justice, sir, it is a constant burr on my backside that you have avoided it. Justice is meted out in many ways. You're not the only one haunted. You've got to believe that fate has brought you two together for a reason. Yes, why are you here, Druitt? To save the world as we know it, and, time allowing, reassert my superiority in our battle of wits. It's really hard to know how this sucker worked. So much chop and so little suey. But you think cryo was involved. Well, it looks like the bio-agent was cooled way down before being vaporized. The latest data suggests that the rate of infection is slowing. That's a good thing? This first dispersal was a test, a dry run. I'm certain. To measure the effectiveness of what I think is some sort of neurotoxin. A dispersal device of sufficient size could well blanket the globe. We need to find out what their capabilities are. Our intelligence has the Cabal's weapons laboratories in several far-flung places. Including one very close to home. Like just outside of New City, if I remember right. Hang on a second. - I think I got somethin' here. - What is it? Looks like one of the microcapsules survived detonation. It's a pure sample of the agent. Put it in a biosafe container, Henry. Just be very, very careful. You know those little mechanical arms that pick up stuffed toys at arcades? Four-time state champion. We're looking at one of the most dangerous pathogens the abnormal world has ever seen. It functions very much like a prion on steroids. The rogue protein found in mad cow disease. It replicates inside the abnormal's brain, causing pathological aggression. And eventually a very painful death. According to the tests, we can say with certainty that the mode of transmission is not person-to-person. It's not communicable. That's the good news. But the susceptibility to antivirals is nil. The fact is, prion disease is largely incurable. I still think our best hope is to find something in our own blood, possibly an antigen that could inhibit the disease. That would explain why we are apparently immune. Because you all injected the source blood. That's pretty powerful stuff. Even if we can't find something in our individual blood that could stop the disease, it may well be that the source blood could, in the form of a synthesized antitoxin. Except that the ancient blood was used up over 120 years ago. Not all of it. What? My father wanted to destroy what was left. Eventually he agreed to set aside the unused portion of the vial only to be tapped in the most dire of emergencies, and he made sure that only the five of us acting in concert could retrieve it. Which is a bit of a problem if, in fact, I have killed Tesla. Even if Nicola managed to survive, the last of the Five, Nigel Griffin, could not possibly be enlisted. Because? Because Griffin died half a century ago. The situation may not be as hopeless as you think. You have the power to revive the dead? Now, that would impress me. Before he died, in the early '60s, Griffin wrote me a letter declaring that his legacy had been passed on. He has a daughter, Anna. Now, with any luck, we could track her down and convince her to take on her father's role in our mission. Hold on a second. You said that only the Five acting together could retrieve the blood. The powers of the Five, to be more accurate. So, what's Griffin's power? Nigel Griffin? He was the invisible man. I don't understand. If the epidemic stopped in its tracks, how did he get the disease? Well, Watson and Druitt may have come back clean in their blood work, but that doesn't rule out the microorganism being brought in on their clothing or their personal items. So it's only a matter of time before every abnormal in the Sanctuary comes down with it. Including me. I could offer you assurances, Henry, but they'd be hollow. What's his prognosis, doc? Well, I suspect every species of abnormal reacts differently, but if the reports are any indication, he'll become increasingly irrational and violent, then turn against human beings, and eventually, he'll die. We appear to have been successful in getting the toxin into the Sanctuary. By now I'm quite sure our friends there will have correctly concluded that the biologic wildfire we started has all but burned itself out. I wouldn't sound so cavalier. Remember the problems we encountered with her father. Gregory Magnus helped us engineer the consummate soldier for our army. Yes, but his information on the whereabouts of the source proved utterly erroneous. Perhaps what Gregory didn't disclose, the Five will. I've checked with every source I have. Every contact in the abnormal community. They're all saying the same thing. The Yukon test was a dry run. A popgun compared to what happens three days from now. A big bang that'll blanket the entire planet. Three days? Why three days? Why not launch the biowar right now? Changing weather patterns, wind shear, patterns of the trade winds. Telling you, there's something wrong. It doesn't fit. It doesn't make sense. Yeah, well, genocide rarely does. You told me the lengths the Cabal went through to build the perfect soldier for the ethnic cleansing. My father became an unwitting accomplice to those ends. Why engineer an army of abnormals if your real line is an invisible pathogen? Perhaps to fend off any re-emergence of abnormals once the decimation complete. Who's to say that your own army won't be susceptible? You've got to believe that they've built an immunity into their design. They knew it would be possible to immunize after the fact. The source blood is the key. Even if we do find this Anna Griffin, we still don't have Tesla. What's the point if you don't have the last member of the Five? I know how my father thought. Now, if he'd anticipated that one or more of the Five might have died, he may well have built in some sort of safety mechanism - so we could still crack the code. - Same old Helen. "I'm just going to jump off this cliff and hope that I sprout wings." Where did Gregory hide the vial? In one of the most inaccessible places on the planet. The lost city of Bhalasamm in the Indian Himalayas. The seat of the original culture of ancient vampires. So, not Transylvania? Its unique topography keeps everything well-hidden. Trust me, Will, this makes the other wonders of the ancient world pale. - He what, hid it like a pirate's chest? - There's a labyrinth beneath the city. My father placed five keys within it, each impossible to release without the properties acquired by the blood. And what's your power, just showing up for the meeting after 135 years? Like to see you do it. Okay, so I did a full cavity search on the Internet for this Anna Griffin. She went by a different name, so that slowed me down, but then I tracked her to Baton Rouge. - 3 years ago, she drops off the earth. - Could she simply have died? If you believe the obit, she did, but it didn't pass the sniff test. The certificate of death was an outright forgery. Somebody wanted us to think she'd kicked. Like it was, like, a witness protection or something. So I was lucky to find a few fragments that they missed. I found an address. So, somebody better wake up Druitt, 'cause we ain't got time to take no fast train. - "We"? - You can't send Druitt alone. He's all hearts and flowers one day, next, he's turning a girl into a canoe! Despite his goodwill as of late, there are definitely warring sides to his personality. - Keep Druitt company. - What? Why me? I'm supposed to tell Jack the Ripper to fetch? Just remember... His sharpest implement is his mind. Can I help you guys? Yeah, as a matter of fact. We're looking for Anna Thayer Griffin. Who's asking? We're friends of the family. Then I'm surprised you don't know she's dead. Is she? Yes, she is. I went to her funeral. She died three years ago. Where's she buried? We'd like to pay our respects. Whispering Pines. Thanks. Just give me a second... Every experiment where I tried to create an anti-toxin from one of us has failed. We've no choice but to go to the source. You do have a choice, mom. We find a way to stop that bioweapon from going off, - you don't need the damn source. - You want me to send you into the heart of the Cabal's weapons factory and do it all on your own. Henry said he'll go with me. No offense, but you don't graduate from Eagle Scout to James Bond overnight. - I was green as Gumby, too. - I can do this. What, Gumby? I'm Gumby now? Odds are, the device will be triggered from their network of weapons labs. Which is why we need to break in there and find a way to stop the detonation. Just like that? - I didn't say it'd be easy. - I didn't say you could go. Mom, we don't have a lot of time. We can do this. Get in. Get what you need, and get out. No unnecessary risks. - Let's go, Gumby. - Thank you. Thanks. - Ashley... - Yeah? Someone's been visiting the grave, empty or not. If the gift was passed on to the daughter, why not an offspring? She went that way. - How could her clothes be invisible? - She's not wearing any. I thought so. You're Anna's daughter, aren't you? Clara. She was afraid she'd be called. You're the people she was worried about, aren't you? Yeah, well, she's off the hook. We'd like you to take her place. I don't know about the Sanctuary, and I don't know who you guys are. You just said your mother was afraid she'd be called on. She obviously talked to you about your grandfather. His unusual past. I have to go. Why did you follow us out here, Clara? Before she went into hiding, she must have told you that the responsibility would fall to you, - that you'd have to use your gift. - I do use it. I can reach into any till I want. - That's not what it was made for. - Why did she fake her death? Because she was sick and tired of running, living in fear. She wanted to disappear for good, so she made everyone believe she died. The irony is, is two years later, she did die, and she was the only one who understood what it was like for me, and now there's no one. I never wanted it, what you guys call a gift. But you have it, and right now, you could be the only person that could help us stop something terrible from happening. Let me out! Let me out now! Helen... Helen... Don't let me out. Pitting humans against abnormals, decided who lives and who dies... The Cabal has to be stopped. It's why I started this mission more than a century ago. I just didn't know it. Well, you have four of the Five, but I don't think Clara can do what we need her to do. - You said you saw her go invisible. - Yeah, but... Look, she talks a tough game, but she's afraid of her own shadow, when she has one, and she thinks we're a cult. I just don't think she has it in her. Well, you have till mid-day tomorrow to convince her. And what if she can't pull it off? What if we can't find Tesla's key? What if my father gave up the source to the Cabal when they had him under their thrall? You can't answer every "what if", Will. I just know that we only have days to stop the destruction of every abnormal on earth. Prisoner visiting hours are 10:00 till 2:00. You're not a prisoner. Oh, so, I can leave, then? When we go, you can go with us. You got a real trophy, didn't you, Dr. Z? That's not what's happening here. Invisible girl? Come on... Tell me your band of creature hunters scores like that every week. Clara, I need you to understand the stakes here. - I know it could cost me my life. - I don't think it will come to that. You don't think? I don't want to sugarcoat it. This mission is going to be dangerous as hell, and you're gonna have to use your power in a way that's never been used before, and if you fail, if we fail, then thousands if not millions of lives will be affected. You finished? Except to say that... - I believe that you can do it. - Oh, please. You don't know who the hell I am. I don't think you know who the hell you are. I mean, you've spent half your life hiding. You have no idea what it's like to disappear. People look into your eyes, and they don't see anything. You're a... a phantom, a mirage. You don't matter, and you don't exist. Yeah, but you can do something. I mean, you can do something that maybe nobody on earth can do. You sound like my mother. So she did talk to you about your destiny. Yeah, she... said the power was passed on for a reason. First to her, and then to me. I've never wrapped my head around it. I don't know, Will. I have never done anything like this before. I don't think any of us have. How long before the sedation wears off? Three, four hours. I've managed to increase the antigen levels in our blood samples by a factor of two. We need a factor of 100. If I draw his blood and inject myself, my levels would spike that high. - You'll most likely kill yourself. - My blood will protect me, - I'll bet my life on it. - That's what you'd be doing. If we don't find the source, we need to find some way to fight this disease. Helen, for God's sake, you have no protection! Are you mad? Just desperate. I warned you. It's me, Helen. There's no need to harm me. Okay, so if this isn't the back entrance to an evil lair, I don't know what is. Okay, the barbed wire's easy. - How do we get rid of the lasers? - I blind them, with this. - What would boys do without their toys? - Can you stop with the boy thing? If we're gonna do this, I need a modicum of... Respect. Henry, you're Indiana Jones with cooler toys. Thank you. See? Was that so hard? John will teleport us two at a time to a wooded area just below the rim of the outlook. We make the modest descent to the ridge and enter the lost city via the eastern approach. Can't you just teleport us into this labyrinth thing? My powers are formidable, I'll allow, but as I haven't seen what's down there... Rematerializing inside a granite boulder would not be a comfortable way to die. No, true. Absolutely. I prefer to walk. Once inside the subterranean passages, we'll each be responsible for securing our designated keys. Does no one else see the madness in all this? You believe I can't accomplish Nicola's task. He had the powers of a vampire. And, he fell asleep in Edison's electric chair at full current. I don't see your skill sets overlapping. My father always said no problem has a single solution. There are always alternatives. All right, then, in the unlikely event that we find all five keys... We'll be led to an inner sanctum where our keys will be inserted, and the vial containing the source will be released. You know, it's not the mission, Helen. What worries me is that gleam in your eye. Suck it up, Jimmy. We're going to India. Kind of quiet. That's good. We don't have a lot of time. We need to get in, get what we need, and get out. Okay, they're leaving. Let's move. Come on... - Freeze! - Don't move! This is my father's worst nightmare. That we would try and retrieve the source. You going to tell him? If I find out where he's holed up, and if the time is right... No. Who the hell are you? Relax, Mr. Foss. I'm your doctor. Hello, Ashley. It's good to finally meet you. - Go to hell. - I apologize for this, but your reputation does precede you, and I have yet to meet an intelligent being that doesn't respond to the proper stimulation. What did you do to me? Taming wild creatures is what we do best. We haven't even touched on me getting wild yet. - I think you'll like it. - My name is Dana Whitcomb, director of logistics and operations here. Nice job title. Long hours? You and your colleague, Mr. Foss, came here with the intent of trying to stop the release of a bioweapon, codename Lazarus. Very ambitious, not to mention incredibly brave of you. It was also incredibly foolish. Well, foolish is kind of how we roll. Well, despite your efforts, Lazarus will be released. Its effects will be a thousand times more devastating than phase one. When the dust settles, it will bring a new day for humans, and what's left of abnormals. Yeah, well, we'll see, won't we? Your mother and her colleagues will no doubt try to stop us. I promise you they'll fail. They'll fail because... You're going to help us complete our plan. We're about to see the ninth wonder of the ancient world, - and I didn't even bring a camera. - You brought your mind, didn't you? Damn, you know, I knew I forgot something. Dear god. It's all been destroyed. There has to be a way down there. There has to be a way into the labyrinth. It's over. No access, no source.