presents Sanctuary Webisode 02 v. 1.1 Synchro : Golgi. Transcript : Egwene. Edition : Golgi. Proofreading : Egwene, Golgi. Station's closed, pal. Buddy, what the hell's going on? You know what? I don't want to know. You just stay put. Control 4, this is Rail check 2. I got a pick up on Southbound plateform. Some privacy if you please. We're just getting to know each other. I am so sick of that. Will my friend, you are on fire tonight. Good. You're awake. Considering I'm looking at a photo of you and Joe Louis, I don't think so. I apologize for my boldness this evening. Woman from earlier, creepy house, wacked photos. Probably working through some childhood stuff? Bedwetting issues, night fears. Still, this is good stuff. Even for me. Dr Zimmerman. I assure you I am real, as is this place, and everthing in it. No, see, that's impossible. Because if this place is real and I did pass out here, then that means that... Oh god... I love the dark. It's such a wonderful feeling. Letting the blackness envelop you, hide you, protect you from harm. I know all too well what it is like to be different, to have others hate me, fear me... the way he fears you... Fulfill your desires, do your heart's content. With one condition. I need your help... to find an old friend. My manservant seems to have a profound impact on you. Yeah, if you call fifteen years of therapy down the drain profound. My patients and I are unused to visitors. - We should have warned you, I suppose. - That thing is your patient? Former patient actually. After I removed more than a few bullets from his body, he refused to leave. So I gave him a position on my staff. And I must say he brews tea as poorly as a short order cook. - He flushed me out of my shower. - Did he use your toilet? That is so annoying. I'll be sure to have a word with him. No, it's not the toilet flushing that bothers me, it's the kidnapping. - And that fact that he's a... - Well, he can't help who he is. Okay, you know what? This is been great, but I'm overdue for a round of heavy drinking and some tranquilizers so... If I could just have my clothes, please. As you wish. But outside that door are creatures that makes my buttler seems like a housecat by comparison. Sanctuary for all is not an empty motto. A scone? Rail check 2, this is Blue Rider 9. Respond. Respond Rail check 2. Nothing. I hate this goddamn sector. No one likes working under the old city. Too many bad memories. Well if this guy caught an Express he could be up in Gunns Landing for all we know, or friggin Sentinel Green... We've been checking the switches on the number 4 line, near 149th. - I'm thinking he didn't go far. -  Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm thinking you're right. So you're a doctor of what exactly? It depends on the patient of course. Of course! You spent eight years of your life studying medecine... for what? So you could practice a profession that has almost nothing to do with the reality of the world around you? How about a little context with that character assassination? That, I can provide. I specialize in teralogy, among other things ... I'm sorry, teralogy? ... combined with healthy doses of cryptozoology and xenobiology as well, when the need arises. Please. Teralogy, from the greek "teras" meaning hideous creature, deformity, unknown being. New guy. Hey! New guy. New guy... New guy! Stop it! Both of you. I apologize. They're incorrigible. None of these... things are running around free, right? Don't be ridiculous. Exercice time isn't for another two hours. The purpose of this institute is to find and help the unfortunate creatures of this world. Dr Zimmerman, I believe there is a vital role for you to play here. You want me to help you capture monsters? I prefer to call them abnormals. Please. You find my offer amusing. - Yes. - Because you're afraid. You work with monsters. I work with sentient beings. each worthy of the same respect that humans, even animals, receive automatically. They are the key to the evolution of our race. And yet we revile them, destroy them. And worst of all, pretend they don't even exist. But they are out there Dr Zimmerman, lost, like children, misunderstood, hunted. Are they really so different from the outcasts you treat every day? You knew Mr Tolson was telling you the truth. And in that one moment, I saw that you were capable of so much more. I believed some of his story. That doesn't make me Jeckyll to your Hyde, - or whatever the right combo is. -  Open your eyes. Good doctors come and go. But the really great ones have always seen beyond the bounderies of science, beyond the known The great ones dare to believe in the unbelievable. He must be close. Who? Our quarry. So how did you know the killer's next victim would be down here and not... you know... up, uptown. I have my sources. Could you be a little more cyptic please? Because I was starting to feel in the loop there and we wouldn't want that. Our subject is unused to human contact. He would seek refuge in these catacombs if only for the solitude. Plus I have a police scannner. And how did you know the victim was the work of the subject. Because I had been tracking the little dweeb all night. Hi. With very little success I'm afraid. Well, that's because someone else was down here. Tall dude. Moves faster than me. If that's possible. What did he look like? Old, trenchcoat... didn't see much. Guys! It's okay. It's okay. Stop! We need him alive. We want to help you. Do you undertsand me? Over here! Over here! Yeah. That's it. That's it. Okay. Easy. A little help here please. You okay? I'm fine. Far from it. This chaos was completely avoidable. Give me a break. I've been avoiding cops, ghouls and god knows what else in dark tunnels all night. I need food. I need a bath. I don't need a lecture. Okay, so I'm... getting that you two know each other.