bent on controlling all abnormal life on the planet.</i> The war has begun. Pitting humans against abnormals, deciding who lives and who dies, the Cabal has to be stopped. It's why I started this mission more than a century ago. We were a part of something, something we called the Five,</i> a small group dedicated to expanding our knowledge of the physical world.</i> Your mother was able to procure a very rare sample</i> of ancient, untainted vampire blood, blood that supposedly possessed miraculous properties.</i> Your mother and her colleagues will no doubt try to stop us.</i> They'll fail. You're going to help us complete our plan. - What did you do to me? - You're going to die today, Ashley. It was a set-up. Something else is going on. We're too late. Thank you, Ashley. You've been everything we could have hoped for. Welcome to your rebirth. Did you bring it? Highest quality. You must be desperate indeed. Desperate was last month. This month means breathing the same air as people like you. And I am so honored. No games. What do you know? Word is, you seek blood, but what kind? That of ancient vampires, or your own kin? And, may I say, things have been quiet for so many of us since Ashley's... departure. Silver linings and all that. If you're done enjoying yourself... Hardly, but to business. You wish to know Ashley's whereabouts, what the Cabal has done with her, among other things. And if your information proves valuable, I'm willing to reward you handsomely. I do know... things. Trading is my trade, and this is a lovely token of your desperation, but, as it turns out, I have nothing left to say to you. You won't make it out of here alive if you try to harm me. Salaam aleikum. Aleikum salaam. Please, love of God, no problems! No problems... It's much nicer out here, don't you think? Less smoky, easier for you to think clearly. So, unless you'd enjoy an express trip to someplace very cold, I'd suggest you be a little more forthcoming. No one knows much, but word is, they control her mind completely, and that she is... more than she was before. That she is like you. We need a location. I don't know. - Which direction is true north? - I'm not resisting! I am not resisting. She is deep within their network. No one, not even their most trusted operatives, has access, and they are using her for something, a special project, something only the most powerful people in the organization know about. I've seen this before with those the Cabal claim as their own. She is a ghost. The girl you knew as your daughter is dead. The Team Projet-SG presents: Sanctuary - Season 2 Episode 1 End of Nights - Part 1 (v. 1.00) Timing by: Arrow, nitrogenc, Salomon I can't do it. I won't do it, actually. Oh, come on, Will, just one nickname.</i> It can be something manly. Something manly? Like what? Huggy bear. Huggy... Now you're just mocking me, and that's not fair. No, this is a long-distance relationship.</i> I mean, we need all the lovey-dovey cutesy crap we can get. - <i>Keep the fires burning.</i> - Do you know what? London has made you soft, darling. You should come home before you start thinking cricket is a real sport. It's not a sport. It's a little insect, makes a little song with its legs. I don't know, the UK Sanctuary's kind of growing on me.</i> Yeah, I heard... I heard you're doing really well out there. I miss you, a lot. I miss you, too. You sure you can't catch a red-eye, come out just for a few days?</i> Do it. Just do it. Do it. I'd love to, but, you know, I'm kind of minding the shop here. Listen... I gotta go. - <i>Be good.</i> - You too. See ya. You know, actually, I'm fine to cover things here if you two want to go moon over each other in Covent Garden. There's a lovely cafe where Churchill used to gorge himself on pastries. Thanks, but... I think I'll take a rain check. Young love is so... Heartbreaking to observe as a scientist. So passionate, so innocent, and yet so utterly doomed. So I'm guessing you've never been in love, then? Countless times, my friend. See, the difference is I recognize the emotion for what it is, an irrational, self-destructive impulse which is disguised as joy. Was there something you wanted, or you wanted to come and ruin... Your shaggy friend is still refusing treatment, and, frankly, I'm insulted. Right, yeah, because I forgot, this is all about you. I have spent weeks creating a working treatment for the Lazarus virus. I spend weeks more traveling the Earth disseminating it to the affected abnormals, effectively stemming an outbreak, and in the end, the creep in the room with the hair doesn't want to take his medicine! - It's personal, and we know it is. - What do you want? Henry's talking to him. Does your hirsute friend understand that he's facing probably the most unpleasant slow, lingering death in all creation? I'm sure you made it abundantly clear. Also... Huggy bear, we're out of wine. - That's not my nickname. - Huggy bear! Hey, Big Guy... Leave me be, Henry. Yeah, tried that, doesn't really work for me, for any of us, actually. You know what I'm going to ask. Seriously, who cares if that cure was cooked up by a world-class jerk? - The stuff works. - I will not... take this treatment. Your holistic cures aren't working. We have to keep you locked up. If I ingest this human-made cure, my people... Will disown you, I know, I know, but could you... I will not betray who I am. You'd rather die like a diseased, psychotic animal instead? That's great. I get that. I get it. I know who I am! I know who I am! What I am... We're running out of road. Something will turn up. It always does. We've interrogated every Cabal-backed abnormal we can find, and we've learned nothing, - except that our quest may be hopeless. - Are you quite finished? Assam mentioned this being an extremely rarefied project for the Cabal. They must be receiving some support from one of their corporate connections, drug companies, software divisions. There must be a chink in their armor. So what's our next move? Terrorizing Fortune 500 executives? You're here because I need your help, and as Ashley's father, you have the right. Do i? There was a time you would have said the exact opposite, just before trying to put a bullet in me. Tesla may have shocked you into your senses, John, but nobody becomes what you were without a predilection for killing. I've no doubt you'd return to your murderous habits one day. I wasn't asking you out on a date, if that's what you're thinking. Perhaps I just... Wanted to know where we stood. Hey, what do you got? Slick-as-they-come heist at an Interpol data farm near Montreal. Someone swiped, like, 200 petabytes of data. - What kind of data? - The classified kind. MI-6 is involved in the investigation, which means British Intelligence, but that's not why we care. Someone got in and out - without tripping anything! - Ashley. - It's a safe bet. - You get me in there? I had Magnus make some calls to set it up. It's your new id. All access pass to spook-ville. - Comes with a lunch and a decoder ring. - Well done, Henry. Thank you. Hard copies of the stolen computer files. There's nine more of these, all to be remanded into your custody. Great, thanks. I got to tell you, I'm very impressed. My boss? Very, very powerful guy, and he just bent over for yours. Yeah, it happens a lot. You have to know her. Believe me, I tried. Did a little digging, see how a former profiler like yourself ended up with... senior intelligence analyst credentials. Guess what I found? Nothing. Way beyond my pay grade. I've been there. Listen, just... Off the record, because I know they'd send me for a psych eval if I said this too loud, but the surveillance footage? I would swear she just disappeared into thin air. You're not really a senior intelligence analyst, are you? Off the record? Not even close. Can you believe it's friday again? The weeks just fly by. We both work so hard during the week, we don't get a chance to talk. But then friday comes along, and... Then we can catch up. Unwind. Decompress. So... How are you? Everybody's talking about your latest mission, by the way. Stellar work. Stellar. I know, if you could feel anything, you would feel like I feel. You would feel pride. How is she, doctor? Top-top form. All systems good. Any sign of lapses? No. She's been on the proper dosage of control medication for weeks now, and everything's 5x5, as her latest work proves, I'm sure. Yes, we're all very impressed. Well, she did all the heavy lifting. I just opened the gate and kind of pushed her out. Begin phase two. What? I mean... I thought I had another month. Yes, but your success accelerated the schedule. I want her ready for trials as soon as possible. Okay. Don't worry, hon. I am going to be with you every step of the way, and when I'm done here, you'll be better than you are now. You tell me why this is so important to you, because none of this adds up! I have known you since I was a kid, and in that time, you have never once gone back home, and you're willing to die for them, but this is your home! We're your family! Damn it, talk to me! I've never gone home because I can't. I am not welcome. Why? Mistakes were made. I cannot go home, but I can live as my people do, be true to our ways! If that means death, then that is what I must accept. Ashley's gone. I can't lose you too. The end... Comes to us all. I choose this. Burning the midnight oil? - I didn't know you were back. - We just arrived. Did you get what we needed? I'm just going through it now. There's only one file related to you, something called "Project Montana", an MI-6 off-book operation from 25 years ago. Dear God, of course. - You remember this? - Hard to forget. They were trying to modify the DNA of orphans, remove any defects. I began two years after the start, consulting for the British government. - You recommended they shut it down. - It was reprehensible, despite their lofty agenda. I still don't know why the Cabal would want an old file like this. Then you believe it was Ashley who stole the data. It was her. At least we know she may still be alive. I'm fine. Bring all this to my lab. I want Tesla to weigh in on it. I was just going to say that... It's good to see you again. It's good to see you too, Will. And here I thought British Intelligence had scruples. If you're going to help, do try to remain sober. Half-vampire. Alcohol doesn't affect me. Though since you showed up, God, I wish it did. Explains why my wine cellar is now empty. Consider it payment for averting a global crisis. Okay, so, MI-6 takes six orphans and performs this DNA "scrubbing" procedure on them. - Why? I mean, what's the end game? - Perfectly flawless DNA? - Is that even possible? - They came pretty close. The idea was to strip away any imperfections from the genetic make-up. - Almost Aryan in its aspirations. - Exactly. It was far too close to a eugenics project for my liking. What happened to the test subjects? They became wards of the state. Eventually they were all adopted. - Most of them would be in their 30s. - There must be something about this Project Montana the Cabal needs. Yes, but it could be anything to do with genetics, a rather large field of study. This is all a fluke, they wanted something else from the data farm? No, I've been through the entire list of stolen files. Everything else has to do with geo-mapping and ice floe charts. This has to be what they're looking for. Perhaps I should remind us all that whatever the Cabal is up to it has something to do with the source blood, otherwise why trick us into stealing it? Why turn Ashley into a teleporting delivery girl to hand it over to them? Now, tell me, what does the source blood do? Activates dormant abnormal DNA. But Project Montana creates six orphans with scrubbed DNA. They'd be completely unaffected by exposure to the blood. Why steal information about the only six humans in the world that the source blood wouldn't affect, - and why do they need Ashley? - There's your real mystery. Whatever's going on, we can bet that these test subjects are in grave danger. I agree. Henry, go through the list. Find out where they all are now. We need to get to them before the Cabal. If they haven't been found already. Don't fight it, Ashley, just let it happen. Honey, I hate to see you like this. Rebirth is painful... But it'll be so beautiful. Good news first, or bad? Four of the six Montana test subjects are missing, disappeared over the last few days. - Got to say it's the Cabal. - But two of them are still free. - But the window's gotta be closing. - Where are they? One's just outside of Vancouver. The other's in Essex, UK. Find John. We need to move quickly. Ms. Kennair? Can I help you? Today is your lucky day. Those urges you're feeling are entirely normal, and they can be controlled. See? I told you you'd be better than before. Look at you! It's okay. It's okay. - May I help you? - Is this the residence of Martin Wood? - May I tell him who's calling? - Helen Magnus and Will Zimmerman. - He should be expecting us. - It's urgent that we speak with him. May we come in? Sure. Have a seat. I'll let him know you're here. Thanks. Bloody hell. Henry, follow the van! Zodiac, this is Freestyle One. Package is onboard, but I'll need some help shaking a couple of bogies. Roger that, Freestyle. We're waiting at the docks.</i> She's headed toward the river. I'll take left. Watch it! I'm coming in hot and need to pull a touch-and-go. Damn it! Honey, I'm home! This way! Get out! - Can I help you? - On your knees. Hands on your head. What have I got, a tail light out or something? She had help. Can I just say, this was really exciting. You know, when... they first asked me to run this project, the subject of maternal feelings came up. You see, I used to have a daughter. She'd be about your age, had she lived, and I'd like to think that... she'd be a lot like you. A lot like you were. Goodbye, Ashley. This is the last time you'll feel any pain. I really will miss you. I really will. Let's start with your name. Let's start with a badge, because kidnapping is sometimes, now and then, viewed as a crime. We know you're Cabal. You know who we are. Stop acting like a fool. Name. Kate Freelander. Yes, that is my real name, even though it sounds made up. - For the record, I'm not Cabal. - So you're what, a freelance operative? Dog walking, dinner reservations, even do windows. Whoever pays me the most gets my services. Where was that boat headed? You guys aren't cops. You're not bad guys. You're not gonna shoot me or arrest me. We're gonna go 'round and 'round, and I'm gonna tell you jack, and then I'm gonna escape. It's a fun little game. You sure you wanna play? Whatever you've heard about me may not be entirely accurate. You may not be Cabal, but you can lead us to them, and you will. Look, I would love to help you out, but business is business. Nothing personal. Really? Come on... - Easy! - What the hell? Nothing personal? They have my daughter! - Now, where was that boat headed? - Look, I have no idea! - Get used to sitting more. - You're crazy! It must be fun asking her for a raise. I don't wanna hear it! She knows something! I agree, but maybe let me see what I can learn first. Fine. Either way, she'll talk. You might wanna spend a little less time with Jack the Ripper. It's affecting your manners somewhat. Nice gun. Can I see it? Sure. Dude, lighten up. It's just a job. Can I have one of those? I'm beyond starving. Look, you don't have to untie me, okay? I'll eat it hands-free. I'll make it look good, too. Go, go! She's good. I've been monitoring her closely since the last treatment, and her DNA mutation levels are all exceeding expectations. She's changing even faster than we'd hoped. Yes, and without any cellular rejection, so this is really going very well. We should be able to begin tests in... 48 hours. Okay, well, the faster the better. The timetable on this has been accelerated by recent events. Why, has something happened? We failed to acquire one of the Montana test subjects. One less subject shouldn't affect the viability of the operation. Yes, I know, it won't, but it does mean we have to act more aggressively now. You know, even if they put all the little pieces together, it'd take them years to figure out what we're doing. It's Helen Magnus and Nikola Tesla. I've underestimated them before, and I won't do it again. 48 hours? 48 hours. How did things go with the test subject that John brought back from England? Swimmingly. Behold, images of a perfectly normal human being, and I do mean both perfect and normal. Not a single genetic defect or latent abnormality in her DNA. Makes me sleepy just looking at it. Assuming the other five test subjects are the same, what does the Cabal want with them? Genetic manipulation, obviously, but what kind? Effective gene therapy is hardly contingent on having flawless DNA. And they can't use the source blood to uncork their inner monster. So what the hell do they want with them? And what does it have to do with Ashley? They're blank slates, and I mean literally. I agree the Cabal's agenda revolves around using the source blood. Of course. If they've created some new abnormal, what good is having only one? Flawless DNA would be easiest to overwrite. They're not trying to summon a latent abnormality in their victims' DNA. They want to insert a pre-existing pattern into their genetic code. They're making copies. Then the question is... Of what? - Well, this is a surprise. - <i>Really?</i> Because I delivered the package to you, intact, and at great financial and physical expense to myself, I might add, so stop screwing with me, and let's talk about the fact that no money has appeared in my account. What's distressing is that you allowed yourself to be captured and interrogated by Magnus. Come on, give me a little credit. I am a professional. Nonetheless, as per our stringent policy regarding mission protocol, our business relationship is over effective immediately. You can't be serious! All the best in your future endeavors. Bite me hard. Never liked that bitch. Yeah, I'm coming, hold on! - What the hell are you doing here? - Power bar guy. It's nice to see you. It's freezing out there. Wait a second. How did you get past the gate undetected? Your security's lame, and I really need to use your... Oh, god. A little help! - This how you treat all your patients? - The Cabal, how do we find them? I never make contact with them directly. Really? I'd say you made direct contact with them recently. The Cabal put a price on your head, didn't they? You're here because you've nowhere else to turn. We have leads, unconfirmed intel, but nothing we can act on. You wanna give us something, we can talk about amnesty for you. From the Cabal? - You're dreaming. - Why'd you come here? Well, I was running low on vital bodily fluids at the time. Why do you think? Any port in the storm, right? Waste of time. Will, tell Henry to drive Ms. Freelander to Mercy General. Drop her at the emergency ward. Yeah, right, you're gonna do that... I went to one of their facilities! Once. Where? Just above the US border, in Alberta. It was a station where they kept goods until they could be moved elsewhere. It seemed like a built-up operation. Lots of personnel, cool tech. I'll have Henry run a trace, check for anomalies in the power grid pattern. I'll talk to my contacts in intelligence community, see if anything matches. What about me? You can't just leave me here! Do I at least get jell-o? Having a ballpark location was key. There's only one spot with a history of sucking up a ton of juice, see? Big spikes all triangulated here. That's a large complex about 200 klicks from anything remotely populated. - Nothing else there. - Well, at least we got something. Well done. Tell everyone we have a target. We leave immediately. Once we gain access to the facility itself, our first priority is any information leading to Ashley. We find evidence leading to the test subjects, even better. Retrieve the source blood, it's a grand slam? One thing at a time, Dr. Expendable. For all we know, this could be a trap. - Henry, stay in radio contact. - Will do. Go kick some ass, people. Carefully! Have fun storming the castle. What the hell is this? It's a set-up. Ashley, thank god. What have they done? It's time you came home. Listen to me. Manners, young lady. Ashley, please, listen to me. No! John, please, take me back! - Take me back! - She will kill you! She'll kill us all! Get the EM shield back up now! We had her! We found her! What happened? You left for 10 minutes. - It didn't go well. - What have they done to her? She was waiting for us, but it wasn't any Ashley you'd know. They've used the source blood to change her. She's the only progeny of two source blood-altered abnormals. Smart move. It's not gonna stop there. They'll use the Montana test subjects to make copies. There'll be more like her very soon. Phase 3 is now well underway. I'm sure the results will please all of you. Six operatives are now ready for deployment. Their first mission will be the most