He didn't want anyone to know. And I promised him no one would. The Team Projet-SG presents: Sanctuary - Season 1 Episode 08 Edward (v. 1.00) Timing by: Arrow, nitrogenc, Ricana, Salomon. What's up? I'm probably the last guy you expected to hear from, huh? Not the last, but definitely down there. Look, I know you quit the force and everything, but damned if this one doesn't have your name written all over it. Since when did you start appreciating my take on crime scenes? The minute we rolled away from this one. A suicide two nights ago in the river district. Referred to homicide so we could vet the wife's claim that her husband shot himself in the chest. The chest... Men tend to shoot themselves in the head. - Women usually favor the chest. - So I'm told. Any other reason to think this isn't a suicide? Crime lab's still processing. Neighbors heard shouting. No sign of break-in. The wife and 17-year-old son are the only ones that were inside. She's claiming the husband snapped. Kid's not saying anything at all. Well, that makes sense. He's traumatized. The shrink that took over when you left, Dr. Mehtar, he's calling the boy a high-functioning autistic. - Some kind of syndrome or something. - Asperger's. That's the one. Okay, so you've got a troubled teen and the possible suicide of his father. Not getting why you called me. I thought maybe you could make some sense of this. The kid draw this? He was drawing it when the shooting happened, according to the mother. Does these in less than a minute, I'm told. And he draws them without looking. - That's quite the savant. - Yeah. Here, check out the rest. Look at that. - So, what does that tell you? - Kid's insides are twisted in knots. He draws these from life. That's a joke. That's just a joke... Look, I just figured you were the guy who loves all these oddball cases, so... Yeah, these are brilliant. I mean, they're disturbing, but they're brilliant. Yeah, we found hundreds more of them rolled up on butcher paper in a closet. When can I talk to him? I already got a friendly judge to steer you the psych evaluation. One catch. You've only got 48 hours. So these are obviously his demons, nightmares brought to life. I'm reminded of Hieronymous Bosch. His paintings were rife with abnormals. Was Bosch a friend of yours? High school sweetheart or something? There is such a thing as "before my time." Really? Cheeky monkey. Okay, check this out. Here's one I found particularly interesting. Oh, it's the Sanctuary. His draftsmanship is uncanny. Photographic in its fidelity. Yeah, he must have used computer imaging for this. Cavanaugh said the boy was home-schooled, apparently, the father wouldn't allow him access to the computer. Okay, so he copied a photo, then. The mother said he flew over old city once on the only airplane trip he ever took in his life. 10 years ago. Exactly 10. How did you know? That's when we did the renovation work on the north tower. Okay, but the part about not needing to see the page, how does that work? Well, if the anecdotal evidence is true, then the boy must bypass the role of ordinary sight. There's not much doubt about his being a savant. He may well be more. Now, the police are obviously more interested in how the father died - than in the boy's abnormality. - Understandably. I've been given a pipeline to the case file. We can get their forensics in realtime. What about the family? Cavanaugh's made arrangements for the boy and his mother to visit us, and I was hoping maybe you'd have time to be part of that? Wouldn't miss it. Okay, cool. Food. He's my father, isn't he? They always did call you a heartbreaker from the time I had you in a stroller. Come on, those were old geezers playing checkers in the park. You didn't say anything on the flight back from Rome. In fact, you haven't spoken to me since we got back. Yeah, well, what's there to say? Maybe that you're angry? Feeling betrayed... - Don't put words in my mouth. - I'm trying to get words out. Mom, I understand what your motives were. There were no good choices. I don't fault you. I wouldn't blame you if you did. Okay, well, you were worried about my feelings, right? I put you in harm's way with every swing of the pendulum, but the truth is, I can't bear to see you hurt. What really hurt wasn't the news. It was that it didn't come from you. Our sympathies for your loss, Mrs. Meyers. Thank you. My son will be along. He found something to draw in the garden. He's not quite ready to talk to strangers. You have to understand Edward, he's... He's a very... - special boy. - We've seen his art. We understand how special he is. He's done that since he first picked up a crayon. His subjects haven't always been so dark. He drew this of Robbie and me when he was only eight. Robbie's your other son? He ran away when he was 14. I'm sorry. The file said that... Robbie got into trouble for starting fires? Oh, no, no, he'd stopped all that, but Glen, he... drove him away. Was your husband... abusive to all of you? My... husband was a good man. He had his problems, but he loved us. Feeling love and inflicting pain aren't mutually exclusive. When you're a mother, protecting your children, that's all that matters. Can you tell us what happened the night that Glen died? I woke up to the shouting. You don't think I see it, huh? Laughing at your old man? - You look at me when I talk to you! - <i>He'd been drinking.</i> I said look at me! Look at me! Look at me! - I'm sorry. - Stop it. Stop it... Put the gun down. I was afraid the gun would go off accidentally, and then...</i> Just like that, he turned the gun on himself.</i> I called 911, but it was too late. I realize now that... Glen would never have hurt Edward, or anyone else. This wasn't the first time that he'd tried to take his life. It was... Just so you know, the evaluation with Edward, it may take a few sessions. I'm at wit's end, honestly. I have to deal with the funeral arrangements, and Edward, he's... scared to sleep in the room where it all happened. I... You're welcome to leave him in our care. How's it going? My name's Will. I think your artwork is pretty awesome. I've always admired people who could draw. I could never get much past stick figures myself. Dr. Magnus and Dr. Zimmerman... They're gonna take care of you for a couple of days. No, no, no. Just give me time to do everything that I have to do. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Come here. It's gonna be okay. Any luck with Henry? He still won't come out of his room. This has been the rudest of awakenings. I worry... that he will... keep spiraling down. We can provide every support, but only Henry can come to terms with what he's becoming. Nice to see you. I know I've been MIA. I'm sorry about that. I more than understand. It's not like you didn't warn me this day was coming. Doesn't make it any easier, though, does it? I've been catching up on some research that's long overdue on my... bad self. I never wanted to know any of this. Just figured if I ignored it, it'd just go away. Kind of like having some disease, but being all about denying it. - This isn't a disease, Henry. - I can't sleep, and smells are out of control. Food tastes terrible. We both need to figure out this phenomen. You weren't there. You weren't there, and you didn't see it! If anything had happened, I wouldn't have forgiven myself. Something did happen to me, and all I know is I can't control it. - Not as yet, no, but... - Look, Doc, I have spent my adult life working with abnormals, learning to accept them, even appreciate them, but now I am one... and I'm terrified. I often wonder what would have become of you if I'd left you on the Moors... to be raised by your kind. At least that way I wouldn't miss being human. Oh, Henry... I saw your light was on. Am I disturbing you? Mind if I come in? Where do these come from? - These creatures? - From here. Does it help to draw them? Make it less scary? There were pictures of Robbie, too. Your brother. You must miss him a lot. When you drew that picture that night, of the monster holding the gun? Did you see what happened? - How your father died? - I can't think. Maybe we can talk again when you're not so tired. Good... night. Don't worry, Edward, this machine simply measures your eye movements while you draw. - What do you want me to draw? - Anything from memory. Is there something you'd like to suggest? - Doesn't matter. - All right. Have you ever been to Chinatown? When most people see, their focus shifts from one area of interest to another. When we remember, we interpolate, we fill in the blanks. Which is why eyewitness testimony is so notoriously unreliable. Exactly. His visual apparatus, on the other hand, acts more like an image scanner, rapidly moving in parallel sweeps, and then archiving. So he really is a living computer. This rendering took less than a minute from start to finish. The detail is extraordinary. With respect, this is what's extraordinary. I asked Edward to concentrate on one portion of the scene, this area here, and then... a zoom on the zoom... In this case, a face, just barely visible in the shadows, becomes this. Okay, so, I'm not sure I get this. Edward's got this "Where's Waldo" thing going on with abnormals? And that's assuming there wasn't an abnormal in the doorway. Perhaps he sees the monster that lurks beneath. So, what are you saying? He detects the abnormals amongst us? Or simply the true personas of damaged people. So an abusive father becomes a monster. Exactly. You don't have to turn it off. I've seen it. Is this where some of them come from? The monsters? I draw what I see. - You know, I see them, too. - Really? We actually have a lot in common, you and I. Details jump out at me, things that go right by other people. Like right now, I can see signs that you're afraid to tell me what you know. That drawing from the other night... The creature... That was your father. He wasn't always like that. He could be nice. He wasn't nice that night. - He pointed the gun at you. - To scare me. He'd never hurt me. - You're seeing it. - You don't know what I'm seeing. And of course not. Your thoughts are yours. Mine are mine. You only share them if you want to. How did he die? Was it Robbie? Did he come back? - Then why are you thinking about him... - You said they were my thoughts. How did your father die? Did Robbie shoot your father? Hey! You look at me when I talk to you!</i> I said look at me! I thought I was going to die. I grabbed the gun. I didn't mean to kill him. We've been able to verify that your body has entered a new metamorphic phase. All we know about proteans tells us they continue to evolve over their lifetimes. There may be powers or abilities that you gain that we can't even hope to fathom. Imagine a caterpillar arresting its metamorphosis before it becomes a butterfly. You really think it was a butterfly that brought down that snake creature? I can't account for myself when I'm that thing. I mean, what if I hurt one of you? I can't let that happen. So you either chain me up in the Shoe or you tell me how I can stop all this. I need to know what my choices are. There is a surgical remedy, but it's not without its risks. It involves excising portions of both the pituitary and pineal glands. If it'll keep me human, bring it on. I want you to think about this long and hard. Okay. Done. It could well impact who you are, how you think. Is it some kind of lobotomy or something? No, certainly not, but could it blunt your intelligence, alter your personality? We just don't know. Promise me you'll think about it. The more I look at the evidence, the less I believe both Ruth's and Edward's accounts. - You think they were covering for him? - Just a sec. Hey, nice work. The stain on her robe was a dead match for the gun oil on the weapon. She obviously wiped it down. I'm getting heat to book her just on that.</i> Hold off, okay? I need a little more time. - Come on, talk to me. - <i>I saw some things</i> in the crime-scene photos I'd like to check out on-site. I thought we were going to keep the investigation side of this discrete. You came to me, remember? You should know, Ms. Meyers tried to take possession of her husband's body. - <i>Had a quick cremation all planned.</i> - The M.E. didn't release it? Of course not, but it doesn't do much for the trust factor. See, this just doesn't feel right. Well, I need to see the apartment. I'll call the wife, let her know you're coming. Okay, thanks. Please... Please! Please! Dad? Dad! Let me out! Oh, God... Oh my... God. - Who did you keep down there? - It's not what you think. What about Robbie? He got the brunt of it, didn't he? What did Glen call it, discipline? In my experience, it's often a cover for cruelty. He threatened you, didn't he? He said... He said he'd take the boys, take Robbie and Edward, if I ever tried to leave him. The file said that you didn't report Robbie as missing for almost five days. Glen didn't want to go to the police, in case Robbie showed up. Then you'll appreciate how important it is, that I report any new evidence. But you... I wasn't entirely comfortable with you making it sound as if the Sanctuary were an arm of law enforcement. I had to push her to get at what she was hiding. The unraveling of who killed this man and why may well yield a treasure-trove of information about this abnormality, but make no mistake, I will not help compound an injustice. So, what are you saying? That we... Withhold evidence from the authorities? If it's in service of preserving an extraordinary life like Edward's or the mother who tried to protect those sons? You'd better know that I would. Then I guess one of us is going to be uncomfortable. Either way, it's down to us to sort out what really happened, - and that means finding Robbie. - I've been thinking, Edward has a pixel-perfect record of his father's death. He says he doesn't remember. He was able to retrieve one image from that night. His father pointing the gun. You recall I was talking about the interpolation of data to make our memories complete. If we could get Edward to render key moments surrounding the fatal shot, Henry could program the computer to fill in the missing frames. So we'd have a movie of the crime? Or as near as you can reconstruct from a person's memories. There's just one problem. Edward doesn't want to remember. Let's get him down here. There's no harm in trying. I've made up my mind. I saw the way that kid looked at me, and if he can see it, then it's not far from surfacing again. - I want this thing gone. - Despite the risks we've talked about? That would be correct. Very well. I'll schedule the surgery. I think about what you want to do and it scares me. You get a look at that thing inside me, it'll scare you even more. - I don't want to lose the Henry I know. - I'm not real thrilled about it either, but no matter what I do, I'm gonna wind up different. But, maybe the abnormal different isn't as bad as you think it might be. Come on, Ashley, you're not talking to an amateur here. We've both seen the ugly side of the abnormal world up close. We've also seen its wonder. Its beauty. You said your father aimed the shotgun at you, and that you pulled it away and shot him. Can you show us that? Edward, this is a right hand. Why is it on the left side of the image? This isn't your hand, is it? This right hand has a scar on it. Yours doesn't. - I'm guessing this was Robbie. - No! It's all right, Edward. Was Robbie your father was threatening? Your mom and dad issued a full description of Robbie when he went missing. This scar was one of the distinguishing Marks. If he was the occupant of that little room under the floor, - he'd have enough reason for payback... - I told you it was me! Now, they're this close to charging your mother for tampering with evidence, and that charge could turn to murder like that, unless we can... It's okay. - You got him? - Yeah. - What's his condition? - Still guarded. He suffered a grand mal seizure. There's still a threat of subarachnoid hemorrhaging. I'm sorry. If I hadn't have pushed him so hard, none of this would've happened. No neurologic deficits have surfaced, but clearly now, we have to err on the side of caution. - What the hell did we see? - The dark side to his power. It's like his eyes were shooting out heat bursts. That would explain the scorch marks on the walls of that chamber. What about the marks on Ruth? I can't imagine that Edward would have inflicted those,</i> - at least not intentionally. - And if it was the husband? Maybe they weren't cigarette burns at all. The M.E.'s file said there was evidence the father suffered seizures as well. If the father was an abnormal, he probably passed it on to Edward. The father's abnormality was the burning eyes power. What if he could sense when it was coming on? And had himself locked away to protect his loved ones, yes. Glen Meyers may have built that chamber for himself. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. Listen, I know I pushed you to places in your head that you weren't ready to go, - and I'm sorry if... - You don't... have to apologize. Is there anything I can get you? My sketch pad. - I don't think that's such a good idea. - My mom didn't do it. I can show them. So obviously, you don't agree with my decision. Not for me to pass judgment. What would you do? I'm not the one trying to purge his abnormal nature. - But if you could. - Deny who I am? Why? I'm not ashamed. I'm not suggesting you should be, but... But... what? I've spent a lifetime more or less human. You have yet to discover your gift. You think turning into that mongrelized human is a gift? Okay, that thing between my teeth? That's my foot. You only see the curse in it. Every gift comes with one. What's your curse? Now... You are on this journey with me. It's something you'll discover. Difference between you and me is, you can control your power. And in time, so will you. Now, get to work. Now, if you feel the slightest bit uncomfortable, or you want to quit, just let me know, okay? I think I'm pretty much ready to go here, boss. Understand that the computer tries to maintain the laws of both physics and psychology when filling in the blanks. It's not without its flaws. It's not safe. It's not safe out there. No, that's what he wants you to believe, but... You get away from him, Robbie. You're not taking him away! There's nothing out there but shame and hate. I know. I've seen it! It's different for me and Ed! He deserves a life! You get the hell out of here, Robbie! I never want you to experience the pain that I did. I'm so... - Dad... - Sorry. Dad! Dad, please, stop! We still can't see whose finger's on the trigger. - Robbie's body's blocking it. - Just wait. There. The reflection in the mirror captured it all. - Let go! - Let go of the gun, dad! Stop it! Stop it! - Robbie lets go of the gun, and... - <i>Get back.</i> Dad... Let go of the gun! Stop it, please! Dad! The father didn't have to pull the trigger. He ignited the charge directly with his eyes. Hey, watch the car. You watch it! - Bring the evidence? - Missing persons, Robbie Meyers. Unsolved. Right there. - Look, I know you want answers... - Yeah, tell me about it. What's the matter? The case, our case, was pulled. Erased. Eradicated. Everything. The files, crime lab, ballistics, everything. The coroner had to surrender the husband's body to a caravan of black four-by-fours. Sent by whom? Whatever's happening here is way above my pay grade. Someone, someone powerful, finds Edward's family very, very important. What? Too paranoid? Welcome to my world. For all we know, Robbie could be blaming himself for his father's death. We've got to try and find him. He could be hiding out of pure fear. You know, I understand that. Magnus says you're... going through with the surgery. Listen, if I start growing man boobs, I'm depending on you to tell me. Who knows, you might look good. This belonged to the boy, right? Yeah, I guess so. Why? Just wondering. Your mother should be here in a couple of hours. What about Robbie? We're making every effort to find him. Why were you so afraid to tell us what, in the end, you showed us? Mom always said it would be the end of us all if the world ever knew about him. You don't have to fear that now. - Dr. Magnus, it's Henry. - <i>Where are you?</i> I'm very close to Robbie Meyers. Henry said Robbie's been living down here all this time. I told you he'd be coming, didn't I? I've missed you so bad. It's okay. We can both go home now. Mom's waiting. This is yours? Come in. You haven't forgotten about today, have you? Oh, I didn't forget. I just kind of changed my mind. You don't want to go through with the operation? No, I don't. May I ask why? I'm not sure if there is any one reason. I thought about Edward, Robbie, what I might contribute if I gave the powers a chance. I guess I thought about some butterflies. I can't believe I just said that. Neither can I.