Mom! Mom! Mom! Kevin. ( Yelling ) ( KevinScreaming ) Mom! Ruby's gone! Ruby? Ruby? Ruby? Ruby? Ruby! Blevins: AgentMulder's latest302 requesting assignment and travel expenses for the both ofyou. Sioux City, lowa. That's the first l've heard ofit. lt came up through channels from Mulder's ASAC to the district G-1 4 and onto my desk. l don't understand. ln essence, Mulder is petitioning the bureau to assign a case number to a tabloid headline. He must have more evidence than... Not according to his 302. l admit, that is strange... even for Mulder. Perhaps it has something to do with this. Take a look. An X file? Has he shared any ofthis with you? There's no need to protect him. He's the agent ofrecord. He initiated the file himself. She was his sister. She disappeared 21 years ago. He was 1 2 and she was eight. He claims that he was in the room when it happened. He recalls a bright light outside the window and, uh... and a presence in the room. ln your opinion has Agent Mulder's personal agenda clouded his professional judgment? ln my opinion, no. Butyou can see how it might appear that way. As you know, Agent Mulder's preoccupation with fringe matters has been a big source offriction in the Bureau. This is another case in point. l'm going to disallow the 302. With respect, sir, at least let me talkwith him and make a recommendation. ltjust doesn't seem... substantial enough to warrant an investigation. Okay, Scully, so we disagree. lt's not the first time, and it won't be the last. At least ifwe had a legitimate source... This is the essence ofscience. You ask an impertinent question and you're on yourway to a pertinent answer. What makes this case any more credible than the hundred-year-old mother with the lizard baby? Because the lizard baby wasn't born anywhere near Lake Okobogee. - Oko-what? - Bogee. Okobogee. ls that supposed to mean something to me? lfyou know anything about trout fishing or U.F.O. hot spots. Define hot spot. Four sightings in 1 967, August including one by a National Weather Service plane. This is a light-blasted, digitally enhanced enlargement. The pilot took that photograph? Try a Girl Scout with an lnstamatic. Four ofthe nine girls in the troop claim to have seen something. Five, ifyou include the den mother. The air force said it was a weather balloon caught in a wind shear but there wasn't a weather balloon launched that day within 700 miles. Read me the names of those Girl Scouts from 1 967. Lisa Terrel, Bonnie Winston, Doreen Mccallister, Darlene Mor-- lt's the same Darlene Morris. Ms. Darlene Morris? l'm Agent Scully, and this is Agent Fox Mulder. We talked with you on the phone last night. Please, come in. Well, l knew that ifl screamed loud and long enough that someone would listen but l never expected the F.B.l. Uh, this is Kevin. Kevin, say hi. Would you like some coffee? Mmm. Some days, l can't even... get myselfup out ofbed and... Kevin has been acting so strange. l don't know what to do anymore. l just want her back again. Ms. Morris during the divorce, was there a custody battle? Charles had nothing to do with this. How can you be so sure? Because l know what happened. lt'sjust like it was before. Summer of 1 967? The Girl Scout troop? - How did you know? - Your name's on record at the Center For U.F.O. Studies in Evanston, lllinois. Really? Yeah, a pilot for the National Weather Service made a sighting over the same area on the same day. They took her, didn't they, Mr. Mulder? You said that Kevin was there the night it happened? He didn't see anything. He was asleep. Doyou think l might talk to him anyway? - Mmm. - Thanks. You know... l've told the story so many times now... Oh, to the newspapers and the police... And every time l tell it people get this look in their eye just like the look thatyou've got right now. Hey, buddy. You mind ifl sit down? Thanks. Your mom tells me you've been having nightmares. l guess so. - You want to tell me about them? - No. All right. What areyou doing? You making something? Can l take a look at it? Thanks. lt's coming from there. The TV? l don't know what it is. May be a binary sequence ofsome kind. Could be anything, could be nothing. l knowyou're busy. Look, l know a friend who knows a friend who knows a friend who can getyou a ticket to a Redskins game. You got it. All right. You know where to find me? Thanks, Danny. As l was telling your partner, we found no evidence ofkidnap. No phone call, no ransom note and since we didn't turn up a body... You assumed she ran away. Well, it wouldn't be the first time Ruby Morris ran away from home. How doyou explain what her mother saw? l think that Darlene has a very active imagination. l've been listening to those stories since the first grade. So, basically, you ignored her statement. l included it in my report. Butyou didn't bother to check it out. We went out to the campsite. We didn't find anything. Darlene's little girl was no prom queen. l can't count the number oftimes l pulled her out ofparked cars or found her puking her guts out by the side ofthe road. lt wasjust a matter oftime before... Before what? Before something bad happened to her and if Darlene needs to make up crazy stories to get past that, fine, but don't tell me to treat it as the truth. l'm not going to waste my time. l just think it's a good idea not to antagonize local law enforcement. Who? Me? l'm Mr. Congeniality. You never know. We might need his help one ofthese days. l'll send him a bundt cake. You're looking for Ruby, right? That's right. Who areyou? lt doesn't matter. Areyou a friend of Ruby's? Ruby didn't have friends. Shejust had people she liked to hang with. And she liked to hang out with you? l guess we had some times. Like the night she disappeared? lt was Greg. She was supposed to see him that night. Who's Greg? Her boyfriend, Greg Randall. Theywere supposed to meet up at the lake. They had stuffto talk about. What kind ofstuff? Greg got Ruby pregnant. l don't know, whatever, she got herselfpregnant. Doyou know what they were planning to do about it? Theywere going to leave town. At least, that's what Ruby told me. You know Greg from school? Greg? School? l don't think so. All he ever did since we met him was pour beer at the Pennsylvania Pub. Excuse me. - Doyou know where we could find Greg Randall? - Who's asking? What kind oftrouble's he got himselfinto now? Actually, we were hoping you could tell us. Greg called in sick three weeks ago, man. l haven't seen or heard from him since. Any ideas where he might have gone? No, but ifyou find him, tell him he's fired. This is the hotel we'll be staying at ifyou hear ofanything. That's a nice tattoo. What is that? What's it look like? A fying saucer. You don't really believe in that stuff, doyou? l take ityou don't? No, l think it's all just a bunch ofcrazy people howling at the moon. So, you haven't been out to Lake Okobogee, haveyou? No, l haven't. Why? You should ride with us sometime. You might see some things that will changeyour mind. Get a killer sunburn in the middle ofthe night. Where's Mulder? Where did you get the document? lfyou explain whatyou're talking about, maybe l can helpyou out. This is a document? just looks like a bunch ofones and zeroes to me. - Tell me whereyou got it. - Tell me what it is. Keep playing games l'll haul your ass up in front ofthe D-6. You can explain to them whatyou're doing obstructingjustice. lt's your call, Holtzman. Unless they tell me otherwise l'm not accountable to anybody outside my subcommittee. l don't care ifit's the N.S.A. or the Vatican Police. lt's a defense satellite transmission. You're kidding. just a fragment, but highly classified. We need to know where it came from. Well, sure, l'll letyou know as soon as l find out. That's it, Mulder. Youjust boughtyourself a one-way back to Washington. We got it. Great. What? You shouldn't have told them. They have nojurisdiction. Mulder, they're N.S.A. They think the boy may be a threat to national security. How can an eight-year-old boy who can barely multiply be a threat to national security? People call me paranoid. How did Kevin obtain top-secret information? Where doyou think he got it from? lt's okay, baby. Don't worry. - lt will be okay. - Agent: Come with me, son. Mom! lt will be all right, baby. You guys do really delicate work. - Let's get this to Cryptography. - Let's go. Thinkwe got what we needed. Thankyou. What is it? l'm not sure. We scanned all 77 pages through the mainframe. And none ofthe information is actionable. Other than the satellite transmission nothing can be construed as a security risk. The boy's being released this afternoon. So it wasjust a random set ofones and zeroes? On the contrary, there was nothing random about it. l don't understand. All information can be rendered digitally in a series ofones and zeroes. When we downloaded the data, we found an amazing range... Well, see foryourself. Da Vinci's UniversalMan. A DNA double helix. There's lots more. ( ClassicalMusic Playing ) - That's from the Brandenberg Concertos. - But they'rejust fragments. A few notes here and there some lines from the Koran, a Shakespearian sonnet... Almost like someone switching channels, huh? - Mrs. Morris... - l have nothing to say toyou. Mrs. Morris, please, give me a minute to explain. Would you pleasejust wait right over there for Mama? l'll be right there. l thoughtyou were both here to help us. Scully: This has been a terrible mistake and l assureyou that the government will pay for all damages. l don't wantyour money. l want my daughter back and l wantyou to leave us alone. Butyour son has seen something. You stay away from me, and you stay away from my child. Come on, honey. lt's okay. Let's go now. l thought we were headed back into town. Where are we going? The boy's the key, Scully. l know it. The key to what? Finding Ruby. Think about it for a minute. This is a boywho is receiving digitized data from a television screen. Agent Atsumi said it was a statistical aberration. - No. - Okay, l admit it's not much ofan explanation... Kevin is a conduit ofsome kind. A conduit. A link or a connection to whoever... orwhatever took Ruby that night. But how? lfthere was an abduction it's likely that Kevin was touched in some way. Mulder, l know whatyou're thinking. l know why this is so important toyou. l know. But there is no evidence indicating an abduction. That's whywe're going to Lake Okobogee. According to the police photos Ruby and Kevin were sleeping right here. just a stone's throw from the forest wall. Meaning what? Meaning anybody could have come out ofthe forest to grab her. Haveyou noticed the tree line? Evidence ofextreme heat. Or an electrical storm. Besides which, there's nothing to connect it to the night of Ruby's disappearance. That's true. Doyou think a lightning strike could have caused this? Doyou have any idea at what temperature sand solidifies into glass? 2,500 degrees fahrenheit. Something was out here, Scully-- something hot enough to turn sand into glass to singe those trees and to blister the roof ofthat camper. ( Whispering: ) Mulder... look. What is it? lt's a grave. Shallow, by the smell ofit. Mulder, what areyou doing? Mulder, you are disturbing a crime scene. Stop! What ifit's her? l need to know. You okay, Mulder? l'm fine. Looks like a male caucasian. Sir. Victim's name was Greg Randall. Ruby's boyfriend. Ruby had a lot ofboyfriends. Beforeyou put that away, can l look at it? Go right ahead. Look at that. That's her-- the girl from the library. Who? We didn't get her name, but she claimed Greg and Ruby had run offtogether. Doc Fowler's a buddy ofmine. Delivered both my kids. l can find out who had that appointment. Scully: Have a seat, Tessa. We know thatyou lied to us the other day. We know thatyou had the appointment with Dr. Fowler on August 7. We know thatyou're the one that's pregnant, not Ruby. You don't know nothing, doyou? We can prove it, Tessa and we can prove that Greg was the father. So what ifhe was the father? This is very serious. Doyou understand how serious this is? Now, you've waived the right to an attorney. So ifyou lie to us here today you could be charged with perjury. He promised me we'd be in L.A. by Christmas. He had a friend there. And l'd never seen the ocean. You said that he and Ruby were seeing each other. You said that theywere planning to meet at the lake. ls that true? l was nowhere near the lake that night, okay? Sureyou were, Tessa. You knew theywere meeting, soyou sat there and you waited for them. You were angry and you werejealous. - l wasn't. - You sat there and you waited. When they showed, you killed him first. lsn't that how it went? - No. - You snuck up from behind him and you shot him in the back. Bam! And then you killed Ruby. Bam! What was she doing right before she died, Tessa? Was she pleading for her life? Was she running away? - l didn't kill her! - Where's she buried? - l don't know! - You don't know where you buried her, Tessa? - l didn't kill her! - You didn't? She wasn't even there that night! Well, how would you know that, Tessa ifyou weren't thereyourself? Mulder, you're not seeing the whole picture. - Which is? - ln all likelihood, Ruby is dead. ls thatyour conclusion or the conclusion ofthe Sioux City Sheriffs Department? They're searching the national park and a rescue dive team is coming in from Des Moines to drag the lake. They're wasting their time. Doyou really thinkTessa Sears is telling the truth? Why not? What if Ruby never did show up that night? She lied to us in the library and about her pregnancy. What makes you think she wouldn't lie to us about killing Ruby? Because something was out there in those woods. We have a suspect in custody. We have a confession to one murder and we have a statement which speaks to the intent to commit another. lt's over, Mulder. lt's time to go home and turn this over to local law enforcement. l can't do that. - Mulder, where areyou going? - To talk to the boy. Darlene won't even letyou in the door. Well, l've got to see him. They don't want to have anything to do with us. Stop running afteryour sister. This won't bring her back. Come with me, or don't come with me but until they find a body, l'm not giving up on that girl. - ( Knocking ) - Hello? Mrs. Morris? Kevin? ( Teapot Whistling ) Mulder? What does it mean? l don't know. l'm going to check upstairs. Oh, my God. What is it? just come up here. Look. lt's her. lt's Ruby. This is a long shot. They could be anywhere. You know, when l was a kid l had this ritual. l'd close my eyes before l walked into my room because l thought that, one day, when l opened them my sisterwould be there just lying in bed, like nothing ever happened. You know, l'm still walking into that room... every day ofmy life. Scully! Darlene! Look. There's a trail head. ( WomanScreaming ) ( Panting ) - Areyou okay? - lt's here. - l saw it. - Where's Kevin? - l couldn't keep up with him. - Go ahead. Kevin! - Areyou okay? - She's back. Kevin, l'm sorry, but... She's here. l know it. Kevin, l don't think she is. l know how much you wanted it to be her. - l did too. - Scully: Mulder! Come on. Scully! Ruby! She's unconscious, but she's still alive. l'll get help. The nurse says she's been awake for almost an hour. Any ideas what caused the coma? There's no sign ofhead trauma. No narcotic traces, or electrolyte abnormalities except herwhite blood cell count was sky-high. Was there a reduction in the lymphocyte population or release ofglucocorticoids? Um... Actually, both. How did you know that? They're symptoms ofprolonged weightlessness. Shuttle astronauts have reported similar imbalances. Hi, Ruby. Who areyou? We're with the F.B.l. l'm Special Agent Dana Scully, and this is Fox Mulder. My mom said you might be coming by. How areyou feeling? ( Sighing ) Fine, l guess. Where were you, Ruby? Can you tell us? Kevin: lt's okay, Ruby. He knows. l'm not supposed to tell. They told me not to say. Who told you? Ruby, who told you? Darlene: Sweetheart, you don't have to say anything. You're right. We should wait till Ruby gets a little stronger. Could we speak outside for a moment? l think that it's best that we put all ofthis behind us. Hasn't Ruby been through enough already? l know how disoriented she must seem right now but in a couple ofweeks, maybe even a few days... l don't want her talking toyou or anyone. She should be encouraged to tell her story. lt's important thatyou let her. lmportant to who? l have my daughter back. l don't want any more trouble. Besides, she hardly remembers anything. She will remember one day, even ifit's only in dreams. And when she does, she's going to need to talk about it. Like l did? Listen to me. All ofmy life l have been ridiculed for speaking my mind. But it was the truth, Darlene. The truth has caused me nothing but heartache. l don't want the same thing for her. lt doesn't have to be that way for Ruby. As far as l'm concerned she spent the last month on the back ofa Harley-Davidson. ls that whatyou're going to tell Kevin? l'm sorry. Werber: Butyour eyes are open? Mulder: Yeah, they're open. But it's like nothing's happening. Try turning your head. l can't. Why not? l don't know. l can't move. So l don't. l just lie there in bed. Can you seeyour sister? No, but l can hear her. What is she saying? She's calling my name over and over again. She's crying out for help but l can't help her. l can't move. Areyou scared? l know l should be, but l'm not. Doyou know why? Because ofthe voice. - The voice? - The voice in my head. What's it telling you? Not to be afraid. lt's telling me that no harm will come to her and that, one day, she'll return.