Areyou all right? Doyou want some water? No. l'm fine. Oh, honey, it's been a couple ofweeks now. Doyou want to talk? No. Really,Jane, l'm okay. l just haven't known a lot ofpeople who have died, you know. l've never known anybody that killed themselves. Maybe once everything gets packed away it will get easier. There won't be the constant reminder. Here's your paycheck. Come on. Go home. Okay. [ electronicbeeping ] [ screaming ] Oh, please! Oh, please! l have no money! [ screaming ] Please, l have no money! Let me go! [ screaming ] Food. [ coughs ] l think l'll pass. Hey, l know a good place to crash. Up the fire escape Through that window. Come on. l'll giveyou a boost. Pull it down. l can't get it down. Come on, pull. Come on! Come on! Agent Scully, Agent Mulder Chief Blevins assures us ofyour cooperation. We regret any inconvenience at this extreme hour. We hopeyour expertise in extraordinary phenomenon will help us answer some questions. You're not F.B.l., areyou? Haveyou ever analyzed anything like this before? Abnormal postmortem muscle refex. Both corpses are still responding to exposure to high levels ofelectrostatic charge. Any external lesions or surface burns? None. Time ofdeath? Well, it can't be long. The body's still warm. Somatic death occurred sometime over six hours ago but their body temperatures haveyet to drop below 98.3. Where did you find them? Look, at least tell us the time and mode oftransport. That might help us determine why the bodies haven't cooled. You guys called us down here. You want some answers you got to give some. They traveled 60 minutes by air. Thankyou. The most troubling aspect ofthe deaths is the throat area. Larynx, esophagus, and hyoid bone-- all have been crushed like chalk. No abrasions, or evidence oftissue damage. lt's as iftheir throats were crushed from the inside. Who are these guys? Scully: lfyou've done your examinations why areyou consulting us? Working on the X-Files haveyou seen anything like this? No, never. Well, thankyou very much foryour time Agent Mulder, Scully. lfany inquiry as to this meeting be made we request full denial. l'd sayyou people already suffer from full denial. You lied. You have seen it before. l can tell. You lied to them. l would never lie. l willfully participated in a campaign ofmisinformation. Who doyou think theywere? N.S.A., C.l.A., some covert organization that Congress will uncover in the next scandal. lt's not important who they are but what they have. l'm sure they have no idea, because they called us in. l have X-Files-- each case has an element ofwhat we saw tonight. Residual electrostatic charge, internal mutilation-- none has the elements combined in one case. How can an esophagus be crushed without the neck being touched? Psychokinetic manipulation. Psychokinesis? You mean how Carrie got even at the prom? The Russians were doing studies on it. The Chinese still are. Their findings are kept secret. Okay, l'm intrigued but how can we investigate? We have nothing to go on. just getting in, Lauren? Oh! Mr. Graves used to letyou get awaywith that but Mr. Dorlund is in charge now. l was wondering ifl could have a minute with him? Tomorrow... at 3:00. [ sighs ] Oh! Oh! ls everything all right out here? Can l speakwith you? Please. Um, l'm here to give my two-week notice. Uh-huh... Lauren,Jane told me aboutyou crying in Howard's office and l wantyou to know you're not alone. As a matter offact, we share something special. Howard and l started this company ten years ago. As long as l knew him he had no interest in anything besides work. So, some ofus became family. l was his brother. You were like a daughter. So, ofcourse l feel very close toyou and l... l want to take care ofmy family. Stay, Lauren, please. The company needs you. Especially now. l won't letyou leave, Lauren. What's wrong? [ gaspingandgrunting ] l, uh... l can't. l have to leave. l can't be here anymore. You've got two weeks. Mohammed Amrahlabi. "Convictions: lllegal possession offirearms illegal possession ofexplosives falsification ofexport licenses." He has ties to an extremist group in the U.S.-- the lsfahan named after the city in lran. They're working out of Philadelphia. That's 60 air minutes. l'll talk to the Philly P.D. Officer: This is where we found him. Who discovered their bodies? Nobody. lt was about 1 0:00; l was on patrol. just saw them hanging around. No witnesses? The kind ofpeople who come around here after business hours don't witness very much. You know what l'm saying. We'll just question everyone on record who was at the machine before 1 0:00 that night. There. l'll back up. Lauren Kyte. 858 Franklin, Bensalem. Whywould the lsfahan be robbing someone of40 bucks at an ATM machine? Look at that. Maybe it's another person. Maybe. Maybe not. Well, the resolution's too poor. lt won't help much to enhance it. That leaves us only one person we know we can talk to. Oh, come on. [ knockingatdoor ] [ knocking ] Hello? Ms. Lauren Kyte, please. l'm agent Fox Mulder. This is Agent Dana Scully. We're with the Federal Bureau oflnvestigation. Maywe come in? l was in the middle... We won't be long. Thankyou. Haveyou ever seen either ofthese two men before? No. Takeyour time. l'm sorry. l've never seen them before. l'm afraid you have. Can you tell us what happened that night? Um... These guys, l... l was depositing my paycheck. They grabbed me, l got away, l ran. l just didn't want to file a report. Theywere found dead. Haveyou ever seen this person before? No. l'm sorry. l can't tell you. Does that mean you know? Uh... lt means l... l can't tell you who it is. Well, when you can tell me this is the number l can be reached at any time, okay? Mm-hmm. A woman her size breaking free and outrunning those men? Then somehow crushing their necks? Scully: She knows who the other person in the photo is. She's packing, running away, but from what? [ tiressquealing ] What's happening? What the hell's going on? Mulder: Hang on! Areyou okay? Yeah. Hi. Hi. The paramedics checkyou out? Yeah. l'm fine, although l do have a standing-in-line- at-the-DMV-sized headache. Mine's more l.R.S.-sized. Did they check out the car? lt's brand-new. only 1 00 miles. Then someone tampered with it while we were in her house. The mechanic says everything's in proper order. Nothing cut, nothing greased. Check out the lights. They're on. No. The filaments are heated due to massive levels ofelectrostatic charge just like the bodies in the morgue. And isn't it interesting that Lauren Kyte was present at both incidents? She was in our presence the entire time. What ifit's possible to raise the body's electrostatic charge to the levels we've been seeing and use that energy to affect objects? lfa person generated that much energy their body would break down. They'd glow like those lights. There's evidence ofthis in the X-Files-- furniture moving untouched objects levitating unexplained electrical discharges. Frequently, people who have psychokinetic power are unaware oftheir own capability. Areyou saying Lauren Kyte crashed our car? Either that... or a poltergeist. They're here. They may be. Mulder, look at the tangible evidence. Two mideast extremists were killed trying to assault a woman working for a manufacturer ofparts for the Defense Department. When we questioned her, our carwas sabotaged. ln both cases, someone else may have committed those acts-- Maybe the same someone from the ATM photos. The mystery isn't psychokinetic energy. lt's her accomplice. Excuse me. She's clean. No arrest, not even a traffic ticket. The only thing is she's in deep with her credit card company-- 1 5,000. What doyou think you're doing? Man: l'm going to put that on here. No, no. l'll take care ofthis, all right? Here. l'll talk to somebody. Mulder: A little upset over losing a parking space wouldn'tyou say? Who is Howard Graves, anyway? She was his secretary. That's three people dead in the last month associated with Lauren Kyte. You won't find too many people at their boss' grave who aren't dancing on it. Look at this one. [ watersplashing ] Excuse me, sir? ls there an office where l can get some information on those people? Who? l attend every funeral. l'm the last person to see them put to rest. Doyou know how Sarah Lynn was related to Howard Graves? His daughter. Theywere at home one day and he didn't latch the pool gate. She drowned. His wife left him a year later. She's buried in a plot in the northeast corner. Thankyou, sir. You're welcome. She was only threeyears old. lfshe had lived, she'd be Lauren's age. Furtherinvestigation into Lauren Kyte's personalhistory... revealsan estrangement from herfamily. Phonerecords confiirm no contact withherparents forthelast twoyears. Heractions, observedduringsurveillance, indicateastrong relationship between Lauren Kyte... andheremployer, thelate Howard Graves. Was this relationship somehowthemotivation forhissuicide? Howare theattack andsubsequentmurders ofthe Isfahanagents related, ifatall? Iam certain theanswers to these questions... lie in fiinding theidentity ofLauren Kyte'saccomplice. Enhance it by ten. That's Howard Graves. He's alive. Not necessarily. [ hissing ] [ stairs creaking ] [ muffledvoice ] Man:Don'tdo this tome. Howard. Howard:No. Stop. No, no! Please, no! [ moaning ] [ sobbing ] [ panickedgasping ] Lauren:Howard. Theykilledhim. l think Howard Graves fabricated his own death. Doyou know how difficult it is to fakeyour own death? Only one man has pulled it off-- Elvis. He and Lauren Kyte are in on something. Maybe an illegal dealing through his company-- something the C.l.A. was interested in. You may be right. Wait. You think l'm right? Sure. All you got to do is prove Howard Graves is still alive. Howard Graves is very dead. Maywe see the autopsy report, please? Knockyourselfout. Uh... "Cause ofdeath, arterial hemorrhage..." Bledsoe: Four out ofsix liters ofblood down the tub. Well, there seems to be some blood work missing here. We only do that ifwe suspect homicide. l don't supposeyou ran any dental confirmations? What for? lt was him. How did you know? lt said so on the toe tag. Who made positive l.D. on the body? Um... Lauren Kyte. Mulder: But he was cremated. There's no way to run a dental check or get a DNA sample. Yes, there is. His body's tissues and organs were donated. Man: Howard Graves is in five different people. They harvested the organs immediately after death. His kidneys were sent to Boston his liver to Dallas and his corneas to Portland, Oregon. They've all been transplanted. Because ofhis age we could only cryopreserve the dura matter in the membrane ofthe spinal column. We have Mr. Graves' hospital records. We'll extract a sample, run a test and in a couple ofhours confirm the identity ofthe donor. l, uh, made them rush soyou could haveyour check beforeyou leave. Oh. l'm going to miss you. Oh. Oh, what? Here. Good-bye. [ doorcloses ] You were going to leave without saying good-bye? Well, uh, l came to say good-bye and to wish you luck... and to leaveyou with this little thought. l know Howard told you and ifit ever gets out l won't waste my time trying to pin the source. l'll go straight toyou. And you'll do to me whatyou did to Howard? l knowyou had him killed. Whywould you say that? He told me. [ telephoneringing ] Mulder. How soon can you be at my house? Why? Please hurry. The tests are conclusive. The dura matter does belong to Howard Graves. He is, indeed, very dead. [ knocking ] just a second. [ screaming ] Go run the bath. Get out ofhere! No! No! [ screaming ] No. No! [ choking ] No! [ Laurenscreaming: ] No!No! [ mangasping ] [ Lauren crying ] You know, you're not under arrest. You'rejust here for questioning. The sooner you talk to us the sooner you get to go home. What happened to those people tonight? Doyou have any idea who they might be? Why did they attackyou? Doyou know who this is? Scully, Mulder. He'll keep an eye on her. Come on. Now. You've seriously compromised our investigation. We were following leads pertaining to an X-File. l want to know every detail ofyour activities concerning this case. You're the ones who have been withholding information. Why don'tyou tell us whatyou've got? Then we have nothing more to talk about. Wait! We believe H.T.G. lndustrial Technologies sold restricted parts to the lsfahan. Serial numbers were recovered in the wreckage ofthe bombing ofa navy transport van. How is Lauren Kyte involved? Your actions impeded our investigation. We don't have enough evidence to hold her. lfshe doesn't talk, she goes free and we lose our chance to break this company. l could make her talk. My advice toyou: don't get rough with her. That was a waste oftime. Your turn. Lauren... l won't talk toyou either. Okay. Then you're free to go. l can't go back to that house. Why? Because of Howard Graves? He's dead. l know. He's watching overyou, isn't he? Lauren: l don't know ifyou've ever been a secretary before. Sometimes your boss can talk as ifyou weren't even in the room which can hurt, you know. Sometimes you're all he has to talk to which is how it always was with me and Howard. One night, late, l went into his office. He was crying, more scared than sad. The Pentagon contracts were being canceled. The companywas going under. He felt personally responsible for each ofhis employees. Seeing and feeling their fear every day reallywore him down. Then this one time, Dorlund came with that group-- that mideast group-- lsfahan. They'd buy parts at an outrageous price-- notjust once-- for as long as they could get awaywith it. That night Howard was crying, he hadjust found out that lsfahan had claimed responsibility for killing a couple sailors in Florida. He was never the same and l thought that's why he killed himself... but he didn't. l saw... Howard showed me how Dorlund had him killed. Made it look like a suicide, 'cause he could see Howard was going to put an end to the deal. So now Howard is protecting you? lt sounds so ridiculous. Butyou believe it? He was closer to me than my father. l told him that. l still feel his presence. Sometimes... l even smell his after-shave. lfyoujust could have... seen the things l've seen. l just want all that to go away. That's why l'm leaving. Maybe he can move on. That's not enough. You have been given the chance to tell him again. Take it. Tell him you love him by showing him... by... by helping us finish his unfinished business. Lauren, how will you ever be able to rest ifhe never can? Okay. l'm a mess. l'm going to, uh... wash up. What areyou doing, Scully? You don't believe. Mulder, there's no such things as ghosts or psychokinesis. l'm sure there's an explanation, but l believe that she believes and my priority is to get her to help us stop Dorlund. Well, we may havejust sacrificed our best opportunity to observe spectral phenomena. No, l'm giving us the chance to solve a case that's tangible instead ofchasing after shadows. [ dooropensandshuts ] Areyou ready? All right, everyone we have a warrant to search the premises for evidence pertaining to the sale ofrestricted manufactured parts. The evidence may be in the form offalsified export licenses, parts manifests, communiques. lt could be on computer disk or hard copy. Once there, ifin doubt, ask. We need this to be clean. This is the culmination ofa yearlong investigation. lfwe don't come out ofthere todaywith something proving a connection to the lsfahan this guy could walk. Okay, let's go. You okay? lt will most likely be in Dorlund's office. We'll execute the search, but we'll need you to guide us soyou have to be strong, okay? Scully: Everybody stay calm. Federal Bureau oflnvestigation. Ma'am, could you back away from those files, please? This is all we could find. We don't have him. He's not even breaking a sweat. Webster: Our case is blown. We've wasted a year. This guy's going to walk. Let's get out ofhere. Mulder: Lauren, it's over. we have to go. What we're looking for isn't here. Dorlund: She's no agent. l've been more than cooperative. She has no right to destroy my personal property. What about that van that blew up and killed those servicemen? l don't know whatyou're talking about you stupid bitch! Lauren, no! Lauren: Don't kill him! Help us find it! [ lights explode ] Mulder! Oh, my god. Mulder: l guess what we're looking for is here. The U.S. Attorney's Office is going after Dorlund with everything they've got including the murder of Howard Graves. l'll come back to testify. Whereyou going? Away from here. [ enginestarting ] Thanks. Boy, she's in a rush to get out ofhere. Out ofhere, or away from the ghost of Howard Graves? Hey, Scully, doyou believe in an afterlife? l'd settle for a life in this one. You ever seen the Liberty Bell? Yes. l've been to Philadelphia 1 00 times and l've never seen it. You're not missing much. lt's a big bell with a big crack and you have to wait in a long line. I'dreallylike togo. Whynow? Idon'tknow. Howlate doyou think theystay open? Miss Kyte, l asked for this 25 minutes ago. l know. l'm sorry. Maybe that's the way theywork back East but here in the Midwest, punctuality is a virtue. We really have to find a new office space.