we are. We're not... who we are. lt goes no further than this. lt stops right here... right now. (Gunshots) Team captainJohn Richterhere. It'sbeena couple offrustratingmonths butafteragreatdeal ofstick-with-it-ness we'reproudtoreport thatas ofahalfanhourago wesurpassedtheprevious record fordrilling down intoanicesheet. All:Allright! Mulder: This team ofscientists made up the Arctic lce Core Project. Theywere sent to Alaska by the government's advanced research project agency nearly a year ago to drill into the arctic ice. The samples they removed contained trapped gases, dust, chemicals-- Evidence that could reveal the structure ofthe Earth's climate back to the dawn ofman. Theirworkwas a success, nearly completed. No reports or indications ofproblems ofany kind until only a week later this next transmission was received. We'renot... who... weare. We'renot... who weare. Itgoesno furtherthan this. Itstops... righthere... rightnow. (Groan) What happened up there? Nobody's been able to reach the compound because ofbad weather. Obviously they think we're either brilliant or expendable because we've pulled the assignment. ls it severe isolation distress? These were top geophysicists. Theywere trained and screened for this project in everyway imaginable, including psychological makeup. We leave for Nome today. We'll meet up with three scientists familiarwith the project and then head north up to the lcy Cape. The National Weather Service reports a three-daywindow to get in and get out before the next arctic storm. Bring your mittens. Radio:Fouts looks over the Raiders'defense. Here's thesnap. Raidersblitz. Fouts dumpsitacross themiddle to Winslow. He'sat the 15! 10! Touchdown San Diego! Touchdown! Fouts is God! Sorry. My team scored. There's no football on Wednesday. Fouts retired in '87, didn't he? This is some ofmy all-time favorite plays on tape. You two F.B.l.? Agent Mulder, Agent Scully. And you? Danny Murphy. Professor ofgeology, U.C. San Diego. You get much ofa chance to study ice down there? just what's around the keg. Dr. DaSilva? Dr. Hodge? Agent Scully, Agent Mulder. Nice to meetyou. Howyou doing? Can l see some identification? What for? l just want to make sure we are who we saywe are. lt's me. lt's you. lt's me. lt's you. - lt's me. - Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. lt's you. Well, now that we know who we are anybody care to take a guess as to whywe're going? Two agents, a geologist, a medical doctor and a toxicologist. That should give us some idea. l assumeyou all took a look at the tape. Something wrong? Come on. You're F.B.l. You have to know more than we do. You folks the ones going up to lcy Cape? Yeah. Then l'm fying you. My name is Bear. The plane's across the way. Provisions are loaded. Grabyour gear. Oh, could we see some credentials? Credentials. The only credentials l have is that l'm the only pilot willing to fyyou up there. is that l'm the only pilot willing to fyyou up there. You don't like those credentials... walk. Bear... see ifyou can get the power started. Anything to get out ofhere. Where do we start? Body bags are on the plane. Before we touch anything we have to thoroughly document the scene. Scully: Flashing. Mulder: That's what theywere drilling for. Quarter ofa million years melting away in a couple ofdays. l want to preserve some samples. (Rumbling) lt's the generator. Oh. Agent Mulder... (Screaming) (Barking) Hold on. (Groans) Hold it down. That will keep him out for awhile. You okay? Yeah, he didn't break the skin. Bear, you okay? He got me. Get thatjacket off. Give me the stuff. l'll do it myself. DaSilva: ls it rabies? l don't see any indications. lfit is rabies it's certainly not a strain l'm familiarwith. Scully: Look at this. Black nodules. Swollen lymph nodes. Symptoms ofbubonic plague. l'll do a blood test. We'll take it from there. This dog has got a skin irritation on its neck. Murphy: lt looks like it's been scratching off its own hair. Look at this. Look at this! What the hell was that? (Groans) From the autopsies it's clear these men killed one another. There are contusions around the throat areas ofthree men-- evidence ofstrangulation. Richter and Campbell killed themselves. l also found tissue damage due to fever. Did any ofthem have the black spots the dog has? No. None ofthem had the black nodules. So, uh, those spots didn't have anything to do with those guys killing each other, right? l wouldn't rule it out. l just reexamined the dog. The nodules are gone. What could that mean? lt could mean that the spots are a symptom ofsome disease at an early stage. Danny? Danny. Danny. Sorry. The play-offgame against Miami, '82. Helps to get my mind offstuff. My interpretation of satellite remote sensing photos is a little rusty. Murphy: All right, this is the lcy Cape area. lt approximates the depth ofthe ice sheet to be about 3,000 meters thick. l also found this data and ifl'm reading it correctly the team actually found the ice sheet to be twice that depth. That's very good. The numbers indicate the topography to be concave. Looks like theywere drilling inside a meteor crater. Hodge: No, you're wrong. l analyzed two samples. What did you find? There's a presence ofammonium hydroxide in Richter's blood sample. lt's not possible. Ammonia would vaporize at human body temperature. l checked all the air filtration systems. l found no evidence ofany such toxins. l have. ln the ice, and that's not all there is. l found a high ratio ofammonia to water in the ice core. The earth's atmosphere could never have produced such levels even a quarter ofa million years ago. Look in the scope. Unless a foreign object was introduced into that environment. Murphy: Tell me that's not a foreign object. Scully. That same thing is in Richter's blood. What ifthat single-celled organism is the larval stage ofa larger animal? That's kind ofa leap, don'tyou think? Scully: The evidence is there. Maybe the organism in the ice core somehow got into the men. Come on. Nothing can survive in sub-zero temperatures for a quarter million years. Mulder: Unless that's how it lives. Why areyou squabbling over some bug? You said ityourself, Scully. Your autopsy found those men killed each other. That's it. Let'sjust get the hell out ofhere. l agree. We'll send the bodies to a facility where they can make a definitive diagnosis. ln the event that something was missed, Agent Scully. lfthose bodies are infected we can't take them back. We can't go back without proper quarantine procedures. We can't risk bringing back the next plague. Let's say they came down with something. We haven't, and l ain't waiting around until we do. l think it's safe to go back. There's no reason whywe'd be infected. We took the necessary safeguards. The dog did bite Bear. ltjumped Mulder! There's only one way to proceed. A doctor eliminates every possibility. We must determine ifany ofus is infected. All right. Parasitic diagnostic procedure requires that each ofus provide a blood and a stool sample. A stool sample? This kind oftravel always makes that tough... for me. Mulder: Anybody got the morning sports section handy? l ain't dropping my cargo for no one. What l'm doing is getting my gear, my plane and fying the hell out ofhere. You can't go. The dog bityou. l got hired to fyyou up here and fyyou back. No one said this might be part ofthe deal. So the deal is over. Scully: We can't let him leave without being checked. Scully: We can't let him leave without being checked. Who's going to stop him? We have to. We can't risk infecting the population. lfhe gets on that plane, l will too. There's no time to argue. Take a vote. Who believes we should confine Bear until he agrees to an examination? All right. Bear, wejust want to checkyou out. lfwe don't find any trace ofthe parasite or the virus we'll all go. All right. Give me the damnjar. Murphy, get a rope. (Bear Grunting) (Groaning) Oh, my God! (Groaning) Oh! Get my bag. What areyou gonna do? Cutting it out. We know nothing about it. lt's killing him. Scully, help me hold the skin. Hold still, Bear. (Screaming) Forceps. (Moaning) Hodge: Hold still, Bear. just another second. You're going to be okay. (Groaning) (Agonized Moaning) This is the A.l.C.P. investigative team calling Doolittle Airfield. Come in. D.A.F. responding. This is Agent Mulder. We have a serious biological hazard. Request air pickup and quarantine procedures. Come in, Doolittle Airfield. We copy. Thisareais underaheavystorm. Noaircraftcangetout forthenextday. Maybe themilitarybasein Kotzebue cansetupa quarantine. Adviseimmediate evacuation. Thestorm isbearing inyour direction. We were told we'd have three clear days ofweather. Welcome to the top ofthe world, sir. ls Bear in any condition to fy? lfwe don't get out ofhere in an hour we don't get out for days. He's dead. Hodge: lt's similar to a tapeworm in that it has a scolex with suckers and hooks. You can deal with it? What? No. Very different from any organism-- at least that l know of. Haveyou figured out how it's transmitted yet? Exchange offuids, touch, air, all ofthe above? l don't know. All the other dead bodies had the creature. This is the only one that's still alive. Were they all in the spine? No. lt appears theywere in the hypothalamus gland deep in the brain. Murphy: Hypothalamus. What was that again? lt's a gland that secretes hormones although l don't know why a parasite would want to attach to it. Hypothalamus releases acetylcholine which is what produces violent, aggressive behavior. That might be a connection. Everybody that's been infected certainly seems to act aggressively. Maybe the worm feeds on acetylcholine which foods our capacity to control violent behavior. A parasite shouldn't want to kill its host. lt doesn't kill you until it's extracted. Then it releases a poison. You're saying it's possible the worm makes you want to kill other people which is maybe what happened to the first team. Orwhat could happen to us. lt'sjust a theory. We don't have definite proof. Except five dead men. lfthe worm makes people violently aggressive then why did Richter and Campbell kill themselves? Maybe they did it to save us. l'm just, uh... double-checking. Making sure l didn't miss anything. just some sleep, right? Sleep. l'm so tired, l can't sleep. We're all wired and hypersensitive. lt will be good to get a fresh start in the morning. l don't want to waste a second finding a way to kill this thing. l don't know ifwe should kill it. This area ofthe ice sheet is formed over a meteor crater. The worm lives in ammonia. lt survives sub-zero temperatures. Theorists in alternative life designs believe in ammonia-supported life systems on planets with freezing... No. The meteor that crashed here may have carried that type oflife to earth. Mulder, that pilot developed surface symptoms within a few minutes. Within a few hours that parasite had total control. What would happen ifthis got into the population? A city the size of New York could be infected within a few days. Exactly. But what do we know about it? This organism might be lying dormant in another crater. lfwe don't kill it now, we run the risk ofbecoming Richter and Campbell with guns to our heads. lfwe kill it, we won't know how to stop anything like it in the future. Scully: Future! (lndistinct Arguing) Tell me it's hot in here. Don't worry. You don't have a fever. Heating system's malfunctioning. Outside, it's 40 below, and in here it's sweltering. Can you hear what they're arguing about? They're probably discussing their little government secrets. You think they knew what was here before we arrived? l'm sure ofit. Scully: ...biological hazard. You know, Bear's infected blood did get on Scully. lt also got on you. How doyou know it can't be contained? lt can! By extermination. We should take those bodies-- worms and all-- outside and incinerate them. Something going on we should know about? Agent Scully, you all right? Yes, l'm fine. lt's nothing. You seem a little stressed out. What the hell areyou saying? Let's all settle down. lt's been a hard day. We're all tired and scared. Let's not turn on one another. At least not without a good reason. Mulder: We should all get some sleep. You kidding? You think any ofus could sleep right now? Guys, let's face it-- we got to check for spots. Any person or persons who has them should be confined. Are we agreed on that? Areyou going to do the exams? No. We do them in front ofeach other. No secrets. Before anyone passesjudgement, may l remind you we are in the arctic. Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite. DaSilva: Yeah. Good night. Good night, Mulder. Good night, Scully. At least everyone's okay. Don't forget. The spots on the dog went away. Ballon the three-yardline. Fourthandgoal with only 15seconds leftin thegame. Hemoves overtheball. Here's thesnap. Hegoes over... (Gasps) (Door Closes) (Barking) (Dripping) Mulder, what areyou doing? Murphy's dead. You killed him. l found him like this. l heard one ofthe doors close. l came out to check it out. lt was one ofyou. You could have done it and not known. He said he didn't. l have no symptoms. You checked him. Six hours ago. lt was one ofyou. Stop it! Shut up! Put the gun down and let Hodge giveyou a blood test. He'll doctor the results. l won't let him stick a needle in me. He has to be confined now. Turn around and let us take a look atyour neck. l'm not turning my back on anyone. As far as l'm concerned, you're all infected! Hodge is right. We ought to lock him up. Mulder... Scully, get that gun offme. You have to understand. Put it down! You first! Scully! For God's sakes, it's me. Mulder, you may not be whoyou are. ln here l'll be safer than you. (Gasping) What wereyou doing? You know what l was doing. l can't help thinking, Agent Scully you're the only one with a gun. lfyou get infected, we don't stand a chance, do we? Okay. Was there something there? Hodge: You're okay, Nancy. We're all okay. Now is not the time for the three ofus to break down and turn on each other. There's four ofus. Mulder isn't one ofus. lf Mulder is infected, it's not his fault. We can't turn our backs on him now. He needs us to help him. She's right. Who knows what prolonged exposure to the parasite could do? lt could damage him to the point ofpermanent psychosis. lfhe is infected, he doesn't go back. l won't risk the possibilities. This is A.l.C.P. calling Doolittle Airfield. Please come in. (Static) This is the Arctic lce Corps Project sending a general distress call. Please respond. (Static) Nancy, put a drop ofthe uninfected blood on the slide ofthe blood drawn from the pilot. Run that by me again. Put the uninfected blood on the infected blood. No! Damn it! What did l just tell you? You infected already infected blood. We have to start over again. l made a mistake. Don'tyell at me. Wasted hours ofwork. Maybeyou should do it byyourself!. Damn it! l'm notyour assistant! Hodge. What? Come take a look at this. The larvae from two different worms killed each other. An individual worm will not tolerate another invading its host. lt does to the invader what it did to humans. lt makes them kill. Hodge: But the species needs another to procreate. Worms are hermaphroditic. lt can reproduce itself. Look at the evidence in the microscope. This thing does not like company. What areyou saying? The way to kill it is to introduce anotherworm into an already infected body? (Whining) lt sounds okay. lt passed the worms in its stool. They're dead. l want to talk to him first. Try and make this voluntary. What? You can't go in alone. lfanything happens, you come inside. l can't do this to him until l'm sure. (Door Opening) lt'sjustyou? Yes. lt's one ofthem. No one's been killed sinceyou've been in here. So? We found a way to kill it. Two worms in one host will kill each other. You give me one worm, you'll infect me. lfthat's true then why didn'tyou let us inspectyou? l would have, butyou pulled a gun on me. Now l don't trust them. l want to trustyou. Okay. But now they're not here. This is the last one. She's not going to let us give it to him. Well, she'll have to ifhe's infected. He'll convince her somehow. l just examined him. He's uninfected. So is she. Which means that it must be one ofyou. All right. Let's go over to the main building. l'd like to check him myself. Then he can examine both ofus. You want to lead the way? No! Get the worm. Don't! Oh, my God. (Screaming) lt's her! No! No! Scully! lt's DaSilva. (Screaming Hysterically) DaSilva: No! Hodge! Now! Mulder. After this, there won't be any left. They're all going to be dead! Do it! (DaSilva Screaming) No! Shh, shh. No! Shh, shh. Shh, shh. (Moaning) lt's all right. lt's all over. lt all stops right here. Right now. Okay, lock her down. She's being put in quarantine along with the dog. We'll keep her there until we're sure she won't infect the rest ofthe population. Our tests came back normal, so we've been released. Plane ready. lt will takeyou as far from the ice as you want to go. l'm going back to the site. This time l'm going fully prepared with proper equipment. There's a lot ofresearch to be done on the genetic structure on its origins... Mulder, don'tyou know? Know what? 45 minutes after they evacuated us they torched the place. There's nothing left. Who did that? The military... the Center for Disease Control... you ought to know. They'reyour people. lt's still there, Scully.