-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> DEXTER Season 01 Episode 11</font> Previously on "dexter"... so if you or that skinny bitch try to screw with what's mine, I swear to god,I don't carewho I have to hurt. Let's face it,paul. You've got a problem. It's time for you to go away. It's paul. He violated florida'sthree-strikes law. The cops picked him uptotally strung out on heroin. He's back in jail. Holy shit!They're fucking fingertips. He started getting all roughwith me until he saw this. Then what? Then he changed his tune,got all turned on. Told meto take my fake hand off. He takes all my nail polish and paints each naila different color. Menthol?Like cough drops. I could hear them clickingagainst his teeth when he... son of a bitch lovedthose fucking lozenges. I was confusedbecause I love you. What did you say? I love you. I love you,too. What?What happened to your lip? Aah! No,it's -- I had an incidentwith a tool at the workshop. Ohh! I need an ambulanceat 1228 calendar street. A guy's been stabbed. TRUTH BE TOLD I've never had much use for the concept of hell, but if hell exists,I'm in it. The same images running through my head over and over. I was there. I saw my mother's death. A buried memory, forgotten all these years. It climbed inside me that day. And it's been with me ever since -- my dark passenger. You should befocusing on me,socio. You should be focusing on me,socio. Seriously want to get the motherfucker that did this to batista. Hey. You all right? Yeah. I'm okay. I'm just,you know, distraught about angel. How's he doing? Do we know? Still in surgery. Laguerta's there. God,I hate feeling so helpless. What,no jokes about providinggross sexual comfort in a time of crisis? Our friend was stabbed... and he might die. Officer morgan. What do you think,dex? He put up a fight.There was a struggle. Attaboy,angel. Here,this trail --steady stream of drops. He had a few seconds.Tried to move away until -- till he fell. So much blood. What's happening to me? no way. You're the oneI'm supposed to meet. In the flesh. You know,I was just talkingto someone about you. That tickles. Don't stop. I wouldn't dreamof stopping. You're so differentthis time -- gentle. I thought you were gonnatry and get all pervy with my stump again. Actually,your...imperfection is what saved youthe first time. Saved me from what? True artistry. The message of my workis not in the product itself, but ratherthe presentation. That wrinkled fleshon your radial carpal joint is far from perfect. It's quite unsightly,actually. Hey,you don't have to bean asshole about it. Hey,hey,no,no,no,no,no. Shh,shh,shh,shh,shh,sh I'm sorry.I didn't mean to offend. Truthfully... I'm thankful for you. You're my escape plan. Escape from what? The police. Because of you,I've hadto speed up my project. I need somethingto distract them by. And I always founda freshly chopped-up body always does the trick. Wait,wait! No! Don't struggle.That never helps. I'm compressingyour carotid artery, and that is cutting offoxygen to your brain. In about 10 seconds,you'll be unconscious. Hey,it's rudy. Leave a message. Okay,I guess you went to bed. Or you fell asleep on the couchwatching "xena" reruns, which I still thinkmakes you a dork. Either way,call me when you get this,okay? Miss you. He's still in surgery, but I don't knowwhen we'll hear anything. So I guess you won't becoming over tonight. No.I mean,I can'T. I understand. You need to be therefor your friend. I haven't told the kids yet. Told them about angel? No,about paul...being back in prison? I hatebreaking their hearts. They think so muchof their dad now,and -- right. You know what? Focus on angel.We can talk about this later. Thanks. They're actually coming outright now. I got to go. Angel sustainedsevere internal injuries. He lost a lot of blood. But...the surgerywas successful. It looks like our boy'sout of the woods. I know I should stay,be a part of the group hug. But I can't focus. I'm trapped in the clutches of a memory. I need to know what it means. Morgan. What the fuckis wrong with you? I have someplaceI have to be. Well,we all gotsomeplace to be. But you just found out that somebody who was supposedto be your friend is gonna live. Does that make youfeel anything? Anything at all? Take your fucking handoff me. Just whatI always thought. Right. Deck the hallswith parts of bodies la-da-da-da dum Shit.Just what I need. Hey. I know it's late. I guess you didn't getmy message. I drove byand saw your car. I can go. Get your ass in here. It's about timeyou see where I live anyway. Oh,you have no ideahow much I needed this. You feel good. And cold --you're freezing. Well,then stayand keep me warm. This batista thinghas gotten to you,hasn't it? Angel's daughter was there. That's got to be rough. Daughter of a cop --just like you. Yeah. I rememberwhat that's like -- kissing your father goodbye, always afraidit's for the last time. Hey... let's get out of townfor the weekend -- just the two of us. We need to talk. I'm sitting right here. Nope. The timehas got to be right. Okay. It'll have to wait... at least till we catch theasshole who did this to batista. Let me warn you --I can be very persistent. I need to get out of town, and I need youto come with me. What I need is sleep,which is not gonna be easy. I'm totally wiredfrom all this shit. Well,lucky for you,I have the perfect cure. My loving arms. And...I got a little thingto help you sleep. That ain'tno little thing. I meant valium. It's one of the perksworking at the hospital. Wine and valium? I'll be totally helpless. You read my mind. Well,as I live and breathe. You miss me? You and the bear clawsyou're hiding behind your back. This must be important. Haven't seenmuch of you lately. No rest for the wicked. How's gene? Good days and bad. He just finished his first roundof radiation. Well,he's a good guy. Not much of a bridge player,though. Harry and geneused to get so mad every time doris and iwould take them to the cleaners. I was hoping you could dig upan old case file for me. Well,sure thing.Got a date? Uh,not exactly. It's the crime scenewhere harry found me. Uh...I wish I could help,but... everything from that long ago is boxed up in the basementat city hall. And...as you can see, I'm up to my you-know-whatin year-end reports,so... It's my lieutenant. Camilla,is there anythingyou remember? What I remember,dexter morgan,is your father caring enough to bring you into his homeand give you a loving family. I wouldn't keepyour lieutenant waiting. Who found the body parts? I did. They were leftunder the tree. I thought it was the crewfrom last night just messing around...till I found the head. I told himnot to touch anything, but he never listens. God,patty,you're such a bitch. Did you guys see anythingout of the ordinary fore you foundthe body? There were some brokenornaments by the tree. Who could do something like thisso close to christmas? The grinch. Oh,you're a fuckingriot,max! Like anyone's gonna go shoppingdown here after this. There go our jobs. Thank you foryour cooperation. Oh,sucks to be an elf. Get some visual surveillance. I got here as fast as I could.What are we looking at? Female victimcut up into pieces. The ice-truck killer?So soon? Yep,and after the bloodbathat the hotel, can't wait to seehow the captain's gonna handle the presson this one. James,I need you to walk dexterto the crime scene. And will somebody turn offthis goddamn snow machine?! Your sistercan help you out. That a whole sexual-tensionthing or am I missing something? 103. It's the same numbershe left at marina view hotel. Any leadsas to what they mean? We've talked to numerologists,mathematicians, code breakers -- nothing.They need more to go on. First he turns my whole world inside out with a carnival of blood. Now he leaves me this -- a calming oasis in the desert of my confusion. It doesn't make sense. Crime scene's wiped clean. Another hooker? Ho,ho,ho --another dead ho. Somebody's been naughty. Hey,morgan,want to siton my lap when we're done and tell me what you wantfor christmas? And he's back. No,thanks. Last thing on my wish list isa burning sensation when I pee. This doesn't seem right. Body parts scatteredamong the presents. Broken ornaments. It's not his usualmeticulous style. It seems rushed... haphazard. That would explain why we can'tfind one of the hands. What's wrong? There's somethingunderneath the torso. Merry christmas,miami. After all this time, why do you think the ice-truckkiller has struck again? Any answer at this time would bepure speculation on my part. Do you thinkit has any connection with your department's handlingof the neil perry fiasco? Sir? You've arrested the wrong man. May the world think I'm a rank amateur, and I'm very,very angry to answer for your mistakes. Stop the tape. What are you doing? Look at her tears.They're rolling up. Oh,my god. Bastard's got herupside down. That's how he bleeds them out. He strings them up like meat. It was me. No,please,no -- All right,turn it off. I'll have the tape sentto the station for analysis. Sergeant doakes,you're on point. With all due respect,sir, lieutenant laguerta's in chargeof this investigation. Not anymore. The fact is we haven't been ableto catch this guy, and now he's rubbingour noses in it. We've got to come upwith some fresh ideas. This is some bullshit.I'll go talk to him. No,no,no.Do as he says. The commissioner has his assin a sling. He's up for review.Word is he's getting the boot. So you're just gonna sit backand take this? Well,if it means being seenas his worthy successor... I'll be at the hospital. All right,P.B. And J. Inside, cut diagonally,not straight across. Tastes better that way. Has dad said if he's coming overchristmas eve or christmas morning? I miss him. Well,I'm -- I'm afraidyour dad's not gonna make it this year for the holidays. Where is he? Well,uh...he's -- he's back in jail,isn't he? Look,I know he wantedto say goodbye, but there wasn't any time. He loves you guys so much. I forgot my math book. I'm -- I'm sure he'd loveto hear from you. We could write him a letter. It's all your fault. You could at least pretendyou want to be here. You're the one who hadthe urgent need for tacos. Yeah,so we could talkabout rudy. He's been actingweird lately. Last nighthe said we need to talk. Well,that's never good. Well,thanks.I feel a lot better. I've only been obsessingabout this all day. Think you could talk to himfor me? Oh,look,it's rudy. I sort of called him. Dex,deb didn't tell meyou'd be joining us. Apparently she's hada lot on her mind. Oh,shit. That's work.I have to go. Here,take mine.Sorry. What's with your lip? Deb catch youwith a right hook? She can be pretty protectivewith the remote. I had a little workshop accidentthis morning. Doesn't look like it happenedthis morning. The cut's already closing up. Oh,did I sa--I meant yesterday morning. I think I'm workingtoo hard. Anyway,I don't think my lip is why deb arrangedthis little chitchat. My sister is afraid there may betrouble in paradise. Your sister's wrong. So this whole"need to talk" thing? I'm starting to look atthe big picture. She's someonethat I could see spending the restof my life with,you know? No,I don't know. But I do know that deb'sfalling for you...hard. - You hurt her... - and you'll hurt me. Something like that. Angel,se recupera. Angel va a estar en la casa para la navidad. Okay? El es un hombre fuerte y strong. Y adem*S... I'm tired of hearingyou two gallinas cluck. Hey,you. You had us so worried. If I'd have known that this would get you backin the same room with me, I would havegotten stabbed sooner. I'm gonna get the doctor. No,no,no.What are you doing? No,dejalo. The doctor said you're lucky to be alive andstill have a liver. Well,that's why I got two,right? It's a good thingyou decided to be a cop. Tell me that you caughtthe cocksucker that ruinedone of my best shirts. We don't have any leads.Did you see anything? No. He was behind me. I just felt the blade go in. It happened so fast. Maria... how long has nina been here? She was the first oneat the hospital. She's been with youthe whole time. Yo no s¨¦ porque,pero... My mother was murdered before my eyes. Makes sense I'd choose a life where I search for meaning in blood. The sole memory I have of her is being covered in it. I need to know more details. I hope that look means you foundsomething on batista's shirt. You should see this. That's what I drove all the wayback from the hospital for? This drop of blood doesn'tmatch the wound pattern or the spatter from the restof batista's shirt, and look where it is -- onthe inside of the back collar. You thinkit's the attacker's blood? We knowbatista fought back. Well,run the dna. If this guy's got priors,we'll get a hit on the database. Already sent a sampleto the lab. Sorry to hear,you know, about matthews taking youoff the case. Last gaspof a desperate man. Things are gonna changearound here. And I won't forgetyour help. And I'm very,very angry. Oh,god,no! No,please! I can't watch this again. I know it's tough,but just keepyour eyes on the monitor. Wait -- what was that? The camera tilts up right before he hitsthe off switch. Watch. That,my friends,is a monsterrefrigeration unit. He needs it coldto preserve the bodies. But check this out. Look how much space there is between her feetand the ceiling. This room is bigger than yourstandard commercial freezer. Most likelyit was a custom build. So we should focus our searchon commercial districts. No. Residential. You think he built thisin his own place? He picks up hookers,right?I worked vice. The smart girls know not to gonear a factory or a warehouse unless you neverwant to be seen again. How do we know he didn'tknock out his victims or drug them, then take themback to a warehouse? None of the other victimsshowed any signs of head injury or narcotics. Besides,what better wayto trap a victim than to get her to walkinto your own home? The escort service saidshe was meeting her client at the corner of brickell avenueand coral way. And her body was foundat santa's cottage, which is on biscayne mall. We'll map out grids. We'll focus onprivate residences drawing large amounts of powernear those areas. Catch a break... we'll catchthis son of a bitch. Where the hellare you going? I need to do some researchon a case. You were supposed to call meafter your lunch with rudy. I've been freaking out. He sent me this text message. "Cum sail away with me?" He misspelled "come." Dexter,this is no time to joke. This is good,right?A romantic weekend? What did he say to you? Oh,wait,no.Don'T. Don't tell me. Maybe he wants itto be a surprise. Unless I should know.Should I know? Okay,tell me. You know,no.Don'T. "We need to talk"? Who says that unlessyou're getting dumped? I don't thinkthat's what this is about. He probably wants me out on thewater in case I make a scene. You know,I always do this.I put myself out there. I set myself up to get hurt. He wants to bepart of the family. What? Wait. Like...propose? I have to get to the librarybefore it closes, but we'll talkabout this later,okay? Oh,my god. Oh,my god! I was never one to dwell on my past, always content to leave it a mystery. No details -- just a blur of images rushing by. But my friend out there wants to bring those memories into focus. So do I. This is it for the metro newsfor 1972 through 1973. The tribune's archives... SHIPPING YARD MASSACH 10/3? 1-0-3 -- same as the hotel,same as santa's cottage. This is what he wanted me to find all along. SMALL TIME CRIMINALS VICTITM OF MASSACRE Dexter,close your eyes. Don't look. Laura moser... my mother. No wonder I felt so disconnected my entire life. If I did have emotions,I'd have to feel... this. October 3,1973. Laura moserand three others found chopped upwith a chain saw. Apparently a drug dealerdidn't appreciate laura and her friendsstealing his cocaine. First officer on scenewas harry morgan. You've been busy. A crime that big and yet there's no record ofthe case file at city hall. That seems a bit odd. It's a long time ago. What is in that report thatharry didn't want me to see?! Why was there no mentionin any of the newspapers about a 3-year-old boyat the crime scene?! Camilla... damn it,I need to know.I need that file. I can't give you the file'cause it no longer exists. I destroyed it the dayyour adoption went through. You did what? Made a promiseto your father. Why,to protect him? To protect you. Harry had a code. He'd never ask youto destroy evidence. Your father was a decent manand an honest cop, but what he saw in thatcargo container changed him. You were left there for days,starving, in blood 2 inches thick. - Yeah. - Dex,cody's run away! - Are you sure? - Yeah,I've looked everywhere. Well,call the police.I'll be right there. Camilla... I need to know the truth. Kid... leave this one alone. I-I-I can't sit herelike this. I should be out theredoing something. Rita,the police saidyou need to stay here in case cody comes home. The neighbors are helping.We'll find him. Yeah,but one squad carfor all of miami? What if some crazy personpicked him up off the street? It's all my fault. Honey,what are youtalking about? I should have heard codyget out of bed. I'm his big sister. Hey.Hey,look at me. It's not your fault,okay? Okay? Could you go get dextersome water? I should haveseen this coming. Cody was so upset with me when I told him that paulwas back in jail. Paul. - Today's thursday,right? - Yeah. I think I knowwhere cody might be. Hey. Need a push? Today's the day you meet daddyin the park,huh? He'll be here. Oh,baby,I'm so sorry,but he's not coming back -- not for a long time. Look,we'll talk about thiswhen we get home,okay? After all the lies harry left for me to uncover, I'd love to run away,too. He won't even look at me. I'm not the one in jail,and yet I'm still the bad guy. Well,you didn't tell themthe truth... about their father. I told thempaul was back in jail. Well,right,you told them where he is, but you didn't tell them o he is. He's stillthe same drug-using, wife-beating redneckhe always was. They should hear that. You're not a parent.You don't understand. You do anythingto protect your kids. Rita,wake up.You're not protecting them. You're protecting paul. Well,I --I got to get them home. Somebody'sin a good mood. The commissionerand the review board did not look happythis morning. They've been in matthews' officefor two hours. You thinking his ass is aboutthree shades of red right now? I don't carewhat color it is as long as it's on its wayout the door. Tell me that did notjust happen. It's who you knowand who you blow. Probably pickingtheir fucking tee time. Maria,watch your back. He's gonna be gunning foyounow more than ever. Let him try. My man juan,hook it up. They didn't have road and track so... that better bea bag of applesauce. Okay,juan,at this point,you should go save yourself. Go. Oh,you got to bekidding me. Two double-meats? A man's got to eat. You're so cutewhen you're annoyed. You know,your mouth makesthose little o'S. God damn it,angel, do I look like I'm beingfucking cute with you? Well,not now you don't,no. Why do you always do this -- make light of thingsthat matter? Okay,I'm sorry.Okay? When I come home,I'll eat anything you want. No jokes,no complaining --I promise. When you come home? I thought the way thingsare going with us... I thoughtyou'd forgiven me. Well,of courseI forgive you. I forgave youa long time ago. Okay,so let's fix this. This could bea second chance for us. What? Look,you did what you did. It was hard. But it got usto face the truth. We were miserable...for years. Do you reallywant to survive this and go right backto being unhappy? Maybe. What if I do? Look,you will always bejorge's father. I will alwayscare about you. I'll always be herefor you. But our marriage is over. Why,yes,by all means,tom,please,come in. Maria...let's you and me have a talk. Congratulations on the review.I hear it went well. You must be thrilled.But now,if you don't mind -- let me getright to the point. All our mishapsthese last few months -- failure to bringin the ice-truck killer, mishandling of tony tucci... even neil perry -- neil perry was your fuck-up...not mine. They're all the resultof a bad command structure, and that's my failure. Well... I'm glad to hear yousay that. Takes a big man to admithis own mistakes. So this morning, the commissionergave me the go-ahead to restructure the division. Effective immediately, you will no longer serveas my lieutenant. I'm sorry. I know this must be difficultfor you. Please,it's ridiculous. You reallydon't want to do this. Because of your statusin the cuban community. I'm a fucking heroto this community. You think they're just gonnaaccept it? Your replacement has alreadybeen selected. Her name is esm¨¦ pascal,atransfer from fort lauderdale -- a real up-and-comer. Pascal,the haitian-american? The one who got shot last yearin the line of duty. Mm-hmm.Turns out she's an actual hero. You think I'm gonnastay quiet for this, you're out of your mind. I did warn you,maria. I'm gonna need you to clear outthis office tonight. Expect a callfrom my union rep. You'll always have a placein the bullpen -- and my fucking lawyer,too! - ...With all the otherdetectives. - This isn't fucking over,tom! You goddamn... Son of a bitch! Oh,you got to bekidding me. How are you? How the hell do I look? I can barely rememberhow I got here. Look,there's somethingwe need to discuss. If you came for an apology,you wasted a tank of gas. Sit.I'm not finished. Fuck you. Astor and codyare in the other room. Jesus,you brought them here? Look,I knowthis will be difficult, but I need you to explain tothem why you're in this place. I have no fucking ideawhy I'm in this place. Fine. Fine. You want to be in denial?Go ahead. You will never seeyour kids again. Wait,wait,wait,wait.Rita,wait,wait. I fought so hardto win those kids back, especially astor. If they see me here like this,I'm gonnlose them forever. Paul,the one good thingthat came out of our marriage are those kids. And I know you love them. But if you want to have any kind of realrelationship with them, it has to bewith the father they have, not the fatherthey wish they had. Now,you cheated on me. You broke my heart,you broke my bones, and I took it so those kidswouldn't have to. But I am giving you the chanceto make it all right. Not for me,but for them. I-I-I...I wouldn't knowwhat to say. Tell them you're payingfor your mistakes. It's a valuable lesson. It's one you never got. So what's it gonna be? Okay. Daddy!Daddy,daddy! Hey! All right,this won't take long. There was a drop of blood on the back of your shirtthat wasn't yours, so I need to checkthe back of your head. Just so longas it's only my head you're checkingback there,bro. How are thingswith you and rita? Not so good,actually.We kind of...had words. I think I really upset her. Oh,that's rough,man. Maybe I'm notthe right person for her. Some people are meant to bealone,right? Dex,socio,alone sucks. - Ihijo de puta! - Sorry. These are teeth marks. - You definitelywounded this guy. - Good. I hope I brokehis fucking nose... or at least gave hima fat lip. Angel,have you ever metdeb's boyfriend,rudy cooper? Yeah. I went by his officea couple of days ago. Nice guy. Why? At lunch,rudy said he'd hurt his lip that morning. He was lying,and I was too distracted to care. But he's got my full attention now. Hey,you here tonight? Yeah,we're tits-deepin the ice-truck killer. Might be onto something.It's gonna be an all-nighter. So that text messageyou got from rudy about going away wh him --you're not gonna do that? Tragically,no. I was all psyched to meet himat the miami beach marina, but this bullpen's my hometill we finish this. Good. I'm working on a theorythat rudy was gonna propose, and now he can't --why is that good? No,I meant good thatyou're making progress here. Yeah.We're getting closer. Fingers crossed. At least I know my sister is safe tonight, which gives me time to check out my own theory on rudy. We've defined the areafor the residential search. Good. So we'll startcanvassing tonight. You take the -- That him? Yeah,how'd you know? 'Cause you got that stupid-assgrin on your face again. Go ahead. Answer it. Hey. Hey,supercop,what's the word? I'm kind of in a thingright now. Got it. I'll be quick.You never answered my text. Do I have the pleasureof your company this weekend? Uh,yeah,about that -- come on,deb,it's only two days. I know,I know. It's just we've hada major break in the ice-truck-killer case. I promise,as soon as we catchthis douchebag, you and I are gonna spenda whole week together in bed. You are not gonna be ableto get rid of me. Okay,okay,but how about dinner? Oh,my god,you are persistent. Well,you got to eat,right? So why noteat dinner with me... on this yacht I'm on? Where the helldid you get a yacht? I rented it. I thought we'd havea nice couple days together, but we could still havea nice night. And there is that thingwe need to talk about. okay,well,maybe I can takean hour for dinner. I can work with an hour. I mean,a real hour,not one of your "let's stretch this outtill 2:00 A.M. You might as well stayand have sex" hours. Right. Real hour. No fakey hour.Got it. All right,I'll get out of hereas fast as I can. I'll see you soon. Thinking rudy attacked batista doesn't make any sense. He's a loving boyfriend. He spends his life helping people in need. He brought me steaks. Well,that's just rude. Why would loving and helpful rudy need an industrial-grade lock... and a security camera? How do I get his dna now? At times like this, I wish the truth was more easily accessible,unless -- right. But harry taught me to trust my gut. "People lie all the time," he said. "But your instinct will never fail you." Some blood from a cut lip,perhaps? Fuck me! I believe your rule specificallyprohibits such action. Did you do all this? In fact,I did. You like? I like. I like so much that it makes what I haveto tell you that much harder. Oh,please tell meyou're not leaving. I'm sorry. I hit traffic. It took me 30 minutesto get here. I have to turn aroundand go right back. Oh,my god. Hold on. Hold on.Wait. Well,you're sort offorcing my hand here. I wanted to wait until we wereout in the water,but... Here goes. I know this seems fast... but I feel -- I feel that I waited my wholeentire life for you. And now that you're here, I don't want you to leave. Debra morgan... will you marry me? I knew it!I fucking knew it! Is that your versionof a "yes"? Yes,yes,yes,yes,but -- no,no,no!Stop at "yes." Yes,I like that part. Yes,but let's slow it down,you know? Like,let me savor this.I want to be with you. I want to enjoy it,you know? So it's a "yes," but -- okay,I get it.You do? No,not really,but I can work with it. Good,good. Oh,god,I can still wearthe ring,right? Yes,but...there's a condition. I know you have togo to work,but... if you're gonna wear the ring,we need to celebrate. One glass of champagne --that's all I ask. - Rudy,I -- - I mean it. You can't leave yoursort-of fianc¨¦ on a yacht with a cold meal and an unopenedbottle of champagne. It's kind of cruel. Just one glass of champagne...to celebrate. And then you can go back, saving miamifrom the ice-truck killer. I can live with that. Hey,I need these twotested against each other. It's kind of a rush. Excuse me,hi. Hey,these two -- tested againsteach other right now. Okay. It's deb. Do it. Hey,I know you're working, but let me knowwhen you come up for air. I need to talk to you.I'm in the building. This yacht's amazing. I didn't know you wentfor stuff like this. Well,you have a whole lotto learn about me. Was that justthe phone ringing? Yeah -- big brother.I let it go to voice mail. He can waittill we're done here. Good.I want you all to myself. So...let the toasting begin. To...what comes next. You're not drinking. Tastes like menthol, which,it turns out,is not that sexy. - What's the matter? - Nothing. Just bad memories. Oh.That's right. That was the -- the one clue the ice-truckkiller left behind,right? Right. Wait.How did you know that? I don't often make mistakes, but when I do,they haunt me. Hilarious. Your champagne'sgonna get warm. You know the one thingI've been dying to ask you? How did you not knowwho I was? You're a cop. This isn't funny. I thinka real cop would,um, at least have a sensethat she was in the presence of the personshe was hunting,right? You're hurting me. I'm didn't show youthe best part of my loft. Built it myself. Stop it! The refrigerated room. Oh,god,why are you doing this?! You know,the tricky partwas getting you on the boat. The other womenI could just pay. But at the end...you made it easy. So desperateto fall in love. Stop. Dude,you got to see this. The autopsy on oursanta's cottage victim? Check it out. One arm was shorterthan the other. So that got me thinking. I mean,our guy isn't sloppy.He's precise. Not now,vince. Dude,her left wrist was2 inches shorter than her right. I mean,why cut off moreon the left side than the right? Because our girl... our girl wasa fucking amputee. I looked upher medical records. She had a fake left hand. That's whywe couldn't find it. The killer cut offthat extra piece of wrist so that we wouldn't seethe stump. Let me see that. That nightbatista was stabbed, he was following upon a lead he got from a one-handed call girl. Guess whatthe lead was about. The ice-truck killer. Booyah. You sure? Positive. The samplesyou gave me were a match. They're from the se person. Hey,you all right? Where's my sister? Took her code 12.Left about an hour ago. She wasn't supposedto go anywhere. Dispatch,this is dexter morgan. I need you to raise officerdebra morgan on her radio. Sorry,sir. She's been out of range for the last half-hour. It's deb. Do it. Where the fuck are you? I'm here at work,and you're not. I need to talk to you. Do not see rudyuntil you find me. Call me when you get this. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-cflily