Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-Ð¡Ò°ÈËÍõ -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> previously on "dexter"... you still don't remember anything from before? You know,before we took you in? No. What are you doing? I'd like to talk you througha deep relaxation technique. It might bring some things to the surface. Mama! It was a match. Joe driscollwas your bio-dad. And this is rudy. - Dexter. - Hey. I have waited a long time to meet you. Why the different nail polishes? What the hell'sthis guy thinking? And the real kingis still out there. Hungry.Ready. He'll kill again. It's just a matter of time. Dex,rudy's different.I feel safe with him. I think I'm falling for him. Divorce papers. Sign them now and I'll agree tosupervised visits twice a week. You think you can really make me back down? Are you fucking my wife? The kids are already settled at colleen'S. You can have your visit when we get back. I just wish he'd go away. I mean,why can't he just go away and disappear forever? No. Seeing Red Come on,buckaroos. It's monday. Can't be late monday. Throws the whole week off. What about breakfast? Made and eaten. And the kids' lunches. Packed and ready to go. Did you tell the locksmith? Yeah,new locks on every door, reinforced strike plates, seven-pin keyways. Here you go,buddy. Why don't you kids go wait in my car? I want to talk to your mom for a sec. Are you gonna make out? None of your business. - Are you? - Astor. Rita,you don't have to do this. Getting attacked by your ex-husband merits a day off. I'm fine. I'm not gonna let paul control my life anymore. Those days are over. It's gonna be okay.The police have been notified. They'll find him. What if they don't? Oh! I got yousome pepper spray. Just aim for the eyes. Hey,you want some? It's kirk bliloc's cake. I had some at kirk's birthday,10 days ago. See,you have lunch every day with your boyfriend, you miss a thing or twoaround here. Cake's still good.It's mocha,I think. It started out vanilla. Guys,you shouldlook at this. Put that thing down,for god's sake. It was addressedto homicide. Put it down! Jesus,is that blood? Morgan,get your ass over here. Ass en route. You're the blood expert. What is this shit? It's a little wateryfor jam. Maybe you should open it. What if there'san airborne toxin in here waiting to be released? I got to wash my hands. So gullible. What is it? Well,it's definitely blood. Wait,there's somethingin here. Marina view hotel. It's a key. May be some sortof promotional gag. You know,stay the weekend, you get a jar of blood. Show-and-tell's over. Let's try and find outwho sent this. Grab batista and get overto that hotel. Batista's still working on the explosion at the smack lab. Morgan,put the cake down.You're with me. A jar of blood -- dramatic,cryptic,playful. Could it be him? Got an extra keyfrom the manager. Said the same thingas the front-desk clerk. The guy who checked into 103 was white and normal-looking. I haven't seen a single security camera since we've been here. It's likely this guyscouted hotels and chose onewith lax security. Better be readyto cancel your lunch. Police. Open up. Oh,my god. Jesus. Get back in your room. Metro dispatch,this is 3-henry-8-8 out at the marina view hotel. I need uniformed backup,forensics. Fuck it.Just send everybody out. It's been a whilesince we went prophylactic. Not me.Last night,I met this chick I'll stop you right there,vince. So,they tell you anything about what's inside? No one's been inside.Too much blood. Dexter. Just a heads-up it's bad in there. - Okay. - I'm serious. She's not kidding.It's your wet dream in there. Okay. You're going in firstalone. Get a sense of what we're dealing with and give me a report. Don't fuck up. Now I'm really curious. He's been gone so long, he had to be planning a splashy return, but a crime scene just for me? Mommy! Tell me youfound something,morgan. I talked to the guestsin room 105. They didn't see anyonego in or out. What about across the hall? German tourists. They got their headup their lederhosen. They said they hearda whirring sound but thought someone was mixing margaritas or vacuuming. Oh,my god. Hey.Hey,you okay? I'm just a little queasy. I fell down in there. Never should haveskipped breakfast. Bullshit. You're shaking. What the hell happened up there? No,I'm okay.I just need a little air. Something finally got to you. I guess you're human after all. Cut him some slack,all right? I hate to disappoint you,but i think it's just low blood sugar. Tell us what you saw,dex. How many dead? A lot. But no bodies,just blood --50,60 liters. Maybe half a dozen dead.I don't know. You're saying there wasa mass murder in there,but they took the bodies? How is that possible? There's one elevator,emergency stairs with alarms. Someone would have seen corpsescoming out. I don't fucking know. Hey,dexter,you all right? I can't go back in there. You don't have to. Fine,just get yourself cleaned up and I don't know work from the hallway or something. You're in room 422. Elevators are to your right, and bobby will see to your bags. Dade countysheriff's department. I'm lookingfor rita bennett. That's me.Did you find paul? I'm sorry? Paul bennett. My ex-husband attacked melast night. My boyfriendfiled a police report. The only report we have isthe one that mr. Bennett filed. What? Wait. Paul filed a police report?For what? Assault. Your ex-husbandwas just released from baptistmemorial hospital. He's pressing chargesagainst you. He attacked me! Not according to him. All right.Can we talk about this later? We needa formal statement. You're gonna have to come with us right now to the station. Fine. Hey,make sure you labelthe section of the grid each blood sample came from. All right? Sweet. You should really get in here,dex. I never seen anythinglike this. Wait till you've seen a few morecolumbian drug busts. Dude,I got mistingup the walls, across the ceiling, but no tissue.Come see. Photos,vince. Hey,and how come the blood'snot clotting? The blood's not clotting? Genuine medical mystery. Just keep getting samples. I'll test it at the lab. Hello?Don't hang up. Dexter,I'm atthe sheriff's station. Paul's pressing assault charges against me. I mean,how's it even possible? I was defending myself. Just stay calm.I know a lawyer. I'll straighten it out. I am calm.They're the hysterical ones. They're charging mewith a class-2 felony. Hello,dexter?Are you there? Yeah,I'm right here. This is ridiculous. I could lose my job. I could lose my kids. I won't let that happen. Well,I'm gladyou're so confident. Rita,just trust me.I know how the system works. Look,I'm at a crime scene right now,and I have to go, but I'll talk tomy lawyer friend right away. You okay? Yeah.Yeah,I'm okay. Thank you. Yeah,bye. Is there a wall socket in there? Check it out. - What? A wall socket? - Yeah. Of course there's a wall socket.There's lots of wall hey,you're right. There was somethingplugged in here probably a power toolto cut them up. Come take a look. Photos,vince. Lots and lots of photos. Open sesame. Blood samplesfor the fridge. And you better make room. There's a lot more coming. Shooters at the bel can to tonight. You in? I'm not in the mood. Angel,you're on the market, and the bel cantois hottie central. Look at this. They werefor nina's birthday backstage passesto neil diamond. You're in worse shapethan I thought. Oh,masukawas looking for you. Something about drinksat the bel canto. Yeah,I told himI had a yeast infection. A bit of an overshare. You want to talk aboutwhat happened today? Already did. Dexter,the last time I saw you like that was when dad died. You can talk to me,you know? Just got to open your mouthand move it. I'll call rudy.I'll tell him I'll be late. Deb,seriously. I puked. I'm fine. I know you want to help, but unless you have breathmints, there's nothing to do. Why do you always do this? - Do what? - You shut me out. Like your birth fatherthat lived up the highway your whole lifeand never tried to contact you. I still don't know how that makes you feel. I'll tell what,if somerandom emotion strikes me in the middle of the night you'll be the first one I call. Fine. Whatever. Did paul force his wayinto the house? No. Did you ask him to leave? Yes,and he refused. But in your statement, it says you invited your ex-husband into your bedroom. He was drunk,and the kids were asleep, and I knew exactly where this was heading cracked ribsand a broken jaw. ok,And you didn't want itto escalate.I understand that, but we can't prove intent. Your ex-husband has the in juries here,not you. Paul has a recordof spousal abuse. Spousal abusecan be mutual. It was never mutual. Okay. But the manis a model parolee. I mean,his drug tests are clean. He's got glowing reports from the court-appointed supervisor. Corrections will want to see this guy transition. I don't care. He's not going near my children.Do you understand? Rita,if you deny himvisitation, you could loseyour children. Now,you have depositionin two days. Do not give this man any more ammunition than he already has. Okay. Damn. Just blood? What happenedto the bodies? Hell if I know. I don't want to know. Blood was bad enough. No wonder you seem so amped. Your brothermust have loved it. Fuck no.He freaked. Really? I thought,you know,blood was his thing.What happened? It was like usual.He shut me out. Did he say anything? Let's not talk about dexright now. Was it likea panic attack? I don't know.He's not really bigin to sharing his feelings, in case you hadn't noticed. Kiss me. What's the matter?You don't even have wood. Well,you're the onethat said you wanted to talk. Yeah,but not now.I'm horny. Maybe I should call him. Are you fucking kidding me? What?We bonded last weekend. Isn't that what boyfriends are supposed to do, show some interestin the family? Yeah,but notwhen his girlfriend's trying to get into his pants. Deb,that's not fair. You take me outon a couples' weekend to get to know your brother, and then you punish me for giving a damn? I mean,your issues don't have to be mine. You know what? Forget it.Let's just go to sleep. Okay.I'm gonna go watch tv. *********** *********** *********** *********** Nina loved neil diamond. "Song sung blue." "September morn." Oh,my god --"kentucky woman." You got to love that shit. That's like the fourth chick you've driven off. Waitress!Is there a waitress? I need a drink.Waitress! Bro,you're a train wreck. Look,you got to stoptalking about the divorce. I ain't ashamed. Yeah,I think that's clear, but it's pathetic. Look,don't talk aboutthe divorce unless they ask. Comprendo? Oh,and eighty-sixthe ring. I have to take a squirt. She's gonnafuck me silly. My sister's right.I don't share my problems with her... or with anybody. Harry taught me that secrecy,self-reliance, and a well-stocked cup board of hefty bags. Fortunately,I've never met a problem I can't manage... until that boy in the blood. He scares me.I want him to go away. You awake? What? Are you sureyou locked the door? Yeah,I'm positive --bolt and chain. What am I gonna do? Don't worry.I'll figure it out. And I will. I can always see other people's problems more clearly than my own. And fortunately,rita's has a name. Everyone who set foot onthe bloody carpet in room 103 left a footprint, and since we do shoe molds of everyone on personnel, that leaves only one set of footprints unaccounted for the killer'S. This shows everywhere he went in the room.The question is why. all right,hold on,Aren't we missing something? Where are the victims'footprints? Give that lady a lollipop. Are you suggesting there were never any bodies in room 103? Why would a guy stage a massacre and not have any bodies? And where'd he getthe blood? I've just gota preliminary blood report. The blood in that room came from at least five different bodies, possibly more. My fellow traveler had five victims. Ice-truck killerhad five victims. Five bloodless victims. I always wondered what he did with the blood. Wait. The ice-truck killerdid not horde his victims' blood just to have a party at the motherfucking marina view hotel. Why would he do that? To chase me down the rabbit hole. What was that,morgan? I didn't say anything. I'll remind you people,wearrested the ice-truck killer. His name is neil perry,and he'sawaiting trial in county. Bullshit. Neil perry recantedhis confession. He's a fraud. - Try telling thatto the capital. - I did. Do we have any more evidence to support this theory? Well,when masuka noticedthe blood wasn't clotting,I ran some tests, and it was loaded with coumadinand heparin. One's an anticoagulant. The other's a preservative. It means the blood's old. Plus the blood spatters'all impact and castoff. There are no hand transfersor swipe patterns to indicate the presenceof any actual victims. Masuka,run the dna on all five vics and see if it matchesthe ice-truck killer's victims. You two get outto the marina view hotel. Retrace his steps.Maybe it'll tell us something. And not a word to anyoneabout the ice-truck killer. All right,astor,just stand up straight. Now,do you havethe emergency phone number list? It's in my backpack. Do I have toshow it to you again? Just promise me you won't let your brother out of your sight. Rita? You're scaring them. Yeah,well,they should be. I didn't tell them what paul did the other night. What'd you say when you dragged them to the neighbors'? I smelled gas. I should have just thrown them in the car and headed out of state, gone back to michigan. Rememberwhat the lawyer said. You don't want todo anything rash. Just relax. The court supervis or will be there the whole time. Hey,buddy. Come on.Where's the love? Daddy,what happened? Oh,nothing,buddy.Just a little bump on the head.that's it Hey,we're goingto the circus. We're going to the circus, 'cause daddy always keep shis promises,remember? Good. All right.Ready? Got your stuff? Let's go. You okay? I prefer the enchanting rita over the worried one. If I can figure out a way to make her ex-husband my problem, I can help her sleep much easier tonight. All I need is a little proof of his inner monster. Harry would have insisted on that. Harry didn't believe in preemptive killing, but maybe I can bend the rules just this once. After all,harry wasn't perfect. He lied about my birth father. The trifecta -- weapon,ammo, and impaired judgment. Throw in a little domestic violence, and you have the perfect recipe for a family slaughter. Mommy! Hide your head,dexter. Close your eyes. No! So,after he soaked the roomin blood, he crossed to the desk... and then overto the bedside table. There's a clock radioand some smeared blood. Maybe he turned it on. No,we're missing something. Let's go over it again. We've been over itthree times. Well,maybe the map's wrong. Call your brother. What? Why is everybody's first move to call dexter? You don't even like him. What'd the freak do this time,boil your goldfish? No,it's just... it's rudy. We had our first fight. Tiff. I don't know.Whatever you want to call it. I thought we were talking about your brother. We were. Turn that off. No,wait.I want to hear it. It's devo.Turn that shit off. He said 103 fm.This is room 103. Leviticus 10:3. 10:3 -- 103. Son of a bitch. You think he's trying to tell us something? I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all people, I will be glorified. Deb's pissed at me.I need advice. So you came here? You know herbetter than anyone. Come on.I got two porterhouses and a sixer of microbrew. Well,one minute we're talking about her day, you know,the whole bloodbath thing. Right. And the next,she wants to jump my bones. I mean,deb's hot and all, but sprinkle ina little conversation once in a while,you know? No,she's my sister.I don't know. Can I help youfind something? You wouldn't happen to have a good meat knife. Thanks. Anyway,the other halfof the argument was about you. Me? Yeah.It was already tense enough, but when I brought your name,she lost it. So,what do I do? Tell her it's all your fault. - Seriously? - You will eventually. Deb has a way of wearing you down. Just start from there.It's easier. Oh.I got to take this. You mind if I...? Where are you? Still at work,chasing a lead. Let me guess --the bloodbath case. I don't want to talk shopright now. Baby,I am so sorry. You were totally right. I was mad at dexter, and I took it out on you. My shift's almost done. You want to come over and talk? I'd love to,babe,but I'm about to eat dinner with dexter. Well,after. Yeah,but here's the thing. I think I'm gonna sleepat my place tonight. I mean,it's closer,and I'm drinking,you know. You understand,right? Yeah. I'll call you tomorrow. Care to dance? You dance to this? A bit. What about your wife? Tan lineon your ring finger. I'm not gonnatalk about that tonight. Divorced?I get it. Mine was just finalized. Let's go. Will you excuse me?Excuse me. Police.I need to talk to you. I'm not a hooker anymore. I work for a legitimateescort service now. I'm not hereto bust anyone. I just need to know why you paint your nails the way you do. He was a real good client. You want to spend the nightin a cell? All right. About a year ago, there was this guy. Guy or client? A john,okay? That's when I worked calle ocho. Anyway,he started getting all rough with me until he saw this. Then what? Then he changed his tune, got all turned on. Told meto take my fake hand off. He started doing some kinky,weird stuff, like he was worshipping it. To cap it off,he takes all my nail polish and paints each naila different color. I liked it,so I kept doing it. You know that guy they arrested for the ice-truck killings? Yeah,the onewho stuffs roadkill? - Is that the guy? - No way. My trick,he's sexy.A freak,but sexy. Okay. From the beginningand with more detail. Well,thanksfor the hospitality. Hey,thanks for the steaks. You know,I didn't get a chance to ask. Deb mentioned that you hada little incident at the crime scene. Did she? Well,most of my prostheticclients are pretty traumatized by the time they get to me. Anyway,I'm a good listenerif you ever want to talk. Thanks,but unless you know anexpert in repressed memories... for real? You know somethingabout it? More than I ever wanted to. When I was in high school, I started having these dreams of a woman hit by a truck. Who was she? I didn't know. Then one day I stoppedby a mailbox, and it allcame crashing back... my mom getting outto mail a letter, me still in the car. I watched her die. How old were you? 4. I didn't remember anything till I went and mailed a letter. Walked right into the bellyof the beast without knowing it. What kind of memories are you having? They're stilla little vague. Right. Well,you're gonna have to face it eventually. Maybe next time. When you see deb,go with white roses.They're her favorite. That's a good tip. It's funny how lifebrings people together,huh? Rudy misunderstands my problem. I want the boy and blood to go away,not come crashing back. Fortunately,I have other people's problems to focus on right now... like forgotten cellphones. What do you got? Well,so farwe're chasing a ghost. Couple of employees helped with the sketch, but it's pretty generic. Only real lead we have is a couple of numbersat the crime scene. Screw the numbers.Who was killed? Where are the bodies? I heard some pretty wild theories out there. Just theories. We're still waiting for full blood results. Damn it,maria,you're stalling. I'm just tryingto avoid speculation. Well,you got to give me something and soon. This department can't afford another public relations disaster. Well, maybe you should tellthe D.A. To let neil perry go. He's notthe ice-truck killer. Are you still hung up I can't believe this. Jesus,maria,that's not gonna happen. The D.A.Takes his cues from us. If you just tell himyou made a mistake not going to happen. Now let it go. First break in this case, you come straight to me. This may bea shot in the dark, but I met this hookerlast night. Going with a pro -- now,that's how you get over the ex. No,that's notwhat I mean. So you didn't fuck her. But she blew you,right? Would you shut up? - It was a lead. - On what? I'll let you knowif it pans out,but what do you knowabout amputee fetishes? Oh,yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.It's called acrotomophilia. But don't let themhear you call it that. It sounds like a disease. No,they preferto be known as "devotees." I knew you were the manto ask. Not really. I prefer a girlwith a kung fu grip. You know whoyou should talk to? What's his face --deb's boyfriend. Prosthetics guys deal with devotees all the time. Thanks. No memory flashes here. No little lost boy in blood. Maybe he went back to hiding in the dormant reaches of my cerebral cortex. Here's to hoping. Yo,dex. So,this is what you dofor a living? I'm trying to match castoffpatterns from a crime scene. A power tool was used. Here you go. Oh,thanks. Circular saw. Seems like there'd be an easier way to make a mess like this. Yeah,trust me. I know.I've been in here for hours. You know,in my line of work, you hear all sortsof horror stories boat propellers,garbage disposals. It seems like somethingyou'd see with a chainsaw. Yeah,I hear that.But this power tool was plugged into a socket. Guess you haven't heardof an electric chainsaw. Come on,people.We're coming up empty. Those numbers mean something.1-0-3. We need to find the connection, and until we do, you need to go over every pageof every police report you wrote in the last six months. Think.1-0-3.103. Bus station locker,piece of a bank account, area code,partial license plate. What is it?I want answers. What are you doing here? How do you always do it? Do what? Make me feel likeI'm 6 years old all the time. If this is about rudy,he was just picking up his cellphone. Where'd he leave it. Uh,my apartment. What was he doing there? Uh...eating steaks. And? I don't know.Drinking beer. And? - Debra? - And? - Talking? - Talking. You talked. You opened your mouth,and sounds came out. On the same nightthat I wanted to talk to you,but you shut me out. Oh. Yeah,"oh." You don't talk to me,dex. You've spent our entire lives keeping me at a distance. But my boyfriend shows upon your doorstep with a couple of t-bones they were porterhouses. Porterhouses, and you end uptossing beers back into the middleof the night. Dex,you are all the family thatI have,and I barely know you. So,if you're gonna eat steakswith somebody after a rough day, if somebody's gonna break through your fucking walls, I think it should be me. I think I have earned it. I'm latefor rita's deposition. Deb,it's hard for me.You know that. You rudy cooper? Angel batista. I work with your girlfriend,debra. Oh,hi.Nice to meet you. I'd like to ask you a few questions,if you don't mind. Sure. Let me justgrab the door. So,does thishave to do with a case? You could say that. Well,fire away. Well,I ran into this lady with a prosthetic hand call girl,actually. Said she hada very unique client, an amputee devotee. You have a leadon this client? That's the bitch of it. I don't have a goddamned clue, except for the freaky sex stuff. I was hopingthat you could steer me toward someof those weirdos. I'm afraid I got into this business to help people get better, not help people get off. I'm sure debra will be happy to hear that. But I can talk to some of my colleagues, see if I can draw up a list of contacts for you. That'd be great. Hey,how often does someoneget a chance to help catcha bad guy,huh? You in a rushfor this information? No,no,I'm good. I'm chasing a long shot,really. Well,just give me a callat the station when you got something. Will do. Good to meet you. Good to meet you. Last question. According to your ex-husband, you left town withyour boyfriend last weekend. That's right.His father died. Did your ex-husbandhave a scheduled visitation with his children during that time? I told paulI'd make it up to him. So,then he gave youpermission? No. I'm the one that gave him visitation in the first place. I'm the custodial parent. I didn't have to do that. Could you give us a second? Yes,of course. Why didn't you tell me you broke your visitation agreement? I didn't knowit was a big deal. I think she's answered that last question, so unless there'ssomething else... No,that's fine. If I missed anything,we'll get to it at the psychiatric evaluation next wednesday. Nobody told me aboutany psychiatric evaluation. It's mandatoryin these cases. The psych test determines if there's a competency hearing. For me?But he's the ex-con. It's standard.Rita,you should be fine. Should be? You mean she could actuallylose this? Guys... I'm handcuffed here. You violateda custody agreement. You struck your ex-husband in your bedroom. He has a case. Mama,look atmy henna tattoo. - So,how much sugarhave you had? - Lots. Thanks,now she'll neverget to sleep. She'll calm down soon. This one's already crashed. Mom,can my dadread me a story? I don't think so,honey. Please? Okay. But just one. Put your duds on,buddy spider-man ones I bought you. I'll get him ready.You've got 20 minutes left. Thanks,betty.Thank you. Hey,rita. It doesn'thave to be this way. I mean,we can make this easieron each other,right? I could drop the charges if you agree to unsupervised visitation. Fuck you. Hey,dexy. You know,I don't thinkyour girlfriend appreciates the gravityof the situation. If she loses that case,she could lose the kids. - That won't happen. - Never say "won'T." We live in a world of wills wills and wonders. That's what I'm tryingto teach my children. And they are my children,too, something she seems to forget. Okay,so I made some mistakes, but I learned from it,right? Hey,I'm sober. Look,no needle marks. I got the alaskan pipelinerunning through these veins, and all because of those two little glows ticks of love in the next room. My heart beats for those two kids, so if you or that skinny bitch try to screw with what's mine, I swear to god,I don't care who I have to hurt harry's first rule was don't get emotionally involved. I think this is why. Astor,go brush your teeth now. Someone once said it's easier dealing with other people's problems than your own. They were wrong. Paul? Dexter? Where were you? Taking out the trash. Did you see paul? when I was in the side yard, I heard the front door open. Hey,my dad's car is gone. Let's face it,paul. You've been a problem. It's time for you to go away. The ice-truck killer case has been reopened officially. We have new forensic evidence that shows that the dna from the blood at the marina view hotel matches the dna from his victims. What about neil perry? Isn't he supposed to be the ice-truck killer? All those questions should be directed to captain matthews. He's been personally handling the perry case. shit.I hope she told the captain. Who knew? Who knew about this? This is the firstwe're hearing about it,captain. The ice-truck killer is still at large. I'll call you back. You overplayed your hand,maria. I gave you a chanceto make it right.I told you.. you don't tell me shit! This is my department.I made you lieutenant. Me. You were just another spik detective. Nice,tom. Real nice. Your true colorsfinally come out. Oh,no. No,you haven't seenmy true colors,maria. But you're about to. Enjoy this office while it's still yours. Dexter. What happened?What's wrong? It's paul. I don't know all the details, but he violated florida's three strikes law. He's back in jail. It is truly amazing the things you can do when you put your mind to it. What's so funny,mom? Yeah,why are you laughing? No problem is insurmountable when you have the most accessible evidence locker in miami. Paul did need to go away. This is the police. But death wasn't the answer. Police. Open up. Life in prison will do just fine. For now,at least,the code of harry remains unbroken. Hey,get over here. You're part of this family,too. I need an ambulanceat 1228 caldon street. A guy's been stabbed. Stay with us. Heard they're dropping ice-truck murder charges on neil perry. Yeah,I'm sure he'll be filinga lawsuit any minute now. More shitfor us to deal with. Speaking of which,watch out for reporters out there. They're still waiting ona comment from the captain. So,things still rockyat home? Oh,with rudy? Yeah. I'm not calling until he apologizes. I'm donebeing second choice. Good for you,morgan. Um,if you're notdoing anything tonight, masuka's invited us to the bel canto. For you. It's too late.You blew it. This is the first chanceI've had to talk. I'm too tired to talk. Well,let's go home, fall into bed. Why,rudy? I mean,fucking why? You didn't want to fall into bedthe other night when I laid my heart outon the phone. You wanted to talkto my brother. I was confused. Well,I'm not confused. I know what I want. I was confusedbecause I love you. What I want is very simple and uncomplicated. What did you say? I love you. Don't try to... - fuck. - What? I love you,too. What happenedto your lip? Just,uh...incidentwith a tool at the workshop. Well,let's get you home and take care of it. So,this is doom. I've been the architect of so much of it. It's only fair I should know what all the fuss is about. He left me this room for a reason. Five women gave their blood, their lives for this moment. There's only one way to find out why. Close your eyes,dexter. I want mama. Oh,god. Not in front of my baby! Don't you dare!Not in front of my baby! Close your eyes,dexter.