since I killed my brother.</i> In that entire time, I haven't had a single night to myself.</i> Sergeant Doakes makes sure of that. With Doakes tailing me, my life's been all Jekyll and no Hyde.</i> My brother would be so disappointed. Don't forget: tell the universe what you need. I really need... to kill somebody. I've been waiting a long time for this. What the fuck... I'll be okay. I follow the code. The stalk was good. I'm just a little rusty since killing my brother.</i> Debra can't sleep in an empty house anymore.</i> I guess that's what happens when your fiancé</i> tries to slice you up into small bloodless pieces.</i> Welcome back, Morgan. Thanks. You just gotta look her in the eyes to know she's not right. - Are you that... - What the fuck are you doing? Rita, I'm not doing real good in here, okay? Will you help me? I found the fucking shoe, okay? That's great! I'll call the lawyer in the morning! I'm not gonna let you drag Dexter into this!</i> The prison called. Paul's dead. And I could have helped him. That was his own fault. Was it? What's the matter with you today? Just a little off my game. I'll get it back. Felt like she was asking me something. That's her son. She says she knows who killed him. Some guy named Little Chino. She wants you to find Little Chino and kill him like a dog. Are you willing to testify that Little Chino picked up your son on the night of his death? Come on, don't back down now. I want him to pay. A challenge. A mountain to climb. I need this one. The scene of the failed crime. No better place to try again. I don't normally experience failure.</i> Thirty nine days, twenty two hours, and eighteen minutes since I killed my brother.</i> I am cursed. Two treasure hunters made a ghastly discovery today,</i> when they stumbled on what appears to be an underwater graveyard,</i> in a crevasse, off the coast of Miami. Do you know what that means? There might be a new mass murderer out there, way worse than the Ice Truck Killer. Waiting to exhale(del vo) I'm drifting. I finally get a chance to kill and I can't do it.</i> And a second chance and he gets away. And now all my secrets are floating to the surface.</i> Where is the orderly, controled, effective, Dexter?</i> How did I loose him? How do I find him again? I'm drifting. But not to sleep. A shocking and grusome discovery of the cost of florida yesterday.</i> Police are still searching through mountain of evidence found lying at the bottom of the ocean.</i> Sources say there could be multiple victims...</i> Here I am. Back in the belly of the beast.</i> But how can I solve a crime when I can't even solve what's wrong with me?</i> Yet, duty calls. Eight confirmed. Eight confirmed, here? - Here is just one. - We're talking 8 confirmed victims in the Bay Harbor Butcher. "The Bay Harbor Butcher"? That's what the press is calling where were dumped those bodies of shore. Has a nice ring to it, no? Well, it's a little... lured. - Lured and possibly wrong. Part of me is hopping they found the ice truck killer dumping ground. Tell me about it. Last thing Miami needs is another serial killer. Eva Raines. All she wanted was justice against the 29th St. Kings for whacking her son. - First she is the messenger. - No, she's the god damn message. Death by machete. Again. We got a *bollo* on Little Chino. Gang crash unit, all local patrols after than grabon. Last thing I want is for the cops to bring Little Chino in.</i> He's mine. Why don't you take a picture? Morgan, it will last longer. What would I do without you sergeant? Please signora, *mas dispacio* Please slower... She saying any fucking cops aren't do nothing. - Grand Ma really talk like that? - Not exactly. But you got the point. Right, bitch? Fuck the people don't want our help. Shit, she got a little girl. I know. This stuff never gets to you? I'm more of a crying on the inside kind of guy. Mister Ice Truck Killer look like a god damn artist. Sorry, Morgan. What? I'm so over that. You're just fucking with me. I'm gonna have to put you on hold. Fiancé... *Incarnate*. Couldn't pick a worst time, right? Hey Yasmeth: How about you take off, let me handle this? I couldn't let you do that. I'll write up the report and e-mail it to you for signature. Okay? I want Morgan to report to me first thing in the morning about that bar fight of hers. I owe you. Get in there. There's somebody else, get in there now. Pobrecita. Seeing her mother that way... can you imagine that? I can even go there, Angel. This one's on us, man. If I had kid Chino last night that little girl's mother would still be alive.</i> I gotta find Chino before he finds me. ...bringing to an even dozen the number of bodies found off-shore.</i> I have to focus. Tune everything out. So far, authorities have no clue as to who that criminal...</i> If I don't, being linked to my beautiful bodies at work</i> will be the least of my worries. Shit! Little Chino. He was out there. Timing could be better. That, plus I don't have my tools, but... It does give me the chance to tie up one mess of loose end.</i> That's you, sergeant. Who else you got following you? Apparently no one. Go ahead. Try it. I've been waiting. In this neighborhood? It's full of crazies. I'd lock my doors. Bathroom's all yours. It kind of always was. We ran out of glasses? - Clean ones. - Come here a sec'. I found a couple of places on Craigslist that you should check out. Two bedrooms, two baths, limited water views... - It has its own gym. - I hate it. Alright. One bedroom, one bath, art deco building? Shitty neighborhood. It gets morning sun! - Come on, Deb, give it a chance. - Look, Dex, I appreciate the brotherly love, but I've got the lieutenant in like an hour. See you at the job. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. RITA CALLING (del vo) - Hey you! - Dexter? Astor? Sweetie, what's the matter? Mum's acting all weird and stuff. What kind of weird? She keeps talking to people on the phone about my dad, then she starts yelling at them. Then, she yells at me and Cody. I'm on my way. No. Calm is what I was 35 minutes ago. Pissed is what I am now. Hey! Who wants Eggos? I got blueberry or chocolate. Or both. - Both. - I don't care. Assholes! They did everything but help. Which assholes were you talking to? Funeral home assholes. You're having a funeral for Paul? Not for Paul. For the kids. For me. We had this old insurance policy. It's about five thousands, but it should cover everything. You know, the county will bury Paul for free. I mean... He wasn't even your husband. Any more. Technically. Then, you could use the insurance money for a starter scholarship for the kids. Dexter, I didn't ask for your help or your advice. I'll never understand how people deal with death.</i> What they can't just... put it in its place. Now, I have to find someone who knows I'm looking for him.</i> Not exactly ideal in the element of surprise department,</i> and I have to find a new way to dispose of Little Chino's body.</i> If I can close the deal, this time... You totally douched me in there. You clocked a guy in a bar, who touched your arm. Yeah, I told the lieutenant you weren't ready for active duty. Well, thank you for the fucking vote of confidence. Nice. 13! Confirmed. You know, buzz in the halls is that the Feds are coming in on the Bay Harbor bodies. Well, that figures. FBI does all the heavy lifting, Captain Matthews takes all the credit. Nice political move - when you're buckin' for deputy chief. - Any idea who the FBI's sendin'? - Some guy named Landy. - Frank Landy? He's a rock star. The Green River killer and the DC sniper? The case was impossible, he broke it. We're damage goods around here, but you... You should do whatever you can to get on Landy's task force. It's a career maker. Just visualize that door of opportunity just opening up wide for you. And just walk right through it. Angel, you keep up with this whoo-hoo shit, I'll walk right through you. Little Chino... Shit! This guy is officialy the highest point in all Florida.</i> But what's he doin' here? People tell me you're lookin' for my client. People tell you right. Fuck, he's big! The harder they fall... That come with the story? Cut myself shaving. Well, you should be more careful. Amigo My client's been repeatedly harassed by this department. - Frankly we considering... - Cut the shit, Raul. There was another murder in East Kendle yesterday and my client...</i> Word on the pavement is you're lookin' for me regarding this... - Tragedy. - You bet your ass, we are. The victim was the mother of one of your compadres who we know you killed. - But can't prove. Right, Officer? - It's "Detective". - And can't prove <i>yet</i>. - Show 'em the disc. Time-stamp has this at yesterday afternoon. - Same time as... - Eva Raine's TOD. That's bullshit. Anyone can reset a time-stamp. Check it out. Yesterday's paper. That arrogant prick. He knew we'd peg him for Elena's murder so... he covered his ass, had someone else do the deed. - That makes him an accomplice, right? - Not without evidence. Cut him loose. Red Rover, Red Rover send Chino back over.</i> Dex, check this out. Thirteen and counting. They're so swamped up there, they had to bring in outside talent. Which would be <i>moi</i>. Bet this guy never expected his work to see the lighta day. I bet you're right. Still it can't be easy to hide a body now-a-days. 265s You shittin' me? Hypothetical: you're the Bay Harbor Butcher. How do you make sure disposed body stays disposed? Tons of options: Everglades, alligators... pig farms, sulfuric acid, wood chipper, incinerator. Hell! Even meat pies. The mind boggles. Don't all those run the risk of contact with the outside world? You got a better idea? And that's the problem. Where do I put Chino when I'm done with him?</i> Captain's comin' up with that FBI guy. He's got a fuckin' entourage. So this is the man who stands between me and death row. Listen up, everyone. Briefing room in 2 minutes for show and tell. All right. The Bay Harbor Butcher case is now a Miami Metro case. And it is shaping up to be the biggest one in our history. Now it's fourteen confirmed. The FBI has sent over their top man, Special Agent Frank Landy to help solve this crime. Now... This will not be a jurisdictional circle jerk. This will be a shining exemple of two agencies working together for the public good. Agent Landy... Hello, everyone. There is no such thing as the perfect crime. Not in my experience anyway. With your help, and with the mistakes this person has made... and will eventually make, we'll find whoever did this aweful thing. I need everyone in every department up to speed on what we're doing. While I review your files and put our task force together. So, let's get a jump start on the Bay Harbor Butcher. A moniker which by the way repulses me. Well, we have something in common. Someone get the lights? First report from the field had these parts as comin' - from one body. - <i>Actually it's two.</i> Actually it's two. There has been speculation that this human harvest might be connected to a case you've recently solved. But there are several inconsistencies between the two sets of body parts. Gender, exsanguination... specific methods of dissection. Not to mention my guys deserved it. The evidence just isn't there to piggy-back this onto the Ice Truck Killer. We're looking for a different suspect. All information regarding this case... Miss me, brother? I can't afford to lose it like this. Not with Special Agent Rock Star on my case.</i> I need to clear the decks. And my head. I'm coming for you tonight, Little Chino. And this time there won't be any screw ups.</i> You just slam in your CO2 cartridge here. Put in your tranq dart and let it rip. Wham bam lights fucking out. So gators givin' you trouble, Dex? They... ate my puppy. This sucker... You load her up right should take down the goddamn grizzly. You may have to get closer than you like. She'll do the job, I promise you that. So which'll be? Both. Excellent. First time? Sort of. Yeah, I been boxing since I was 10. - Tough neighborhood? - Tough family. And those were just my sisters. Want some help? I'm doin' enough damage on my own. Is that a yes or a no? That was a yes. It sounded like a no, but... Good answer. First... we need to wrap your wrists. So you don't hurt yourself again. I'm sorry. You scared the shit outta me. How you doin'? How am I doin'? I saw the man I thought I loved. No, did love. Up on some goddamn screen. With a gallery full of women he murdered and cut into pieces. Don't. You fuckin' asked. So how am I doin'? I'm just fine. I might be playing fast and loose with my father's code, but I don't think Harry would disapprove.</i> Considering... Attaboy, Chino. A little closer. Come on, don't get the shakes now. This is no time for performance anxiety. I've been waitin' for you. Take him. He's there. I don't know. I don't know where the fuck he is. Come out, come out whereever you are, <i>cabr n. We'll be out here all night long if we have to. You find him, okay? What the hell is wrong with me? Someone's coming. It's okay, I got you. - Please don't hurt us! - Oh, my God! What the fuck is this? Dexter, don't leave me! Biney! - Don't leave me! - Get in there! Please, don't leave me! - Somebody else get in there now! - Biney! Wait! Don't leave me! Bryan... My brother. Come on, somebody must've seen somethin'. Seing and talking are 2 different things. Want me to knock out some doors? Or maybe some heads. Sorry, I'm late. What fucking asshole left this here? It's Special Agent Fucking Asshole. - Morgan, right? - We got witnesses to interview. You seen my brother? Excuse me, sir. You have a minute? Or three. Good tea takes time. What's up, Sergeant? It's about your task force. I think I can bring something to it, sir. I've looked into your jacket, sergeant. You've done some fine work here, in Homicide. - Miami Metro's lucky to have you. - Thank you, sir... But I don't think you'd be a good fit for my team. I thought you just said I was qualified. I said you've done some fine work in Homicide. Frankly, sergeant, you're more of a leader than a team member. I'm not convinced you play well with others. Can someone clean this shit up? I feel like a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece.</i> And I'm not even sure what the picture should be.</i> I've been calling you for hours. I kinda pulled an all nighter. I called the station. I was off the clock. It's this huge case I'm workin'. It's... It's taking me to places I never thougt I'd go. What? I've been thinking a lot... about Paul's death and how I'm gonna deal with it. - And? -  First of all, I'm not gonna let the county burry him. I'm using the insurance money to give Paul a proper funeral. It's in an hour. Paul was such a... destructive force. Why can't you just put him behind you? It's about saying goodbye. Goodbye to him and the grip he had on my life. It's called moving on. Go clean yourself up. The kids are expecting you. - I'm just gonna make you late. - Dammit, Dexter. I need you there, too. You have no idea what this feels like. Just gimme 10 minutes. Come in. I can't wait to get another door slammed in my face. If I lived in this neighborhood, I wouldn't talk to the cops either. Brave guy like you? It's about survival. These people have families, kids... It's not easy to be talkative when you got the 29th St. Kings playing whack the witness. It just takes one, right? That's it! Put that out into the universe. Alright? Miami Metro! Can we talk to you? Go to hell! Okay, but before we do that, ma'am, can I ask you a few questions? How many is "a few"? Three. But one's a two parter. Go away before I call the police! We are the fucking police! I am talking to no one with language like that! Look at the bright side. - What bright side? - Comically? We're batting a thousand. There's something balancing about that kind of consistency. Goddamn it! Shit! What were you thinking? Were you thinking that you can spray your damn crap on a police car and get away with it? Get off of me, lady! Unless you wanna fuck me like you fucked that Ice Truck guy too! You little deadbeat -- we better get every piece of shit! Please! I'll tell you where the shit is! The drugs and shit! - Please, don't shoot me, miss! - Morgan! If I believed in God, if I believed in sin, this is the place where I'd be sucked straight to hell.</i> If I believed in hell. Come on, Dexter. It's alright. ... hard story of who this man was. Born into innocence, as are all of God's children, are truly the living personification of God through the magic of family. Giving love... it was with his children, that he truly flourished. It was with his children, that he, for all his blemishes, reembraced the perfect innocence. And that was through his children, that once again, God's smiled on Paul Bennett. And now, the family will come forward for a few moments of silent prayer. I hope you find your peace, Paul. Bye, dad. I'm so sorry for your loss. Thank you. Father. I'm not sorry. You're still here. I never left. Yeah, you did. I killed you. You just took my life. So, how do I make you go away? Well, you can try doing what these people are doing. I'm not like them. Now, if it helps, then I can tell you it's not your fault, what you did to me. I never said it was. But you feel it. How do you know that? It's human nature. I'm not human. You're just fucked up. I need to let you go. You think it's as simple as that? Nothing's simple. Does this mean you will be my dad, now? 29th St. Kings? Yeah, we got them. SWAT did a sweep on some auto shop those animals were using as a front. Maybe we didn't get them on murder, but we busted their asses on drugs, weapons and money laundering. Half of them are three strikers, so they're gonna go away forever. Thanks to officer Morgan. Hey, something you should know. Deb pulled her gun on an unarmed boy to get him to give up the gang. Some kid named Joey Nunez. Thanks, Angel. I'll talk to her. I'll give her one thing, though. She's in a motherfucking good shape. Here comes another one. We got Little Chino too? That cocksucker wasn't there. It's too bad. What you got? It's none of your business. Damn Excuse me, Esme. I opened this by mistake. It said lieutenant. No worries. Today, Maria, it is all about the win. I think we really should enjoy this. Stop me if you think I'm speaking out of turn, or above my station, but... We really don't use to department resources around here for personal matters. What are you talking about? Well, let's, for argument's sake, say those phone records belong to your fiancé. It could open a shit ugly can of worms you might not be able to close. Only if someone mentions it. This is me not mentioning it. I'm new at this... This. Not trusting the man that I thought that I loved, and... I really appreciate your support. Hey, Deb. It's me. Again. You're probably at the gym. Again. Look, I got some unfinished business outside the office I'll probably be a little late tonight. I'll catch up with you later. It was simple, really. All I had to do was put myself into the mind of a killer.</i> Hardly a stretch. It was only a matter of time before Little Chino</i> went after Joey Nunez for snitching them out.</i> Here's, hoping I'm back on my game. Trust me, you're not going anywhere this time. Who the fuck are you? That kind of talk is just gonna bring you closer to your victims. Who the hell are you? A cop? 'Cause I was cleared of that bitch! No, maybe you didn't do the deed, but her blood is on your hands. A lot of blood is on your hands. Why do you care about these people? Actually... Fuck! I don't. Why are you doing this to me? I'm not so much doing this to you as I'm doing it for me. What's that? I haven't killed no kid. But you killed most of her. Her mother. Her brother. Her innocence. You leave pain wherever you go. If you kill me, what do you leave behind? A world without you. Look at that, steady as a surgeon. This kill was the first of the loose ends I needed to tie off.</i> I found a newer, safer place to dump my trash.</i> Moving at over 4 miles an hour, the Gulf Stream is one of the world's most powerful deep water currents.</i> This time tomorrow, Little Chino will be north of Palm Beach.</i> After that, it's on to Georgia, South Carolina,</i> North Carolina, until, eventually... Well, let's just say that the North Atlantic is a pretty big place.</i> - Hey, you. - I need to see you. I was just dropping somebody off, can't it wait? No, it can't. Alright, then. A shoe? You want to see me about a shoe? It's Paul shoe. What do we do with it? Paul kept insisting to me that you knocked him over the head. Dragged him to his hotel and shot him with drugs. Sounds like one of his stories, huh? He asked me to look in the yard for his shoe. Finally, I did. - Baby... - Let me finish, Dexter. I didn't have a lot to hope for... until I met you. You gave me something, to believe in, when... I didn't even believe in myself. Maybe I was... Maybe I was so desperate that I looked to the other way. Paul begged me... to help him. And what did I do? I hung up on him. And he was so upset, he got into a prison fight, and he was beaten to death with a pipe. It's not your fault. A part of, it is. A part of me believes that... with all of Paul flaws, he paid the price for my dreams. Did you attack him, Dexter? I'd understand if you did, he attacked me. I hit Paul to protect you and the kids. It's totally an act of impulse. Where did you get the drugs? Stolen from the evidence locker. Wait. Wait. Wait, I mean... First you tell me that you... acted on impulse, and then you tell me that you stole the drugs from your police station? What are you trying to say, that you... planned on acting on impulse? It's all kinda jumbled now... How did you know how to cook the heroin? How did you know what dose to give a big guy like Paul. Oh my God, Oh my God, why didn't I see this? They were your drugs? Now, it makes sense. That's where you disappeared to at all hours of the night like... Clark fucking Kent Look, if there is anything, left between us, you'll answer me this one question and you will tell me the truth. Are you an addict? Yes, I have an addiction. That's good. It's the first step. Admitting you have a problem. We get you into a program. We get you the help you need. And I will be there for you. If the eyes were a window to the soul, then grief is the door... as long as it's closed, it's the barrier between knowing and not knowing.</i> Walk away from it and it stays closed forever.</i> But open it, and walk through it, and pain becomes truth. And now I'm faced with the struggle for my own survival</i> that I always knew was coming. I've been preparing for this my entire life.</i> When all is settle down, Chino, you're the same size as everyone else.</i> Hey Dex, what the fuck? Hang on, I'm coming. It's annoying, isn't it? I'm not taking the bait. - You're up late. - Yeah, just surfing. You go to the gym? Then I was sort of driving around. Around what? Around town. - Because? - Saw some buildings with some "for rent" signs. I'm gonna check them out. Then, "Chez Dexter", can return to its original semi-lived-in-museum-quality-state. - Deb, you don't need to do this. - Yes, I do. You don't need to do this now. And what about the video tours of eligible apartments? Temporary insanity. You sure? No. Get out. Asshole. This way I can take care of my sister the way Harry would have wanted.</i> You really wreak. You right. I smell like a fucking sewer. - <i>For every door that closes...</i> - Fuck. Sorry. ... it was always right there. I had to say goodbye, in order to reconnect</i> with what's really important. With who I was.