-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Dexter Season 1 Episode 7</font> previously on "dexter"... It is my new friend. When he broke into my apartment, he took some time to get to know me my life, my secrets. Same as the others --no blood. Somebody who was herelast night saw something. They got a night watchman, but we can't find him. It's the guard -- tucci. I think he's alive. Taking tucciover to county. Rudy here is gonna put meback together again. Yo,pretty boy,you're stealing my thunder. I don't know. I just might have tofight you for this one. How about you focus onwhether or not he was the man you saw at the old hospitalthat night,mr. Perry? It was difficult to tell.It was dark. Florida prisons kick free 25,000 inmates a year. I search for the ones who think they beat the system, like jeremy downs. Jeremy got off easy. To the coroner,the knife strokes looked random, but I saw the work of a young virtuoso. Are you gonna fuck me,faggot? 'Cause I killedthe last guy who raped me. I understand now. Jeremy didn't murder that boy four years ago. He was taking out the garbage. Wait,is that all? Cirle of Friends The fbi estimates that there are less than 50 serial killers active in the united states today. We don't get together at conventions, share trade secrets,or exchange christmas cards... but sometimes I wonder what it's like for the others. The only sound I hear, the only sound in the entire world... ...is my heart beating. I swear to christ,morgan,after this case, I'm submitting your assfor psychiatric evaluation. I'm just retracingcastoff patterns, directionality angles. Can you tell us what happened here or not? It's an execution. The kid's an honor student, editor of his school yearbook. It's all in the knife work. It's skillful,no wasted motion. The killer had experience. Every strokehit a major artery... or at least came close. Are you getting a god damn hard-on there,morgan? No,it's truly horrific. He was yearbook committee,you said? I want your reporton this tomorrow. I wish I could say sergeant doakes is my biggest problem right now, but he's not. I've seen these wounds before. You're droolingon laguerta's couch. You pullinga midnight shift? Lopez has the trots. Why are you still here? Why not? Nothing at home except an emptyfridge and an empty bed. If I wasn't marriedand 10 years younger... I'd still be in high school.Keep dreaming. Wiseass. I've been chasing leadson the ice-truck killer. Pathetic long shots,mostly. Yeah?What kind of leads? I looked at the research. With mass murderers, it's dumbshit that trips them up. Son of sam got a parking ticket outside his own crime scene. So you ranparking violations at the crime scenesof our guy? Smart. Yeah,but none of the registere downers had criminal records. Try "moving violations." Timothy mcveigh drove waytoo fast on the way out of town. Neil perry --I know that name. Yeah,he came forwardas a witness two weeks ago when pieces of tony tucciwere showing up around town. He rode through a stop sign two blocksfrom the third crime scene at the seven seas motel. Why woulda voluntary witness be at two separatecrime scenes? I don't know. Maybe he waschopping up hookers. Holy mother of fuck,is this him? Let's find out. Are you surethis is the right address? According to dmv,this is where perry lives. With his seven inbred cousins,by the look of it. Somethinghas got to be wrong with somebody that can livein a steel box. Aluminum,actually. Nina and I hada deluxe multisectional. - For real? - It was our starter home. This is our car. One of the victimswas seen getting in a wood-paneled station wagon on the night of her death. Let's take one step at a time.Let's find our guy. According to his files, he works as a computer analystfor miami lake. Look up...slowly. All right,take the front door. Cover all the exits. - I'm going to the back. - ok Open up,perry!It's the police! Open up,perry!Police! Open up,perry! Open the door! Hey,angel,I got him! Wait!Stop running,perry! Get the fuck down! Fuck! I knew I recognized the knife work of the killer. Jeremy downs. I had him. He was mine... until I found out the boy jeremy killed raped him... ******* so I let jeremy go. It seemed fair. But my random act of kindness was misguided. If I had followed my instincts, this boy's high-school yearbook would still have an editor. the task force will tear apartthe house for any evidence that links neil perryto the ice-truck murders. We need proof this time, people -- tangible proof. What is it? They really foundthe ice-truck killer? I did. Yes,yes.We will financially guaranteeex tradition from anywhere. James? Yeah,I'm on it,lieutenant. I'll run the task force. actuly I need you and pullman to stay with the knife victimin the alley. His parentsare high-profile. Hi, Whatever you need. Angel... you found perry. You run the task force. Contact the fugitive'sfriends,family, co-workers,coke dealer anybody who might tryto hide him. You want usto circulate his photo? In neighborhoods only. Keep it away from the media. This case stays low-profile. The last thing I need is anothertony tucci on my hands. Anything else,lieutenant? Yes --choose task-force members who can puttheir regular duties aside and bust ass untilneil perry's apprehended. - Okay - Okay,that's all.Thank you. Do you really thinkthis is the guy? It's all lining up. I saw him,dex.I chased him. Debra morgan. Get over here.You're on the team. - Do you hear that? I'm on the team. - yeah Do you think we get hats? Hardly looks a guycapable of terrorizing miami. A science camp,maybe. I'm off.I'll keep you in the loop. Where's my blood report,sparky I'm on it,sergeant. How you doing,mrs. Bennett? Hey,charlie.Where are the kids? Your husband swung bya few minutes ago. He didn't tell you? I never seen codylight up like that before. Big treat --the old man coming down. Wait,wait. Wait.Paul? Yeah.He just picked up the kids. You gave my childrento paul? Are you stupid? I told the administrative officethat cody and astor are not to be releasedinto his custody! Well,nobody told me. He just got outof fucking jail! Everyone,follow strict,sterile protocol. There will be no contamination of my crime scene. Bag anything that could be used to murder or disposeof a human body. That's pretty mucheverything in here,boss. Except this. He's a sick fuck. Some might say that. To others,crypto-taxidermy is a fine art. I got a mummifiedchupacabra at home. Can I have permissionto run masuka's prints as the ice-truck killer? No need for that. I'll give yousome warm dna right now. God,you're gross. I didn't hear that. Detective,I found something. An archive of hidden files. A lot of how-to documents -- draining blood from cattle, wartime amputation techniques. "Butcheringthe human carcass"? There's even an article about countries thatdon't extradite to the U.S. We got this fucker. We got jack shit,morgan. Everything in hereis circumstantial. We needsome hard evidence. Hey,I'm not donelooking yet. Are you? The school had no rightto release my children to paul. - No,they didn'T. - He lost his custody rights right around the time my headhit the living room wall. I would think so. I-I should be outlooking for my kids. Rita,the best thingyou could do for the kids is stay herein case he tries to call. What if he doesn't? I mean,what if he kidnapped them to get back at mefor putting him in jail? Dexter,I -- Hi. Astor! Mom,look -- it's dad.He came home. Yeah. What,you think I wasgonna move to the moon? Stop it.Just stop. Do you know I called the police? Why? I told you I was taking them to the carnival. No,you didn'T. Rita,I called youat the hotel. They saidyou were on a break, so I left a message withthe info and my cell number. Uh,hi.How are you? I'm paul bennett,father on parole. Uh,dexter morgan. Uh,I can't thinkof anything clever to say. Paul,this is unacceptable. I-I have custody. You can't just take themwithout my permission. I cameto see my babies. I missed them,rita. I missed a lot of things. I should phone the station, call off the dogs. Dexter,look --my dad's home. Yeah,I see that,buddy. Hey,angel. You're the experton manufactured living. This closet looka little small to you? A little. Sweet. I've gotnewspaper articles. "Dismembered bodyfound in a pool." "Ice-truck killerappalls miami." This is a recordof everything he's ever done. I got photos. - Did we release those photosto the press? - No. - Did he take them himself? - He had to. - Did we just hitthe mother lode? - No. We hit the motherfuckingmother lode. Oh,my god the evidence just keep spiling up at the mobile home. I just authorized an excavation of the back patio. I think there's somethingburied there. What are we doingto find neil perry? I put his name in the automated system and notified e fbi. Airports on alert? Airports,train stations,bus lines. We should trackhis credit cards. Already done,along with A.T.M.Sand bank accounts. I also put a tapon his home phone. Seems you thoughtof everything. It seems that way. - Look,maria - no need to apologize. I don't require your approvalto do my job. I know that. I've been kicking your ass 'cause I knewyou had this in you. Well,thank you for making me the woman I am today. I love you to everything. I love youto everything,too. He's not gonnahit you anymore. He told me at the carnival. I made him promise. Thank you,baby. I haven't had time to process as much as the kids. I mean,paul was supposed to belocked up for another year. Cody seemsto be processing okay. Cody's too young. A dad's just a concept to him,not a person. But astor -- she remembers what he put us through. Well,at leastyou're not married anymore. That's just it. Technically,we are. When paul went to prison, I started divorce proceedings, but he refusedto sign the paperwork. As a power play? I don't think so. I think for all the darkness that haunts him, paul loves having a family. I think he's just afraidto let go. When did youfirst notice it? This darknessinside the guy you fell for. I always knewit was there. I guess I just didn't thinkI deserved better... till I met you. I have a dark side,too. What? I do. Somehow I doubt that. You have a good heart,dexter. You're not like paul. You don't hurt people. Innocent people. I don't hurtinnocent people. Hey,dude,the bowling alley'saround the corner. Hey,I'm lookingfor jeremy downs. Jeremy? He vacatedthe premises! Focus. I'm trying to find jeremy. Oh,I get it. Look,man,I'm not reallyinto that homo shit, but I'm kind of shorton money for weed, so I guess I'll do it for lessthan jeremy's charging. Wait.What does jeremy charge? Jeremy's selling himself? I mean,he's always hanging outwith the brokeback boys down at flamingo park. Comes backwith fistfuls of cash. It's me. Get your ass overto neil perry's place. You're gonnawant to see this. Deb,it's my day off. Just get your ass over here. We're about to bust open the goods on the ice-truck killer. Not what I expected. So lifelike. Hey,dex. I thoughtyou'd want to be here. Something's buried down there. Masuka's been digging all night. I hate to break thisto you,deb, but you know you've got the wrong guy here,right? The ice-truck killer drains the blood from his victims, freezes their bodies, and only then severstheir limbs. It's clean and efficient his psychological signature. Neil perry,on the other hand,stuffs roadkill. Yeah,and turns it into fucked-up fantasy shit. But the fantasiesare all wrong. The guy we're looking for wouldn't turn dead, dirty things into living cartoons. He'd find that pathetic. How do you know? Because it is pathetic. Deb,trust me. Neil perry is not a killer. He's a dabbler.He's a waste of time. If the guy we're looking for took his early fantasies outon animals, he'd bury them. ************* And want aboutan early human kill? Wod he bury that,too? Sure. Probably. En turn around. You were saying? It looks likean adult female. Any idea how longthe body's been down there? Based on decomposition, she's been tits upfor two, maybe three years. We'll know moreafter the autopsy. What happened to the limbs? Did they rot off? No. They're clean cuts. But he didn't chop upthe whole body. This could beperry's first kill, like he was experimenting. You're the expert,dex. What do you thk? Sure. Sounds good. Actually,it sounds perfectly awful. For weeks,I've felt like a student in a master class. Is it really possible that the master's on the run? And even more tragic, does he live in a double-wide? The gravitrongoes so fast,mom. My dad took me on itthree times. Wow.Is that so? All right,let mecut you guys up some fruit. Astor wouldn't go.She was afraid. So what?I don't like fast rides. Hello? - Who wants doughnuts? - I do. Paul,you can't just walk in here whenever you want. You don't live hereanymore. Oh. Sorry about that.Old habits. I'll ring the doorbellnext time. I got these for you. All right. I'll just put them in,uh,something. Dad,can I havea doughnut? You got it,buddy.Coming up. What,n-now you're making me out mto be the bad guy? They haven'thad breakfast yet. You know what? Kidlet, my bad.Sorry about that. These doughnutsare for after school. But I could whip up some eggs and pancakes. - Paul! - Very little syrup,I promise. - And meat.You into neat? - Uh-huh. I like meat on my feet. It's real squishy. Paul. You can't do thisanymore,paul. What?! What?! Help raise my kids?! Yes,I can.That's my job. All right,look. I-I can't evenbegin to understand how difficult this has beenfor you, rita, being a single mom,okay? A-and for that,I-I'm eternally sorry. I let you down. I let everybody down. But if I could justfind that frying pan. Astor... want to help mefind the frying pan? We got a profile of neil perry. He's a computer expert. I.Q. -- Off the chart. He's a loner,no priors. His father split when he was 6. His motherwas an alcoholic,abusive, and possibly his first victim. Roberta perry. Dental records say she was the one under the patio. Now,neil kept her death quiet by cashing her social-security checks for the last twyears, but he did not kill her for the money. Morgan? We think he wanted release. Roberta perryran her son's life, controlled him,beat him as a kid. We think he dreamtabout killing her for years. I just spoke with perry's cellphone provider. Can they track his location? No signal, he probably turned off his phone. But,according to records, he used it on some of the nights the ice-truck killer victimswere taken. Who did he call? Voice mail,mostly,checking messages. Verizon triangulatedthe location. All the calls camefrom the same place -- a six-block areaon southwest 8th street. yeah,The tamiami trail. That strip'sfull of no-tell motels. It's like a happyhunting ground for hookers. There's a good chance that's where he's killing his victims. Let's recanvass the areafor leads. Now that we've gota photo of this guy, maybe we can find somebodywho actually saw him. Let's go. You're startingto look like her. Want to stop by your house, check in with the family? I'd rather check inwith your brother. His instincts are usually pretty good on this stuff. Yeah,not today.He'd just piss on our parade. He needs his day off. The first time I saw his work, I felt like a spanish explorer landing of the shores of the new world. No blood in the victims, no spatter,no stain. Deb is wrong about him. It's okay. Hell,I've made mistakes. In fact,I'm about to correct a big one right now. Jeremy downs. Hey,you want company? Just keep walkingand looking ahead. There's some mangrovesover by the lake. We can go in there. It's too public.My car's in the parking lot. Are your windows tinted? I said,"eyes front." What's wrong? Shit. Shit. Get the fuck out of my way! Take it easy,jeremy! Stay right there! Take him down!Take him down! Hands behind your back. Stand up!Stand up! Pink motel Miami metro P.D. Can we have a minute? Yeah. This guy look familiar? I don't know. They come. They go.You get it? They "come." Look,my feet are aching from pounding the pavement. You thinkyou could help us out? What's your name? Laline consuelo garci* gixez. Laline... oxzghte del hombre que le dicen el ice-truck killer? S? Puede ser el. So let's try this again. Have you seen this man? He's a regular. Rents a roomby the month -- cash. When was the last timehe was here? He's here now. He brought a girl to his roomthis morning. A working girl? A hooker? - who has to guess - What's the room number? 20. Here's the master. Call for backup. Let's hope this girlis still alive. Do we wait for tactical? yeah, Not with a possible victimin there. Clear. It's okay. We're here now.You're safe. Please get me out hurry, before he comes back! Where is he? Please,I want to get out! Where was he going? The liquor store.He said he's coming right back. What? Hey,where's doakes? He paged me. We need your reportfrom that kid in the alley. But it's my day off. I was just at don shula'sfamous golf course. Did you finishyour report or not? Yeah,it's in my lab. Wait. I'm on to you. Excuse me? Your crazy-ass,knife-slashing two-step in the alley. You were right. You said the killerhad previous experience. He did. Oh. Really? Masuka lifted a printfrom the alley that matched a kidfrom juvie. Cut up a victim five years ago. Same knife technique. We just grabbed himat flamin go park. Great work,sergeant. Yeah.Your instincts were dead-on. They're always dead-onwhen it comes to killers. Why is that? I'll just go getthat report. I'm watching you. Miss me? Police.On the ground. Get down slowly. Now the day is over night is drawing nigh get down! The shadows of the evening steal across the sky I said get the fuck down! Now the darkness gathers facedown ,let's go! birds and beasts and flowers soon will be asleep what else do you want to put in the concoction? Gummi bears. How do you two plan to eat that,spread it on toast? It alreadyhas toast in it. Sot does. Keep mashing.I'll get the door. Oh.Hey,there,big guy. Uh,dexter,right? Paul,hi.Rita's not here. Oh,that's okay.I'm actually here for the kids. I came to dazzle them with my booty. This booty. This is awkward. I'm afraid I'm not comfortable letting you inside the housewithout rita here. Who are you,anyway, like,the babysitter? I'm watching the kidsright now, so I suppose that makes me the baby sitter. Are you fucking my wife? I'll let rita knowyou stopped by. Or I could just walk in.It's my house. I own this place. I bet she didn't tell you that,did she? Homeowner issuesare way over my head. I should probablyjust call the police, let them sort this out. - Is that it? - Yeah. Yeah,why don't yougive those presents to my little bucketsof sunshine, tell rita she can reach meat the motor court? Okay. He might be a crack-addled, wife-abusing yahoo, but he refuses to abandon his kids. I'm not sure that's a good thing. Take him on in.I'll be right there. You got it. Congratulations. You just brought downthe most notorious serial killer in florida history. Fucking "A."He's in booking right now. It sucksyou weren't a part of this. I mean,you and me -- we pavedthe way for this,right? I'm cool.I've got my own bad guy. Listen,I just picked up a message from tony tucci. Our favoritefun-loving amputee's getting out of the hospital. There's a party tonight. - No,thanks. - I don't want to go,either. But the guy lost body parts, and we get to tell himwe caught the guy. come on, What else you got going on? Wouldn't you like to know? There will be hookers there. All right.Fine,mr. Grumpy head. Have it your way. Did he threaten you? No.Nothing like that. He was justmarking his territory. Fucking bastard. Only you could make those words cute. Stop it. Paul said he owns this house. Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. He had it before we met. I think he got it in a drug trade. Dex,what am I gonna do? I'd startby getting a divorce. God,this is such a mess, and I've dragged you into it. There,there. I just wish... I just wish he'd go away. Why can't he just go away and disappear forever? He can do that very easily. Fuck. - We...we need to talk. - Yeah. Just let me grab my heart up off the fucking floor. Holy fuck,rita.Whew. Come on in. Uh,no. No,I-I'm good right here. Aw,come on. Don't be that way.Come on in. I got a six-pack chilling in the cooler. No. No more. What? No more surprise visits to the house, no more intimidatingmy friends, and especiallyno more disney dad. You lost your rightto be a father when you beatyour children's mother. If you want to get to know a stor and cody, you're gonna have to work for that privilege. Whoa,whoa,babe,can I get a word in here? No. Divorce papers. They're the ones you refused to sign in prison. Sign them now, and I'll agree to supervisedvisits twice a week. Show me you can do that for six months,and then maybe -- maybe -- I'll think about a nonsupervised schedule. Is this some kindof joke,rita? You think you can really make me back down? No,I don'T. But what elseam I gonna do,paul? A judge put me in control. I'm in control now, and I have the power to make sure you never seeyour children again unless you doexactly as I tell you. Goddamn,you are fine when you're mad. I love the new you. I do.My ass is yours to kick. I deserve it.Here -- look. Rita,I'm a changed man, and I swear to god -- I am going to prove it to you. All right. There she is. Anybodybring any popcorn? You got him. Both of them. Where's perry's lawyer? He waived the right. I can't hear a thing. Who's got the remote? There they are my two colleagues... technically speaking. Thankfully,one of them's a fraud. Because you assume that. So you can assumeI killed them. You can assume anything that you want. The doeris merely a fiction that's added to the deed --the deed. The deed is everything. At least I hope he's a fraud. Here's to my new hand. Some say bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid. But I've worked with a lot of amputees,and I got to say -- I don't thinktony knew he was afraid. Here's to one crazy bastard. Kiss my atrophied ass. Now for the main event. Medical marijuana? You wish. Can you,uh,help me out here,rudy? Look at that shit. Half human,half machine. But all man,baby. May I have this dance? Hey,buddy,you might havea chance with me,after all. Oh,don't worry. There's still plenty enoughof me to go around. So,you madethat hand and foot? You did a good thing. Tony lost a piece of himself, and I helped him find it. I mean,how often in life do you get to make someone whole? I wouldn't know. It's like living art --what you do. It's funnyyou should say that, because beforeI turned to prosthetics, I,uh,studiedthe human form at the university of paris --sorbonne. - Really? - Yeah. Have you had dinner yet? I would love to. Uh,I thought I'd come and show my support. Bad timing? No. No. Um,have some champagne,sergeant. See,we got blogs. We got podcasts. You know, the information won't stop. It comes into your headand bleeds out your eyes, and it's all crap,you know? See,you got to darefor greatness these days to get people's attention. Did I get yours? This is worse than foreplay. Why doesn't she ask himany questions? I have no ideawhat she's doing, but my patienceis wearing thin. I gave jeremy a chance, and he blew it. Is this one going to disappoint me,too? That's an interesting interview technique. I'm tiredof asking questions. You're getting off on this too fucking much. - Getting off on what? - The game. I'm guessing that's why you didn't request a lawyer -- so you can sit here and say whatever shitcomes into your head. Meanwhile,my assis spreading like cheez whiz, waiting for you to figure out this isn't the fun part. What are youtalking about? We got you dead to rights. But the good timeswon't start rolling till you're in a courtroom with your ownpersonal judge ito and court tvcarrying your scary-ass scowls and crazy-shit live. Fascination with serial killersis an american pastime. You've got groupie housewives, magazine profiles, maybe even a summerblockbuster movie... all waiting for you. But the feeding frenzy won't start till you throw out the chum. Until then,I'm just gonna chill. You're right. Yeah.Is isn't the fun part. The fun part... was hanging themlike cattle. Hanging who? The hookers... right before I cut their throats. Son of a bitch. I used gravity rootsto hang them upside down to drain the blood. Then... That shit is privileged. The press nevergot ahold of that. ...I'd pour in liquid nitrogento freeze the blood before I cut them into nice, - clean pieces. - Yes. See,you got to understand --I-I hate blood. And there it is -- all the expectations I had, all the promises of greatness wiped out. My circle of friends is down to one. How -- what are youdoing here? Are you a cop? The cameras are off. I ve one minute. Tell me why.I need to know. - Why what? - Don't! You killed again. I told you£¬I warned you don't kill anyonewho doesn't deserve to die. Why did you do it? To feel something different. Different than what? What do you normally feel? Nothing. Fucking nothing at all. I hate every fucking god damn second of it. I can't stand it -- living my life in my head. Does killingmake it better? No. Worse. Fucking worse than ever. Put your handson the table. Do it. I'm a lot like you,you know? Yeah,right.You're a killer? I'm empty... but I found a way to make it feel less bottomless. How? Pretend. You pretend the feeling sare there for the world and for the peoplearound you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be. What the hell are you doing,morgan? I'm scraping under the nails for blood. Get out. I want 10 more minuteswith this piece of shit before his lawyer shows. Stand up! Living my life in my head -- I know exactly what jeremy means. At least I had someone to talk to -- harry,my foster father. He spent endless hours teaching me how to survive. Excuse me,are you jeremy downs' lawyer? Yes,I am. I'm just heading over to see him. Sooner would be better. - Seriously. - Thank you. My mom died when I was 16 --cancer -- and then it was just me,my brother,my dad. - You have a brother? - Yeah. Dexter. He and my dadwere really tight. They were always spending time together. I guess I was jealous. What,you mean you weren't daddy's little girl? No,I was,kind of. He just took a special interest in dex,you know? I think that's whyI became a cop. That's what he was. I thought maybe he would give me more attention or something. And did he? Not really... but we had our moments. What about you? How'd you become... captain hook? Well,when I was little, my mom got in a car accident, and she lost both her legs. That's terrible. I rememberwhen it happened, I just wanted to put herback together... you know,like humpty-dumpty, just the pieces weren't around. I'm going to miss my playmate. Sure,there's rita and the kids, but they don't know the real me. They can never know the real me. And now the father is back. Things have changed. Everything has changed. I always prided myself on being an outsider, but now... I feel the need to connect with someone. I saw myself in jeremy... but instead of helping him like harry helped me, I gave him a piece of fortune-cookie advice that he never even heard. I failed him. He deserves better... and he'll get it from now on. I guess I was wrong. Jeremy did hear my advice. He killed someone who deserves to die. What's the statuson perry? I'm having him transferredright now. The D.A. Wants to keep himat county, pending arraignment. Maria,it wasyour decision making that led to his captureand arrest, and you madeall our lives easier by getting the bastardto confess. I'm just doing my job. It feels good to bepraising your police work instead of your politicsfor a change. We need to makean official comment. Don't worry.I'll keep it short. I'm just heading downstairs now for the press conference. The press conferenceis over. Oh,and,uh,don't worry. I kept it short. You got to be fucking kidding me. That was my bust. This is my department. Did you at leastgive me credit? Yes.I just gave it to you. Haven't you been listening? Ever since harry's death,I've been alone... but now,for the first time... I feel alone. How long you need with the prisoner? As long as I can get. Jeremy is gone, and neil perry will soon vanish into the catacombs of the system. I have so many questions for him. How did he discover my secrets? What was his message to me? He's been in my home, my photos...my life. He knows me. Now I need to know him... to connect face-to-face before he's beyond my reach forever. Hi. Who the fuck are you? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-