Will, you're in here? We're still waiting for a report on casualties and details are hard to come by,</i> - but police are not ruling out... - Jay! Two men were seen fleeing the scene. - Thank you, Heather. - She's talking about us. Your call cannot be completed as dialed...</i> - She's talking about us, Jay! - I know, Tyler! I think I'm gonna puke. - Where the hell is Will? - He's dead! We don't know that. - He was in there! - We don't know that! We haven't done anything wrong. So let's just take a breath and go to the police, okay? They can handle this. - A guide book. - Guide book? Jack Kerouac wrote the great American novel in less than 3 weeks. The guy didn't need to invent the adventures of Dean Moriarty and Sal Paradise. He lived them. They teach that at chemical engineering? I'm not a chemical engineer for the next two months. And you are not a venture capitalist. And you are definitely not a lawyer. For the next two months, we are professional vagabonds, Moriarty and Paradise, living between the East of our youth... - and the West of our future. - Exactly. - That's from the book. - Yeah. Right. I know. Well, looks like it's time to say goodbye to the Castle. Shotgun! You suck! Every damn time... What, are we 12 years old or what? Come on. We're good. Quit playing games. Welcome to New York. You booked us here? It's our last night to live like kings. After this, it's all motels and camps all the way - to San Francisco. - Catch! You guys check in. I'm gonna go park the car. They've got valet. I know a garage in 51st. It's half the price. I'll meet you guys up in the room. Are you gentlemen in town for business or pleasure? Definitely pleasure. You're on a road trip? I can tell by the bags. I like to guess where folks are headed based on their luggage. - It's a cool trick. - Yep. And we plan to start this trip off with a bang. So, if you could arrange a limo for us this evening, we'd be in your debt. Of course, sir. Concierge will have a car waiting. Thanks. You don't have to pay for everything on this trip. We said Will would be in charge of planning, I would cover major expenses and you will keep us out of trouble. Of the three.... I'd say you have the hardest job. Wake up, Jay! It's just the beginning. Suit yourselves, ladies. Go ahead. Hey, act like you're having fun. You take that thing everywhere on this trip? You'll thank me for this someday. Excuse me. Ladies, we didn't come to the most exclusive club in Manhattan for you to play wallflower, ok? Now, I've got 3 interns from Vogue over there looking for dance partners. But if we don't act fast, they'll gonna be taken off the market. Hey man, some of us have girlfriends. No. You, Jay, have a girlfriend, but if you take advantage of your time with me tonight, We might just make that girlfriends. Careful Tyler! Give it back, man. Hey, hon, Jay will call you back... in like 2 months. - Why? - I'm just looking out for you. We'll be there in a minute. One minute. I'll be waiting. It's the 3rd time she's called you tonight. Doesn't want you to go? She's not the only one having second thoughts. Got to see the world before you can change it, right? Yeah, I've also to pay 80,000 in loans, too. Jay, come on, look. You're doing the right thing, here. A trip like this, you take time to step off the path and really see what makes this country tick. It'll change your life. - Alright? - Alright. Good. Now, you do whatever damage control you need to do, and you come out here and get your groove on. Can I see that move again? - It's call fun. - You are so horribly white. Wake up call! Rise and shine, we've got a lot to do today. If you're done, I've an unforgettable way to start our trip. Will, can I just say how proud of you I am right now? Rumor is Kerouac streaked this place back in 47 as a "screw you" to New York establishment. This is genius. My grandma used to drag me here like once a month. I figure we race from the top, whoever gets out first doesn't drive till Chicago. Like that med-school prank? It was 2 years ago. Here we go again. Look, you said it was my job to keep us out of trouble, all right? Things are a little different now. We're not in grad school anymore. Jay, it's a prank. So what if we get in a little bit of trouble? Tyler, there's a difference between getting hired by a major law firm and going to work for your dad. You know what, Jay? Wake up. Cause that law firm is gonna run your life in about 2 months. And this trip is your last chance to actually have a little bit of fun. No, and actually do something memorable. If we do this thing, we're gonna do it together, we said that from day one in this trip. - So you're putting this on me, now. - If you're out, we all are. I win, Tyler keeps his mouth shut about Kim for the rest of the trip. Oh, it is on, my friend, it is on! Let's go! Ladies and gentlemen, the special Docents tour will be beginning in five minutes.</i> I haven't done this since hockey season. Don't make excuses. It's like riding a bike. OK. You guys head down first, I'll be right behind you taping the whole thing. And if we get split up? We meet outside North/East corner. Amen. Good luck. Sorry. What happened, man? - Where is Will? - You two! Hold it! - Go. Let's go! - <i>Attention, this is a fire alarm.</i> Please follow a docent or a security guard to the nearest exit.</i> No, you can't do that in here! Coming through! Thank you, thank you guys! Sorry! - This was not bad. - Not bad! By the way, you're driving to Chi-town. - No, there was blatant interference. - I was first to the door. - Calling Will? - Yeah. Did you get out? - Did you get out? - Yeah, we're at the corner. Where are you? - I'm sorry I had to do this. - Do what? President Shears personal art collection</i> was on display at the Drexler. It may have been the bomb's target. New York's counterterrorism units are taking no chances.</i> All public transportation has been suspended.</i> The East wing of New York's oldest Art Museum is still burning.</i> 3 guards have been rushed to Bellevue Hospital and are in critical condition.</i> - <i>But no fatalities...</i> - All of Will's stuff is gone! I mean there's no way he could have beaten us back here. ... it clearly shows 2 men fleeing the museum.</i> They appear to be using rollerblades. The suspects are Caucasian, in their late 20s.</i> The authorities are asking anyone with information</i> to call the city's terrorism hot line. They're calling us terrorists, now! The Drexler is an invaluable part of this city...</i> - What are you doing? - Get changed. - My dad had a great lawyer downtown. - We got a lawyer right here. - A real lawyer! - I'm a real lawyer! Stop pretending this is not happening, Jay! Will apologized right before the museum exploded. By the time we get back here, all of his stuff is gone and our faces are on TV? What are you trying to say? Do you think Will framed us for this? There's no reason that our best friend, a guy we lived with for 2 years would do this! Well, I'll be happy to ask him what he was thinking, but he's not here, now, is he? Then we call the cops and let them look for him. Come on! This is Will we're talking about! This is special agent in charge Fred Chambers. I understand I'm speaking with one of the men from the Drexler museum video. Yes. This is Jay Burchell. I'm sorry, who am I talking to?</i> Start the work up. Thank you for calling, Mr. Burchell. You're doing the right thing by contacting us. This can only help your case. I want to make it clear upfront that we had nothing to do with the bombing. But we think a friend of ours was in  the building when the bomb went off.</i> - You think? - <i>His name is Will Traveler.</i> We spoke just before the explosion. If he's alive, he might have seen something useful.</i> So you're saying there is a third suspect. Yes. No! Listen, I know how this must look, but we're not involved. All right, it was just a prank. We were rollerblading through the museum...</i> - You needed to get somewhere quickly? - I told you it was a prank. You pulled right before the Drexler exploded. It was an innocent joke. And I'm pretty sure that FBI procedure does not allow you to put our faces on TV without reasonable bases for suspicion. I suggest you calm down, Mr. Burchell. Bingo. Triangulation... Got them at Park Avenue between 49th and 54th. Mr. Burchell, this is special agent Jane Marlow. I was curious if you might be a lawyer? Yes. Well, not technically, but... Then you understand that in cases of national security, standard protocol takes a back seat. Son, what the hell did I just see on TV? Dad, listen to me, I can explain, OK? Are you still there, Mr. Burchell? Look, I called to help, to tell you our friend was in the building.</i> Just please, check the security footage. He's 5'10'', he's wearing-- a dark blue track jacket. Swallow it. Got them. Burchell, Jason. Room 509 Worcester Park Hotel. Ordered 5 pizzas from room service last night. How far out are our nearest units? Less than 2 minutes. We'll check the footage again. How does that sound ? Good. Yesterday, over ten million shares of Holloway Insurance were sold on the stock market. Do you know what they cover ? Yeah, they're specialized in fine Art. The Drexler foundation to be exact. That means that somebody, somewhere, knew this was gonna happen. - It's all we have ? - The rest was destroyed by the fire. Do you see him now ? I'm afraid the rest of the footage was lost, Mr. Burchell. There's no sign of your friend. Jay wants us to go to the cops. That is not an option. If you're on TV, it is not an accident. But dad, we weren't involved ! That hasn't stop the authorities from screwing this family before. You need to get out of there now. Son ? Jay... Are those cars for us ? Burchell, this is Fred Chambers. You should come in. We can talk about this in person. I told you. You got the wrong guys. It's time to go. My dad just called, OK ? This is bigger than Will. People, in very high places, knew that something was gonna happen today. Now, we have to get out of here, out of the city. - If we run, we look guilty. - It's a little too late for that. Someone put our faces on that TV. Someone wants us to take the blame for this. You of all people know that this can happen. We find Will. He's the only one who can back up our alibi. Whatever gets you out of this room. Hold it ! Come back here ! Where'd they go? Hey, you! Cover that exit! Suspects on either 3 or 4. On 3 ! Come on! Any more ideas ? Yeah. But you're not gonna like it. - We're running out of options. - We call in a bomb threat. You're right, I don't like it. If they think it's the truth, they'll clear the hotel. You two are a long way from the luxury suite. We ran out of shampoo. Don't worry. I ain't no fan of the police. Look, a friend of ours is in trouble and unless we get out of here - we're not gonna find him. - And we can pay. You ain't got enough. But I do like that watch. It is all yours. - NYPD. Open the door! - One minute! This leads to the basement. Take the hall to your right, it leads to the building next door. I'm changing. Be right there! Don't worry. You'll be fine. You got three seconds! Come on guys! Gimme a break! Jay Burchell, 26. Graduated Yale Law last week, top 5 in his class. UCLA for undergrade, grew up in Romington California. Rough neighborhood. What about parents? Mother, Felicia Cruz, holds multiple jobs in Los Angeles. - Mainly housework. - Father? That's where it gets interesting. Sergeant William Burchell, served in Iraq, 1992. He's court-martialed for a friendly fire incident that killed 5 men. He took his own life a year later. It's a potential motive. It sounds like payback. So far we haven't found any matches for the name he gave us, Will Traveler. We checked DMV, NCIC, Credit bureaus. We're looking in the old records. - It sounds like a decoy. - I don't think so, sir. He was panicked but his speech pattern didn't suggest he was lying. Come on people, talk to me! They got out. We were on the phone with them five minutes ago! The room was registered to Tyler Fog. Calvin Fog's son? We compared Fog's DMV picture with the Drexler footage and got a positive match. So Tyler Fog's our number two. OK, I want a profiler running point in the field. - That means you, Marlow. - Me sir? Richardson's still in DC. That makes you my senior profiler. So take Boris and check out the Drexler. No problem, sir. Cheyenne, I want you and every available SOG looking for contacts. Captain Fitz! I want port authority transit and MTA to lock up the island. These guys do not leave Manhattan unless I personally walk them across a bridge. Let's go. - Your car is not here. - Are you sure? Look, man, I checked three times. Now you need to leave. A lot of people coming here to get cars. Cops are shutting down the subways. Wait, they're what? The subways, man. Looking for two guys on that bombing. White, not Arabic if you can believe. It's not here Tyler let's go. Thanks. They're shutting down the subways. Great. Just keep walking. - Dad. - Tyler, what's happening? They took the car. Minor setback. You need to get to Queensborough bridge. That's the quickest way for you to get out of town and get to Elysium.</i> We're heading there now. Good. You still have my black card, - the one I gave you for emergencies? - Yeah. Albright, listen. The Pin number is your birthday. Find an ATM, get out as much cash as you can.</i> Go to the bridge directly, and walk across.</i> Call me when you get to Queens. - And son? - Yeah? Good luck. OK. We're 20 minutes from getting out of here. Then he states a two hour drive. We'll be safe, there. That's off the grid. I'm not going. - What? - I left that room so we can find Will, not to run. Will is a part of this, man! He's the one who parked the car so they could take it. Maybe he was set up too. Did you ever think about that? Maybe he had a gun to his head when we talked to him on the phone. We get his picture, take it to the feds. - Let the system find him. - But he doesn't want to be found! Tyler! Look, I know you and Will were closer, that you knew him better. But things are different now. We are the ones out on this sidewalk, not him. - Then run, Tyler. - Don't do this, Jay. It'll be easier for you to get out on your own. I don't want to go without you. All right, fine. But I'm gonna wait for you on the Queensbourough bridge footpath. And if you're not there in an hour, I'm gonna leave without you. But Jay... for both of our sakes, I hope you're there with me when I go. You're the tenth person who's called me. I'm just getting home. I'll call you later. ...were able to salvage some of the artwork inside.</i> Along with Burchell, police are looking for this man:</i> Tyler Fog. He's the son of Carlton Fog, one of the richest man in America and convicted conspirator</i> for the Iran contract scandal in the late 80s.</i> - I don't have a lot of time. - Are you alright? Are these all the pictures that you have? Calm down and tell me what the hell is going on! I've been calling you all day! Come on, tell me so I can help. We're not terrorists. You know that, right? Yeah, of course. Why are they saying you're involved? 'Cause someone... is trying to make it look like it's our fault. Look, Will was in the museum when the bomb went off, I need pictures, just something to take to the cops. Alright then. We'll look together. Come on, Will! Every photograph... He never wanted his picture taken. He'd try steeling my camera at parties. Come on! There's gotta be one! It's okay, we'll keep looking. It's not okay. How could I live with him for two years, and not have one picture of him? Tyler was right. Will was a part of this. Ground zero. My team found traces of aluminum, naphtaline and palmitate. Napalm. Highly compressed to get this kind of dispersion. You think a law school grad could do this? Yeah, if he's Ted Kazinsky. This is some pretty complex engineering. I want a copy of Burchell's and Fog's transcripts. Sure thing. Lucky that people got out. Such a blast should have caused more casualties. Not everybody got out. Burchell mentioned a friend in a blue track jacket. What about the idea that this might somehow be</i> an act of retribution for what happened to their fathers?</i> Perhaps, but if Fog and Burchell have ties</i> to terrorist groups overseas, they will be considered enemy combatants</i> and remanded to the military...</i> Alright. Then we get a lawyer! A whole team of lawyers! - This is not over! - It is! Tyler's dad said people knew this was gonna happen. You're gonna believe a man like Carlton Fog? Listen to what they're saying about us! Enemy combatants! Alright? If we go in now, they will ship us out to Guantanamo Bay. I'm sorry. Will was my best friend. I told him things, I trusted him. What if everything he did and said was a lie? Then we... - fight this! - No, I have to fight this. I don't want you to get involved. You know, half the city is on the streets. By now, those people are trying to get home They haven't seen the news yet, They're not focused on what we look like. But they will be soon. Wait... Somehow, I'm gonna see you again? Do you remember the first time we met? Will did everything he could to keep me from calling you. He probably knew it would complicate his plan. But he didn't keep us apart then, and he won't keep me from coming back to you now. You can't run from this. My father died because someone in the government betrayed him. It didn't make me hate my country, it made me want to fix it but if I'm gonna fix this, whatever is really going on, I need to figure out who Will Traveler really is. - We got something here. - What is it? I've got Carlton Fog making six $500 withdrawals near 59 and Lex. Carlton Fog is not in the city. I want Burchell and Fog wrapped up tight before President Cheers returns from Tokyo. That means today! Sir? We found Tyler Fog. - Can you hurry up, please? - Have a little patience. All units look for Tyler Fog. White male... 12-9 to Central, I've got the Drexler suspect heading East to the tramway path. What's your 20? We're on it. - Cover the block. - Marlow! FBI! I will fire! Keep your hands up and turn around. There's nowhere to run, Fog. Cover me. Look... the guy you want left hours ago. You can tell me all about it when this is over. Marlow, this is Chambers. Copy? Take him. Go for it, Marlow. A call coming through on your cell. Answer it.</i> - Who, sir? - Jay Burchell. - Okay, you're on, Mr. Burchell. - Who am I talking to? Mr. Burchell, this is special agent Marlow. - I'm glad you called. - Stay down. We're taking your friend into custody. Any chance you'll come in too? I'm afraid I can't do that. I won't tell you how the law works. If you don't cooperate now, you'll go away for a long time when we catch you.</i> I've got another bomb in the city. I want you to call of your men or I will have to detonate. What if I said I think you're bluffing? We found your friend Traveler in the museum... dead. I'd say you'd never really know what someone is capable of. And you still have to take my deal. I've got Burchell on hold. What do we have ? Cell tower put him within a 3 block radius. I'm working on video from dock cams. - Marlow, I'm pulling you out. - What? - I want you out of there now. - We can't negotiate! We're not. Tell him what he wants. Let him see what he wants. But I am moving undercover agents in the area. So give the word for your men to stand down. Yes, sir. Put Burchell back on line. It's your lucky day, you can have your friend. It's gonna take a minute to clear. All units, pull back. All units, pull back of the area. Pull back! Get him up! - Uncuff him. - What? Come on, uncuff him! Burchell, we're leaving Fog now. Pull back ! The bomb. I want the location. Brooklyn Bridge, North West abutment. - Jay, what did you tell them? - I gave up a 2nd bomb. - You did what? - No, it worked.</i> Just like you said it would, they're clearing out.</i> I didn't think you'd come back for me. You'd do the same for me. They'll still be watching the building. Be careful getting out. Okay, you too, pal. That's enough, Mr. Fog. It's a hell of a way to start a road trip. I should have listened to you this morning. Not Will. Will's dead. I know. You were right about him. Look, I know we've been at each other... Shut up back there! Get out! On your feet! Come with me. Now! Who are you? I'm the only person who believes your side of the story. Wait a minute! You just killed two FBI agents. Get up! What happened to Will? If you know what's going on, tell us. You'll need this more than me. Once you get over the bridge, the only people you trust are each other. Now go. Go! Dad, it's Tyler. We just got out of the city. If all goes well, we'll be there by 7, maybe 8. You must be Will. - Oh, actually I'm Jay. - I thought I'd take a chance. Tyler Fog. Wait, you're a Cubs fan? I thought you were from L.A.? My dad was from Chicago. I was actually at the game when Barber went for the foul ball, - cost him a pennant, total heartbreak. - Yet again. And the circle is complete. Hey, you must be Will Traveler? - Yeah. - Tyler Fog, school management. - This is... - Jay. Jay Burchell, law school. I read the housing ticket. Looks like we've got a nice place. Yeah, well, wait till you see upstairs. I'm sorry, guys, I have to take this. Hey, dad, can I call you back? So that's Tyler Fog? I wonder what he's doing in grad housing. I'm sure he'll be happy to tell us. You're kidding me? You're a Cubs fan? Yeah, we just went through this. Wait. You too? I am loving this house already. Wait. What are the chances that 3 guys from L.A, Maine and the Hamptons all like the same team? Must be fate. I know a garage in 51st. It's half the price.</i> I'll meet you in the room. You take time to step off the path and really see what makes this country tick?</i> - It'll change your life. - If you're out, we are.</i> Good luck. I'm sorry I had to do this. My dad knows a used car dealership 2 blocks away and they take cash. Can he help us track down and phone Will? - He's the only lead we got. - He's already looking into it. - Dad? - Okay, son, listen... Call from the road if you have any problems.