time's right i'll do 'em. Is right now! There needs to be retribution. They're gonna die anyway,might as well be by you. Bravo team,what's your eta on b ward? Minutes,boss. You got seconds. We've gotta get to the hostages before they do. She is gonna keep you in here as long as she lives. You do this now,finish it,no one knows it's you. She doesn't show up to your parole board hearings. It's your shot to get out. - No! - Let me put it another way! You kill her or i kill you; your choice. *** So... anton burrows,you've been incarcerated now for 15 years, And this is your fourth appeal for parole,is that right? Yes,ma'am. And you feel you've been rehabilitated? I've tried. Tried?What,mr. Burrows? To understand... what i did. So i can learn from it; be a better person. It says here that you have become something of an artist. Participation in therapeutic activities,that's very positive. Yes,it is. Do you have something you could show us? I... i-I'd rather not. All right. I-I brought something. A statement.Go ahead. "To the amiri family. There are no words hat can express how sorry i am For what i did to your family and to mr. Amiri. I know and you know that... There's nothing i can say or do that will bring mr.Amiri back. I want you to know that i-I'd do anything if i could go back and change what happened that day. Ms.Amiri,this parole board has all of your letters on record, Describing the pain that your family has suffered since mr. Burrows' crime. Is there any further statement That you would like to make at this time regarding mr.Burrows' request for parole? What i would like to say... i can't. Not in front of my mother. I congratulate mr.Burrows on his success in the visual arts, And on his performance for us today. He says he's "changed"? That's nice; we haven't. In 15 years,it's been the same life,the same feeling,day after day. I had so little time with my father,i can barely remember what he looks like. But i know he was a kind man,a gentle man,and he was slaughtered by this... animal. I want him to die,alone,like my father did. You don't know what happened,you don't know me! I know he meant nothing to you,nothing! And he was the only father i had! Guards! What do you need me to tell you?! What do you... what do you want from me?! What do you need to hear me say?! Anton,calm down! And i'll be at your next parole hearing and the next one... Get him out to the yard,cool him off. Until you're dead!Do you understand me?! I'll escort these folks outta here. They're transferring warshaw to maximum lockdown tomorrow. I know.We're going today. Today?Are you sure? We got everything we need.Crew's up to speed.Word's already out. Get it started. All right,boys,put your cards down. Let's get this started,right now. Follow my lead. You two doing okay? We're fine,thank you. I don't buy that crap either. You know,they got a book out on how to write these "boo-Hoo" statements to the victims? What's that? This is potter,what's the alarm? - Follow me. - What's going on? Just follow me now!Come on,we gotta go. Gimme your money! Gimme your money! Get out of my store! Get outta here,man.Open the door!Open the door! For god's sake,open the door! Everybody knows what to do. Break into the box,gear up. Find me some phones. Carter!Carter!Carter! We got visitors,hallway 8. Grab 'em; they may come in handy.Go. Anything you can!Find me a phone! Okay,we've got multiple hostages and 75 to 100 inmates involved. We're looking for knives,shivs,shanks,improvised maces. Everything is a weapon,so we're strictly less-Lethal: gas,rubber bullets,tasers. A prison riot and we're less-Lethal? - No firearms in the prison. - Yes You think it's bad now?Throw a loaded gun into the mix. And us up against 100 cons with shanks and shivs isn't? Come on,you ever get hit by a rubber bullet?Take anybody down. That's good.'Cause it's not like we're running into a place with a dozen guys we've put away or anything. All we know is it appears to have started in the yard; One inmate attacked another unprovoked,the guards intervened,and things escalated from there. We'll setup command post here. Any casualties reported so far? So far only the inmate and a guard who was attacked in the yard, But i've got 3 guards unaccounted for. They've blacked out cctv cameras,so we've got a lot of blind spots. We've been trying to lock down the wings,but they've disabled the main control. So all the prisoners are out of their cells? Except for the ones in maximum lockdown. Okay,folks,priority here is containment. Let's look at the floor plans. There's a guard station on each wing. Now can we do a manual lockdown from those stations? Yeah,it's the only way.They've taken the inner control room; it overrides us here. Taking over 4 guard stations?Letting everyone loose? This is looking more planned than spontaneous to me. Warden,how many guards can you give us? We got 20 already inside,there's more coming in. Okay,good. Sam,head up alpha team with jules and spike. Leah,wordy,you're with me,bravo. We clear and contain wing by wing,a through d. Warden,we're gonna use your guards as backup. Maximum caution. These gentlemen have already lost their freedom, They won't win friends by being co-Operative with us here today. We're gonna need you on comm,warden. This your pa? This is sergeant gregory parker with the police strategic response unit. Attention all inmates,tactical teams And reinforcements to the guards are being deployed throughout the facility. They have been instructed to take all necessary steps to resolve this disturbance. If you return immediately to your cells,there will be no further repercussions. Sergeant,problem. Who are they,warden? There was a parole hearing today. That looks like the victim's family; they didn't make it out in time. Okay,team,we've got civilians inside. "A" wing hallway. Sam,new priority. Alpha team to "a" wing,civilians at risk. We're to stay less lethal? Until you hear otherwise.Let's go. All right,warden,you run the show here. Any idea what triggered this thing? We've got good services here,we're pretty progressive, - We're not overcrowded... - Yeah,but how about who might be behind it? Well,i haven't had any prisoner grievances in the last ten months. They take all their grievances to you? No,of course not. Then how about telling me about some of the power players you got in here. Multiple stab wounds,we have to move him. Boss,we've got the injured inmate. Multiple stab wounds to the chest. Any identifying marks or tattoos? Picture coming your way. Boss,we gotta get him outta here fast,i'm gonna send him to the e.M.T.S. - Hey,you gotta come here. - Stay where you are! Do not move! Do not move! Okay,okay,okay. They got the guards. Where? They took 3 guards to "c" wing. - Who took them? - I didn't see their faces. You sure about that? Look,i don't need that kinda trouble. Move it.Boss,we may have location on the missing guards. I'm taking an alternate route to get the amiris out. Back off,carter. You really wanna do this,frank? Where's carter? He's still running down the civilians. We don't have time. - Come on,carter. - Come on,sweetheart.Come on. No,no!Please,no! It's not the end of the world. Who's a big boy? No,no! Back off. No one touches them. They're mine. -=Www.Ydy.Com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=Www.Ydy.Com/bbs=-Sync: YTET- °îµÂÖí </font> Flash Point Season 3Episode 03</font> Boss,e've got a second victim. Male,30 to 35 looks like he was rown down a flight of stairs. I'm uploading a photo. Thanks,spike. Am,any sign of the civilians? Not yet,but we've got "a" wing contained.Prisoners are in their cell. Manual override's in the guard roo 300 feet to the nth of you. Lock it down and move out. - Copy that - What do we do with the body? We'll have to deal with him later. The priority one is to locate thocivilians. Warden,help me see if there's a biggericture here. The first victim from the yard attack... the,um,guy wi the bandana. He's "satan's blood. " He's an untouchable. Satan's blood's the top gang in thislace.He's one of their captains. They pretty much control all the drs,everything. Yeah,well,a riot's a go time to settles. - No,this was a mista though. - Why's that? If youit the blood,they hit you twice as hard; that's why they stay on p. Boss,i need alpha team to run down this lead on therds. Eddie,we sll have 2 civilians out here. I hear you,they could be anywhere. The guard's position we know. Get in. This is you,the changed man? Shut it! Animal! What did you call me? You wanna say that again? Sam,i need you to hook up with ed  "c" wing. Copy that - Hey,winnie? - Yeah,boss? - Ll team 4 to step on it,we're under the gun her - I'm on it. Warden. Can you id the victim the hallway? Yeah,it's keen carter.One of the ntl's. What's ntl? Thing to lose.They're a collection of lifer they've had a beef ith the blood for years. Carter's their leader? No,their leader's name is sloan keller. Sloan keller... that name's familiar.Can i see h file? He's a hired killer,in for life. Thpanetta killings; that sloan keller? The benares killings the mitchinson killings... that sloan keller. You killed caer?! I didn't think you had that in you. Did you know heas one of my boys? Your boy was about to  'em. Okay,that's not smart. I mean,two civilians? Now this here's gold. We canet whatever want. He's up for parol.No crew,no rep. What,are wsupposed to trust you? Parole?I just lost my sh. I got nothing else o lose today. What are they to you? This one's the reason i lost my shot. We finish this... i wanna get mine. - I can areciate hat. - Carter w a good man. E was a good soldier. He waa iend.I got a mind to settle this! Keep your head i game! Keeping them alive right now was a smat play. When we're done here,you want them? Yeah. Then you're gonna do it actly the way i say say "yes,boss! " Yes,boss. One,you're gonna take the hostages,you're gonna put 'em wre i tell you to. And two,i need someone to tk to the cops about our demands. It was gonna be carter,but maybe it'll be a little bit better If it was coming from the warden's litt buddy. - What're we asking for? - It doesn't matter,ou just keep 'em busy. We're breaking outta "d" wg,goin' through a wall. But no one's going anywhere unless you buy us a little tie. All right. But they're still mine. No one touches burrows' little pets. Boss,we've reached "c" wing.Bravo team,what's your ? Bravo approaching from east hall. Copy that. There's a common room to yor left. It might be where they're holding the guas. Three guards,immediate left,they look hurt. Two inmates... one on the hostages,one to the ight. - Weapons? - Looks like a kfe,two guard batons,a lot of bad attude. Barricades? Access is clear e Okay,leah,cover the door. Spike and jules take the guards,sam,wordy and i'll take the inmates. On three. One... t... three. Hands in the air! Sr sru! Police! Everybody down! Drop you weapons! Show  your hands!Op your weap! - Hostages secured. - Heading to command. Okay. We've got guards on theay to deal with the inmates. Thank you. Are you good? Nice work,eddie. Sergeant parker,i got something This is anton burrows,we have a list of demands. Send us someone out here who can make decisions. I know him. Boss,i know him.Back in the day,when i was at 41 division,patrolling gangland Who'd he run with? He wasn't a gangbanger,he was more a hang-Around. There's something you should know. Anton burrows was up for parol this morning. And? He wasenied for the fourth time. Four times?Why? Because every time the victim's family,the amiri's, They attend and they make sure he doe't get out. So,you're telling me,th are the civilian hostages in there? - Yeah. - Okay,boss,i can do this - You sure? - I know him,let me do it. 'Kay,go. Sam,i gotta do this alone. Been a long time,anton. Yeah,a long time. Not the place i was hopi to find you. You knew i was in here. I mean,right now,tanding there,running this whole mess. Gotta do at i gotta do. Osges safe? They're safe. Anton,i trusted your word once. They're safe,i swear to you. I hope so. Anton,i kw who they are. We demand the following: Increase to two the number of conjugal visits per moh. Larger number of spac available for work detail. Three: creation of a prisoner's advocacy board to addss inmate concerns. All this for conjugal visits? There's gotta be something more going on. That's it? For now. But this thing's not over until we sait is. Don't forget that. Anton,if anythg happens to those hostages... The only way something happens to those hostages is if you come in here looking for them. Noget us what we want; you don't have much time. Remember the ridgestone towers,back  the days? That's exact what you're looking at here,unless we get some satisfaction. You unrstand?Do you understand me?! I understand.I understand. Il start working on the demands. It's not adding upeddie. Boss,we need  regroup,set up for immediate action. Ddie,we just agreed to negotiate? Time. Not if we're gonna sto a breakout. Where are you taking us? Where the boss wants us to go. Move. The guy right there. He's trying hard to look like anton's sidekick. Okay,it's the other way around.Warden? If sloan keller's behind the riot,then this isn't just about a list of minor grievances. Well,does a breakut make sense? Well,sloan thinks big. - Eie,what's making you feel so sure? - He brought up the ridgestone towers. - And? - Gang bust. A big boss,it was the west end crew.We had 'em holed up in a standoff. When we finally went in,they were gone. They'd cut through the walls in all the oter apartments. So sloan wants to break out,but first he triggers a riot so that the place is surrounded by cops?Smart. The fact that they're here kinda suggest they're not master criminals. Well,maybe he didn't trigger the riot.Maybe he's just capitalizing on it. Nah,it feels like it was part of a plan. You sure anton's not playing you? I know how it sounds. I got a feeling he's on the level. Where do you figure they're staging this? Well,"a" and "c" is locked down. So it's gonna be "b" or "d. " "D" has the most exposed ll leading to the outside. I've got team four positioned along the perimeter. So,no one's going anywhere. All right,what kind of eyes do we got in there. Couple of cameras is all; they've knocked the others out. All right,let's take a look at "d" wing.Entrances? There's a hallway that runs to it from here. Comes out right in the back of "d" wing. So we got the element of surprise. Wordy,spike,you're with me. - Sam... - We'll grill for intel. Yeah,we're gonna start with the inmates. Let's go. Eddie.One second. I took a look at anton's file. It says that anton's lawyer contacted you at his sentencing as a character witness. Anything i need to know? You checking up on me or...? No.Jt doing a background. We grew up in the same neighbourhood. Malvern,right? Yeah. Tough crowd. Look,my folks and his folks were friends. He was a little bit younger than me and when his dad died,he got mixed up with the wrong crowd. My old maasked me to look out for him. He's a good kid going off the rails? He was a good kid. He was a great kid,he had a big heart. A rookie uniform... trying to save the wor, So i went to his mother and i went to his teachers and i said,i'll look out for him. I'll look out for him! And then one night... and one night i get a call from a buddy of mine in homicide. There's a shooting down at... kingstonoad,convenience store. That's not your fault. It doesn't matter.It doesn't matter. I thought he could beat the odds. Eddie... edd? Do you believe what anton's telling you now? I don't know if he's lling the truth or not, But i do kno that he coulda killed those hostages by now if he wanted to. When they meet those demands,i mean,what're we gonna do then? Well,we'll make more demands,and more,until our work here is done. I thought we were busting out? Who asked you to think? Get back to your pets. There's no breakout? Sure there is. For anyone who wan to run straight into the arms of a swat team. Bomb's good to go.How're we doing on the blood's? They've taken care of all four capins. Warshaw's the lastone. Good. Let's go!Right there!Right there! Up against the wa!Hands on the wall!Hands on the wall! Up where i can see 'em! Wordy and  do not move! Don't move! Don't move! All right,let's go. Get 'em outta here. Get 'em outta here. Outta here,now! This doesn't make any sense. Why? The bomb,it's good to go,it's set up really smart,it's solid piece of work. But it's lame. What?What do you mean? I mean it's just propane. The kind of explosion you're gonna get from this,y'll get a big flash,a big boom. But a flash isn't gonna take out a wall. You need somethin' with actual force,and this just... it doesn't have any. Spike,those guys looked ike they were good to go. Spike: well,everything about this looks good to go,but to go nowhere. - Unless... - Unless the big boom was e whole point. Distraction? Eddie,we've got a situation in the commissary. Alpha's on their way,you better move fast. Bomb's diffused,boss.We're on our way. What happens now? You've made your demands,now what? I don't know. I'm sorry. - *** - Hush,my daughter. What she said about you today,you have to understand. I know. You know what? You don't want to hurt us,do you? Why'd you have to come here? Because you killed my father. Left him to die alon you belong here. Ii belonged here,you'd already be dead. Why did you kill my husband? We know why - For money,for... Tell me.Tell me. And not what you tell them to get out. The truth. Why? Uh,the place i grew up,either you get with a ng or the gang gets you. My mom... this... this cop,they tried to keep me out. I tried too. But i just got tired... Of trying,of bng scared all the time. So these guys say to me,"you wanna get with something,something good? Something strong? Get with us. See that corner store over on kingston road? You gotta rob it. The guy there,he's used to it. " Give me the money.Gimme the money! It was just the way in,you know; to show they could trust me. I wanted that so bad... Just to be with something. So i went in.I had the gun they ga me. I mean,that store had been hit ten,twelve times already that year. Gimme the money! Get out of my store! All i wanted was the money. But i guess he was just sick of being robbed,of being afraid all the time. But... i did it. Ihot and i killed him because i was afraid. Th's the only "why" i can think of. I-I killed your father... And there's nohing i can do to take it back. But he didn't die alone. Please don't die. Boss,we got three more victims. All prisoners. This was never about a breakout. They all have the same tattoo. Yeah,these victims are all satan's blood: leaders,enforcers. The ones you want to hit when you're attempting a takeover. So they triggered a riot to keep the guards busy. Takntage of chaos to get to his enemies. Tries to distract us with bogus bombs and bogus demands. Makes sense - King of the empire. That's a whole lot more power than sloan would have in the outside world. And it's a day on the inside no one'll forget. Warden,how many other satan's blood untouchables? After those guys?Just the top man,terry warshaw. We got him in custody? No,he's in "b" wing. All right,we're on the move. Oss,upload ua photo on the fly. Copy. That's your man. Boss,we split up into alpha and bravo. We need to get those hostages secured before they get a hold of warshaw. Bravo team,what's your eta on "b" ward? Minutes,boss. We gotta get to him bere they do. He's the grand prize. With warshaw gone,sloan's ot what he wants. When he's got what he wants,he's got no reason to let the hostages live. We got you,dead man. You're dead meat,warshaw. Make your mo,man. What the hell did you say to that cop,burrows? You were there,you heard me. What i heard now was the sound of a mb not going off. Cops must've got to it before,means they found out. Means w have a rat. Yeah?Well,let's go find him. Oh,i think we already have. Oh,yeah?And it couldn't be the 20 other goons you got working for you. But if that's the way you feel,make your move. But a minute!Ke oh,come on. - Okay,sloan,i'm telling you,i didn't... - In a few moments... It's either gonna be all good or 's not. Then i'll hear what you have to say. So the bomb wasn't about a breakout. It was saved as their biggest distraction for their biggest target,warshaw. Boss,it looks like nton played me. Again. Freeze,sru,drop your weapons! Drop your weapon! - Drop your weapon now! - Hands in the air! Right now! Hands on your head! Rubbebullets take down anyone,huh? Yeah,so i thought. Inmate: no,you stay there,you keep me posted. Oh,words out. Cops got 'em before they could finish warshaw. He's in protective custody now.That's it. So... things didn't go all our way today. Close. So,my question is,which side are you gonna be on? Same  always,man,my own. No,you're gonna need protection,especially now that satan's blood knows how close you ande are. So,you are gonna show me that yore still a guy that i can trust. Yeah,man,i told you,when the time's right i'll take 'em out. Time's righnow! They're gonna die anyways,might as well be by you. Wordy? Yeah,two seated,not moving,small; it's gotta be them. Bosswe've located the hostages. That door's pretty heavy,if there are obstacles... Yeah,the hostages will be dead before we get the door open. There's gotta be ather way. Doesn't lookike it,eddie. Warden,what is this room? That's an old weight room. But it's been closed over a year for renos. It's the only part of the prison that's just brick. Posed an escape risk even though it's four-Storeysp. Well,if they can break out,we can break in. Hey,spike,how do you feel about explosive entry? She is gonna keep you in here as long as she lives. You do this now.Finish it,no one knows it's you. She doesn't show up to your parole board hearings. This is your only shot to get out. No. Let me put it another way: you kill her or i kill you. Your choice. - You call me an animal... - Why are you thinking about this? But i'm not. Cops are  the move,they're coming in! Sloan,let 'em live. I'll say whatever you want; i'll take the heat for this whole thing. I told the cops... they come in... the hostages die. No! Let me go!Let me go! Kill him! Anton: let me go! No,get off me,stop! Get off me! Get off! Now get out! He's mine. Oh,i've been waiting for this allay. Warden. It's 911. They've got anton on the phoe. It's parker. It's anton. Listen to me,you gotta get in here,they're gonna killhe hostages. Anton,it's... okay,we're working on it,just sit tight. No,you don't have any time. You gotta get in here now. Okay,we're already at the dr. No,they're expecting that. All right,just stay on the line. Eddie,i got anton,i'm gonna patch him through. Go ahead. You can't go through the door,they're expecting it. Anton,you told me there was gonna be a breout. Why should i trust you now? I was told there was gonna be a breakout; that's what i was told. I'm just trying to keep them alive,that's it. If i could just... **** Seeing is believing,anton. Yeah... well,if you don' get in here soon,you're not gonna like what you see. All right. Get everybody away from that west wall. Try to buy us as much time as possible,can you do that for me,anton? I'm gonna try. No!No! Okay,i need everyone's status,now! Waiting on spike. Need more time. It's up to you,anton. No! No! Stop! Get off of her! Come on! Charge's in. Come on,let's go.Go-Go-Go-Go. Sru,drop your weapons! Drop your weapons right now! - Everybody on the floor! - Get down!Get down now! Stay where you are! Drop your wpon! Turn around. It's all right,okay? It's gonna be all right. All right,come with me.Come on. Come on,this way.It's okay,you're safe now. Against the wall! They okay? They're safe,you did good. Keeping it true. You're gonna be okay. You did good,i'm proud of you. You all right? Can you do something for me? Anything you need.Anything you need,buddy. It was a nice job. Team job. He survives 15 years in this place,he still manages to hang on to his soul. Yeah.Something to be said for that. And when you  out whathat is,i'm sure you'll say it. Excuse me? How're you doing?Is your mom okay? She will be. Can you get a message to anton ? Yeah,yeah,i'm... i'm sure we could do that. Tell him... at his next parole hearing,i'll be there. I'll speak for him. Do you think people can change? I think some people always had it in 'em. Anton wanted me to give you something. -=Www.Ydy.Com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=Www.Ydy.Com/bbs=-Sync: