Have you been a politician for so long that you've forgotten how to tell the truth? I am not gonna lie just to tell you what you wanna hear. Are you ready to die,ryan? **** - Pat. - Hey,dave. You see the bbm's for last week? Impressive,as always. Yeah,well,number one in my time slot.As always. Pat,no one's ever doubted your ability to bring in the numbers. Any coffee in there? Keep your ears open,dave. It's gonna be a big one today. Gonna be a very big one. Wo you know cosgrove's not gonna stick to the issues,right? Well,he gave us his word,nicole. Have you been listening to him lately? He's been going after you,like you're... Public enemy number one. That's his job,that's what people want him to do. Well,i still don't think this is a good idea. Well,if he wants to tussle with me,i say bring it on,i've got a job to do. Okay,you're the councilman. - We cool? - Yes. It's okay,it's radio. I'm going back to the office,i'll pick you up when you're done. Good. I'll be listening. Hi,i'm ryan malone,pleased to meet you. Late night? Yeah,you could say that. Blonde,brunette or redhead? One of each. Didn't know you had the stamina. Rock'n'roll stations only,wordy. None of this country and western stuff,come on. I'm putting on cosgrove. We're working out,can we please have something with a beat? You've obviously never heard cosgrove. you're with pat "the lion" cosgrove,this is cosgrove in the morning and i am joined here in the studio this morning by my guest,councilman ryan malone. It's,uh,my pleasure to be here,pat. Well,we are very,very lucky to have you here. Although i have to say,ryan,it has taken us a lot of work to get you on my little show. I'd hardly call your show little,pat.Uh,you're an institution in this town. Oh,pat cosgrove an institution? Well,i don't know about that, but i there are definitely some people who probably feel that i belong in one. I just can't stand this guy. I know,his teeth are too white,huh? No,no,i'm talking about cosgrove. I'm talking about cosgrove. Malone wants to put 100 cops on the street,jules. 100 cops.He gets my vote every time. And the minute he gets his hands on the budget, he starts running those red lines through all the promises he made. Yeah,well,you gotta have a little faith,boss.A little faith. But i'm a realist,buddy,like cosgrove. I calls 'em like i sees 'em. oh,come on,ryan,let's get real here,all right? Wealthy land baron,terry malone - And yes,folks,my guest is that malone - Has been financing your campaign from the get-Go. Look,my books are wide open. So,instead of manipulating facts and trying to play "tempest in a teapot," why don't we give your listeners a little bit more credit. Because i came here today because i wanted to talk issues. Important...Ehics,you know... Ethics is an issue,you know?Especially for you,ryan. Okay,so you're just gonna lob vague insults at me,pat? Is that the best that you can do? Oh well,don't you worry,we'll be gettin' into specifics soon enough. You're with pat "the lion" cosgrove and this morning, listeners,we have something a little different. Because this morning we are gonna be putting councilman ryan malone on trial. Yes,on trial,for his great and multitudinous sins. Okay,well,this is a new low,even for you,pat. Because today,folks,is judgment day. Today,ryan,we're gonna be dragging all your skeletons from the closet and once we are through here today then you also will be through. Smells a little bit like bourbon in here to me,pat. Oh,that was... Are you gonna lecture me on my bad habits when you gotta whole pile of them over there all your own,councilman? You know what,pat,i think,uh...I think we're through. Well,you know what,ryan? I think don't think we've really gotten started,why don't you sit down? I said sit...Down. What the hell are you doing? Well,i got a lot more questions for you. Put that away. Stay with us,folks,because you're with pat "the lion" cosgrove and things here are about to get real interesting. Oh,you gotta be kidding me. Is that for real? Let's not wait for a call. You heard the boss,guys.Let's go,let's go,let's go! Sru has arrived.They'll be on the way up in a minute. Talk to me. *****About 12 minutes ago. They're still in studio? Yeah,well,as far as we know they're on the second floor. Radio station cprd.Shot was fired at 9:27 am. Hi,i'm dave agostini,the station manager. Nobody's gone into the studio,nobody's come out? No. - How many entrances? - Uh,just the one door. The technician's booth,on the other side. Security cameras? Not in studio. Spike,we need blueprints,we find gotta find another way into that studio. Tech's have a two-Way mic into the studio, but he won't answer,i already told you. Jules,take a look. These blinds only open from the other side? Pat? This is sergeant greg parker, i'm with the police strategic response unit,how're you doing? Can you,can you hear me? There's somebody in there. What do you hear? I heard labored breathing,but it's only one person. One person? Eddie,aggressive entry. police!Police! Police,don't move! Police,do not move! Sam?Got him. Boss,get word to stainton,lock down the building. We got something. So,i take it you're the technician? **** i don't know. Bourbon before noon. That a regular habit? A little bit more recently,yeah. Who fired the shot? Was it cosgrove? Yeah,but he didn't hit anyone. What happened then? It was just... Like,in the interview,they were just talking,and then pat pulled a gun, i ran in,and then he told malone to tie me up. Anything else you can tell us. He moved fast. He kept watching the clock. Did he say where he was going? No. No,only thing he said was that he was sorry. i set up the interview with mr.Malone's assistant,nicole bennett. She here? mr.Malone came By himself. spike,we need to find nicole bennett.She's ryan malone's assistant. Hey,sarge,this is heather wallace,she cosgrove's producer. She says she was in her office. I came out as soon as i heard the shot. And you never saw them leave? No. she couldn't have. Usually cosgrove's on a 30 second tape delay. Today he asked me to move it up to 6 minutes. They were out of the building before anyone would've heard the shot. You didn't think a 6 minute tape delay was a little odd? I mean...Pat's show,you know,like,what he says... For obvious reasons,i am unable to share with you the details of my location, but i would like to say that i appreciate you listening. My guest here today is councilman ryan malone... - what's going on? - I have no idea. Well,ryan,why don't we start off by you sharing with the listeners just what it is that i am holding in my hand here,right now? He has a gun. He is pointing a gun at me. Yes,that is correct,i am. And unless the councilman speaks the truth to me here today, unless he does that,i will kill him. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: Ring Flashpoint Season 03 Episode 05 Clear. All the studios are cleared,boss. Cosgrove is not broadcasting from this building. Thanks,eddie. On our way down. Because,folks,today is a very,very special day because today is the day that we get to learn all about the real ryan malone. And you know what,folks,to be brutally honest with you, there's really not a whole hell of a lot to the guy, so it'll probably only take me,let's say around,uh... What,like,an hour. Oh,if in that hour,anyone attempts to shut down this signal, or interfere with this broadcast or interfere with my callers in any way whatsoever, i will kill my guest. Just so we're all loud and clear. I certainly hope that we are... Jules,you hear anything in the background? What is it you want because i can see that you... First of all,what i desperately want,ryan, is for you not to try to handle me here,okay? Because i've been doing this game here for 20 years now, son,whatever that is worth,all right? So do not try to handle me! So where's cosgrove? Okay,the shot was reported at 9:27. Meaning it was fired at 9:21. We arrived on the scene at 9:39,and cosgrove resumed broadcasting at 9:44. So,23 minutes to get out of the building,drive wherever and get back on air. Gotta be downtown.He's gotta be. Okay,spike,what do we got? He's out there somewhere. I just think we should talk this out... That's a hell of a lot of haystack. That's the station.That's cosgrove's house. So he's gotta be broadcasting from his house. You wanna check it out? Copy that.Sam,wordy,let's move. All right,you are on cosgrove in the morning. Caller,go ahead... pat?I can't believe i got through! Yeah,you got through,caller. Let's here it,what do you have to say about our guest today? So how's he broadcasting in the first place? He's hijacking the stations signal. Yeah,but how's he doing that? It's not that hard. Transmitters,they all got a network card built into them, all you need is a url and a password.He could be anywhere. Can you trace the ip address? I tried.He's using some kind of ip spoofer. He's switching addresses every couple of seconds. What we could do is cut him off by switching the station off and stop him from piggybacking. 555-0190,that is the number. And if you are listening,i want to hear... All right,that's good to know. I'm gonna get some more intel,i'll be right back. Okay,caller,you are on the air,you're on cosgrove in the morning. oh man,pat,seriously,are you gonna waste this dude? You know,let's just see how it all transpires over the next hour,caller,shall we? Because,you know what?We've got so much to talk about here, why don't just open up the proverbial closet here on my guest's distinguished career. Skeleton number one... If you can cut it out,why don't you? 'Cause if we interrupt that broadcast malone's as good as dead. We need to use the time he's given us. Okay,what i need from you is to help me understand what's going on with the man. I should've never let him on the air,not his condition. What,the drinking,you mean? It's a regular occurrence? No,not for years. A few weeks ago,thoug he fell off the wagon prey hard. Any particular reason? Yeah,probab. Look,a cole of months ago, this statio and seven other affiliates got bought up by core channel. I mean it happens all the time,but i'm guessing pat saw the wring on the wall. No room for him in the new der,huh? No,we're moving into music,entertainment,adult conmporary. Today was his last shift. He knew this? No,i didn't tell him. It's company policy. Well,maybe he figured it out. What is your take on councilman ryan malon or,you know what? Or any othese fellas,really. And you know the ones i mean,the ones with the pfect white teeth... Guys,he'armed,he's inebriated... And he's making a statement. So long as he keeps talking,we got the element of surprise. Stealth entry? Low and slow. Wordy,you're one; sam,two; i'm three.Let's go. What do you want? What do i want?What i want,ryan malone, ifor you just to know what it feels like. What what feels like? To be forgotten. To be uh... Left behind. To be the one o did not get to take their rightful place. Look... I'm sorry. Whatever it is you're going through,i can't imagine. But,pat,m tied up... - Yes. - Nd you have a gun. Yes,i do. So,whateveit is you wanna hear... What,you think i'm just gonna go ahead... Don't insult me. It had to be a good lck. Make myself clear. If councilman ryan malone does not speak the truth in the next 2 minutes... All right,let's see if we can findsomething we can use,ys. pat,i've listened to you for years,and this is not you. well,what can i say,paul,i'm just full of surprises. 555-0190,that is the numbe you are on cosgrove in theorning.Go ahead,caller. Hey,pat,my name is sergeant greg parker. I'm with the police strategic response unit.How are u? Well,as you know,greg parker, i have always been an avid fan of law enforcement,but really,you know, i am just a simple man of the people and l i am trying to do here, greg parker,is just deteine the truth. Okay,i tnk i know what kind of man you are. And i ink i know what this is about. Oh,reall greg? I'm inkin' maybe this doesn't have anything to do witan malone. I think maybe this has to do with you. Th is not correct. You see whathis is really about,greg, this is about the second of june,1999. On it. What about that night? Well,uh...I'm gonna let mr.Malone pick it up from here. Because,uh.You know all about that night,don't you,councilman? June the second,1999. Andhen we return, we will continueur stimulating conversation here with councilman ryan malone, who we will fi out,on top of everything else,is... A murderer. This,greg,is about a very special te. This is about... The second of june,1999. Sarge,malone was in a major car wreck on that date. Somebody died. All right,regional police disvered the car just after 4:00 am. Tolled.A rollover. It says that aarmer noticed the smoke from the blaze. Ry malone was driving? No,he was the passeng. Cody ackman was the driver,he was pronounced dead at the scene. So,in this police report, malone and ackerman were at a pi gamma frat rty that night and ackerman was seen drinking before. Jules. Go,am. We found a file relating to ryan malone. You wanna send it in wi the squad car? Absolutely. I get it. I mean,as hard as it is to imagine,i was young once,ryan, i know what it's like,a cple boys going out and gettin' drunk. I had a couplbeers. Councilman,you were wasted. You had no business getting behind te wheel of that vehicle. You're right. S why i wasn't driving that night,pat,it s cody. He was always looking out for me. I remember that night perfectly.He,um... Took the keys from me as we were leaving the fraternity party. We were driving along this country road,and he was playing with these cassettes... *** When i came to,i looked over at cody.And he was dead,pat. Ryan,that's a very ving story,but,you know,it's also a damn lie. No it isn't,pat. You were the one that was driving he car,councilman. It was you thakilled cody ackerman. No,i dn't! Son,unless you tell me the truth about that night,in,like,t next 22 minutes, i am going to be putng a freaking bullet into your brn. Do you understand me? You're insane. This is about cody ackerman. Yeah,but what's his connection to corove? Sgeant,malone's assistant's here. Thanks,inspector. Jules,you take it. I'm goa lk to cosgrove's producer. Have you been listening to the broadcast? Are you gonna find him? Yeah,we'rdoing everything we can. Listen,do mr.Malone and mr.Cosove have any personal history? No. Do you know why he's doing this? Because he's a hack with a hate- For politicians? What about the car accident he's talking about? Mr. Male was in a car crash when hwas in college. His best friend was killed. And cosgrove is saying that your boss was drivin. absolutely not.There was a full investigati. Absolutely not possible. Have a look at mr.Malone's platform. Zero tolerance on drunk drivers.This is an issue very close to his het. Ght,thank you,nicole. If we need anything else,we're gonna call u. ody ackerman?No,pat ver mentioned him before. Ms.Wallace,you've been his producer for over 10 years. Is there anything else you can te us about him? i know pat as well as anybody at the station,but i don't really know him,you kn. Off the air,hs a private kinda guy. Never married,no kids.He's got a brother. Lives intown somewhere. Spike? Brotr.On it. What about the drinking? That stard a few weeks ago. A friend of his fromcollege came by,janet something. Do you know what thetalked about? No,but,itidn't seem like a happy reunion. I could hear 'em arguing all the way dow the hall. He disappeared that afternoon. Came back the ne day,drunk,went on the air,started trashing malone. And he ner talked about malone before that? - Not really. - What upset him? No. I'm gonna need tosee the visitor sign-In log. Sure. Spike,i got a ame for you. First name: janet. Last name? Ackerman. Ackerman? So? Janet ackerman is cody's mother. And it turns out she and cosgrove have known each other fomore then 30 years. So janet's son gets killed,and she wants pat to get justice? I don't know cody was killed more than 1 years ago.Why now? Hey,winnie,let's send some uni's over and pick up a janet ackerman. Copy. Iot a lead on cosgrove's brother. First name: george.I got a a work address: 505 terminal. Cjv electrons. Cjv was busd a couple of years ago.They were sellinpirated operating systems. how do you kn that? Know beuse i'm a highly trained office on the cutting edge o21st century investigation. I thought it was becae you're a geek. He's not a geek,kay? He's a geek with combat skills. That's why the ladies love him. Eddie,what's your eta. 10 minutes away. More like five. Haveyou been a politician for so long that you've forgotten how to tellhe truth? I'm not gonna lie just to tell you what you wanna hear. Are you ready to die ryan? That's justhe booze talking,pat, i don't think you have it in you to ll that trigger. Well,i suose we'll all find out the answero that question in,like,uh... 17 minutes. Pat and i were in a lot of classes together in college.We were good friends. And y've kept in touch over the years? Yes,but what he's doing today,this isn him. How well did pat know cody? Well,pat was living on the west coast while cody was growing up. They only met a few times over the years,but i hink that pat was fond of him. Fond enough to want to seek retribution for his death? Pat's been drinking again. I mean,it can make people do things they wouldn't normally do. M.Ackerman,pat started drinkinagain when he saw u a few weeks ago; when you had that argument. Now,did that have anything to do with thaccident? Look,i've been livingith this night for 10 years. My son was vilified,sergeant parker. And you dot think cody was driving? In't know what to believe. But there was barely an investation.No inquest. By the time i got out to the accint that night, ryan's father was already glad-Handingith the police. The next thing i know,they pinned it all on  son. 'Kay,it sounds like y have a lot of reasons thate ryan malone. But you're not thene holding theun to his head. Is he doing ts for you? Are you putting him up to this? Of course not.I never wanted him to hurt ryan. Then why is he doing this? Wh having met cody a few times, why is he willing o kill a man who he thinks is responsible for his death? Why is he doing that? Because c was his son ? That's what you told him a few weeks ago, that he was cody's father? Pat and i were together when we were young. It was stormy.I-I loved him,but i knew that hwasn't the right guy to marry. I married gary. And cody? It waone time. He came in from out of town and i got pregnant. Gary would've been devastated if he'd found out thatody wasn't his own. But pat was wild and self-Absorbed and... Why,after all these years,why,after cody's death,why tell him now? 'Cause gary's ge. And i couldn't live with it anymore. And i thout pat deserved to know abouthis. But i di't know he was gonna do someing like this! I see by the clock on th wall,we have just 14 mites left,councilman. Tick tocktick tock. Mrmalone,you are running of time. George cosgrove,nice to bump into yo.Back inside,please. What's this about? I think you know. Where's your brother? I n't know anything. George,you gave m the hardware to spoof h ip. - Now where is he? - No i didn't. your brother's taken over the stion's signal with illegal equipment supplied  you. Now,that's how he is doing this.So whehe,george.Come o. I don't handle illegal equipment. 14 minutes fr now,you're looking at aessory to homicide. And that is a long time,george,in jail.It is a long time. He'sour brother.You can help him. If my brother'doing this,then he's got a good reason. He's a good man. Okaygeorge,if you don't help him out right now,right now... He a dead man. I have a place downtown. Where? George sgrove owns a condo on st.James. It's registered to a numbered corporation: 2198 ontario inc. Which is why it wasn'owing up. Sixth floor,ten blocks from the radio statn.It's where he's gotta b copy that.E're on our way. Copy that.We're right behind you. Hey,i got sometng.Take a look at this. Who'she? Thiss nicole bennett,ryan's assistant. Well,they seem tight. And when i talked to her earlier today about the accident, nicole said: "mr.Malone w in a car crash when he was in university. His best friend was killed. And no mention that they knew each other at all back then? And she was definity protecting him today. He's more than just an assistant. Yeah,she's hiding something. Okay,you go for it,jules. On my way. Let's go,spike,you drive. Hey,pat,it's gr parker again. I'd like to talk to you for a minute. Well,you know,greg,i think i've been doing all sorts olistening here. And this son of a bitch is not telling me what i need to hear. How about we continue this conversation in private,pat? How 'bout wdon't do that,greg. I owe it to my listers to let them know that the same man who is intenon running the highest office in this city, is the same man who killed cody ackerman. Okay,well,if that's the case,then let us look into it.You've done your job here. W reopen the investigation,you have my promise. i don't need an investigtion! P,are you doing this for janet? Oh,she's got nothing to do with this. Oh,wait a minute.You know... No,listen.This was all...This was my decision. Okay?Janet had nothin to do with any of this. Okay,but i know that cody was your son. And what,net told you that? Yes. He was what? And she'sorried about you,pat. She never expected that you'd do anything ike this. She wants you to stop. Don't you worry about hing,greg parker,because i wil be stopping soon enough. All right,apartment 612. Thereare windows on the west and south side. Sam,grab a sniper perch.Get us eyein. You ready? It was a warm june evening when ryan malone and cody ackerman were attending a fraterny party, whiey left at approximately 2:00 am. And although he should not have, ryan malone got behind the wheel of h vehicle. I've told you... It's myurn. And like many a drunk driver before him, ryan felt that he was in control of this situation. Which,of course,he was not. You see,folks,there was... Tre was no reason for this to happen. No reason whatsoever,except for just plain bad judgement. I sympathize. Because i can't imagine what that must've been like or you,that moment. You know,one bad decision and suddenly everything... Evething that your family had planned for you, everything that your father had wanted you to be... It was all gone. Your best friend was dead. But... He was also the way out of this. And that must've bee very,very difficult,but,hey, why destroy two lives,especially if one of them was your own? You drove the car, and you killed my son and then you blamed him for his own death? That's not what happened! I should have stopped cody from getting behind the wheel. If you want me to apolize for that,then i do,pat,i swear to god i apologize! God,do you think i haven't lived with this? I have.I've lived with this... Mistake... At night,every single day of my life, and i've been trying to atone. Is everybody listening to the same broadcast that i'm listening to? Because th become a full-On festival of self-Pity here. Oh my god,the man who would be mayor has the gall to look at me and say, oh no,mr.Cosgrove,i was the viim of this tragedy. I was not its author. So,i have one question for you,listeners,and that is: are we gonna let him get away with that? 555-0190,that is the number.Theloves are off! Let's talk.Are we gonna let ryan malone get away with this? All right,caller,you're on the air. i'm with ya. The politicians are all lying sm. Shoot him right now! Ooh,easy,jeremy. Six minutes left on the clock,let's not get ahead of ourselves. 555-0190,that is the number. Sam,you got a visual? I can't get an angle on the west side,and the south side is blocked. Maybe you can ask him to open his curtains a little bit for me,boss. You really wanna help your boss? Are you listening to this?You've gotta do something! I need you to stop wasting my time. You,cody and ryan all wento school together. Okay,So? I need the whole story. You know who was driving in the carthat night. No,i don't.Ryan said that... I think that u do. An eyewitness said that you left the party with ryan and cody. Yeah,some drunk frat boy whoept changing his story. Nile,was his account dismissed because it was buried by your boss's dad? No,because he was drunk! How could he remember what really happened that night? So were you and your friends; i could askou the same thing. There was a full investigation. Osgrove is going to kill him in five minutes now,you wanna stand around here and just listen to that happen? Then get in there... Stop him!Shoot him,please! No.I need you to tell me the truth so we don't have to. HEY, SARGE,I GOT THE REAL STORY FROM NICOLE BENNETT. GO AHEAD, JULES. THERE'S A WHOLE OTHER SIDE TO WHAT HAPPENED IT GOES BEYOND JUST MALONE AND CODY ACKERMAN. YOU GOTTA LET HIM GO, PAT.COME ON... LET'S JUST HOPE THERE'S A LITTLE MORE JUSTICE LEFT IN THE WORLD THAN THAT. NEXT CALLER.YOU'RE ON COSGROVE IN THE MOING, GO AHEAD. PAT, PLEASE, COME OUT! YOUR BOY WOULDN'T WANT THIS! WELL, GREG,YOU NEVER KNEW MY BOY. NEITHER D YOU, PAT. SH-SHUT UP, RYAN. CODY ACKERMAN WAS MY FRIEND, AND YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT I KNOW ABOUT HIM, PAT? HE HAD A DAD. I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT THE GUY THAT KNOCKED UP HIS MOM. I'M TALKING ABOUT THE MAN SHE CHOSE TO MARRY,TO RAISE HER BOY AND LOVE HER SON. HIS REAL DAD. where is the hell are you,pat? I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW... YOU WERE NOTHING TO HIM.nothing. EASY THERE, RYAN.I'M NOT SURE THAT'S WHERE YOU WANNA GO RIGHT NOW. AND NOW YOU WANNA GO ALL AVENGING ANGEL FOR THE BENEFIT OF YOUR LISTENERS? YOU'RE A PARASITE, PAT. YOU FEED OFF THE DIGNITY OF OTHERS FOR A LIVING. AND NOW YOU WANNA FEED OFF THE MEMORY OF YOUR OWN SON? I HAVEN'T TOUCHED A DROP SINCE THAT NIGHT. CODY WAS MY FRIEND AND I LOVED HIM, AND I HAVE BEENFIGHTING EVERY SINGLE DAY  TO MAKE UP FOR WHAT HAPPENED. WE HAVE REACHED THE END OF OUR SHOW AND I WOULD LIKE TO THANK YOU... LOOK AT YOU, PAT. ARE YOU PROUD OF YOURSELF? YOU THINK THIS IS WHAT CODY WANTS, PAT? DO NOT TELL ME WHAT MY SON WANTS. We gotta go in. Not yet. - Jules? - Hey,oss,we're ready. Have her make the phone call now. Pat! The phone's gonna ring. You wanted the truth?You pick it up and you'll hear it. You're on the air. Mr. Cosgrove,my name is nicole bennett. I'm ryan malone's assistant. Only i'm not st his assistant. I was there. The night of the accide. I was there. I was in the car. And i just want you to know that your son,cody,he wasn't driving. Well...Thank you,nicole. Thank you for that. But mr.Malonwasn't driving either. Wwere all at that party... I-I honestly thought that i was okay, we were only going a few miles. It was late. There was nobody on the road. Cody was  the front seat... He didn't have his belt on. He was turned around talking to ryan in the back. I missed a curve... I was going too fast. Cody was dead. He was my boyfriend,and i loved him,and i killed him. God,we were so scared,mr.Cosgrove. Rn said,"put him behind the wheel. I said,"no. But he said cody would've wanted it that way. He would've wanted to protect me. He wouldn't have wanted me to wreck my life. Ryan td me he'd take care of it; that i shouldn't be involved. All ryan ever wanted to do was protect me. I'm so sorry. You didn't drive he car? My son didn't drive the car? No he didt,sir. But you let him take the blame for that? He loved nicole. I know that he wouldn't have wanted her to pay for this. He was that kinda gu your son. Well,i'm sorry. I wish,uh... I wish i woulda known my boy. Or maybe it's better that he idn't know me. What are you doing,pat? I was just was just trying to set one thing right. Pat? On my call,eddie. I'm sorry,cody. Wordy. This is pat "the lion" cosgrove signing off. Pat,what are you doing? Pat? go! Freeze!Stay right there,right there! Don't move! Oh no,wait,plse,i have to see him. They'll let me through.Please! I'm sorry. It's not your fault who i am. Your son would not have had a problem with who you are. Mr. Malone? So you've been protecting nicole for 10 years? We were all fries. I st cody,i didn't wanna lose her too. Sad way for cosgrove to end his career. Well,wasn't exactly a great day for malone either. You know,now that he's going to jail, you're gonna have to find yourself a new candidate. I still think he would've been a great mayor,i do. Well,maybe you should think about running for office some day. What,and give up all this? Paradise! Who's paradise? They arrest malone's assistant? Yeah,they're processing her right now. Can you believe malone kept her secret? Why not? He had a n to his head; he could've been killed. He was protecting his friend. I'd do the same. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: Ring