Ed: is it a red nebraska? Woman: stop!Stop! Oh my god!Help! - Nice. - Man: that is delicious.What's in this? Goat's cheese and pancetta in a puff pastry. - You like it? - Please tell me you're adding these to the menu. Waitress: boss doesn't even know she does these little experiments. Student chef: only on the graveyard shift. I had to come up with an original appetizer for school. Yeah, she's gonna move on to bigger and better things and leave me here all alone. Don't worry about it.Once i get my own restaurant, you can come and work for me. Nice. Morning. Uh, coffee, two creams? Young man: thought that something might be wrong with your phone. No, it's-It's working, i... Jeff? Look, this isn't the place. Well, then name the place and i'll be there. 'Cause if it's not here, i'm not supposed to go to your place anymore, you don't answer your phone... I'm sorry.It-It's just... There's nothing left to say.I'm sorry. Please, i'm the one who's sorry.Please. I think you should go. Zoe. Please. No. Jeff, this is a "no. " You think you can do better than me? - Zoe: don't. - Jeff: have you looked in the mirror lately? Stop!You need to go, now! Look at you! Leave her alone! Waitress: i'm gonna dial 911 right now, you son of a bitch.You let her go. Jeff: we are not done.We're not done! Zoe? Alison, what are you doing? That was an assault.He crossed the line. - I'm walking you home. - No, i'm gonna finish my shift. You've only got 15 minutes left, honey. I'm finishing my shift 'cause i'm not gonne let him change how i live my life. Excuse me. Zoe: dale?How about a warm-Up? It's okay. I'm gonna get going. Thanks. Spike... - Ready? - Sure. - Woman: hey, zoe. - Zoe: hey, rachel. Hey, archie. Come here. - Zoe: stay away from me! - No!No! - Zoe: don't touch me! - Man: zoe, please! Archie. Man: listen to me, you have to understand. Zoe: no, i am telling you... Man: come with me, please!Please don't make me do this. Zoe, please don't make me do this. Rachel: um, someone's having a fight with my neighbour, and i think she's being... Someone shot her. Jules: how you doing? A little better everyday. Jules: yeah, i hear ya. - Parker: good morning, team one. - Jules: morning. Parker: barring any calls, it's gonna be a light day. No warrants until this afternoon, so i'm thinking we're gonna patrol. You okay with that, eddie? Yup, yup, good with that. Parker: good. Leah kerns, first day, welcome. We're gonna take it easy today. And i'm sure remember everyone from the recruiting trials, So, i won't embarrass you with any speeches. Can i say something? Floor's yours. Leah: thank you for choosing me. I know why i'm here. You're down a guy and i'm replacing him. Don't hate me for it. Firefighting unit i served with, we lost one of ours, so... I know what that's like. If you wanna talk about it? We're good. Winnie: team one, suit up.Suit up.Shots fired. Let's go. Time and a place. Winnie: we have gunshot reports at 8112 wolf trail crescent. Parker: how long since the shot was fired? Officer: 15 minutes.I'm pretty sure we have a hostage situation in there. Parker: 'kay, any of your officers try to make contact? Police officer: no, i told my guys to maintain a hard perimeter and wait for the cavalry. Thank you. Okay, boss, the neighbour reports hearing sounds of an argument between zoe and an unidentified male. An argument with who?She have a roommate? Ed: lives alone. Sam: no, but she does have a boyfriend. It's not the first time the neighbour's heard them arguing. Yeah, but this time it got physical. All right, guys, i sketched a floor plan based on the neighbour's description. White wall, one window. Black wall, door. Sam, wordy and i, alpha team. - Leah: where do you want me? - Ed: bravo team with spike. - Stay on sentry, black wall exit. - Copy. - Parker: jules. - Jules: sarge? Parker: get me anything you can on zoe granger.Who her boyfriend is, and anything that can help, okay? Just feed me on the fly. Jules: got it. Winnie, i need a phone number for zoe granger, Winnie: copy that. Jules: 7:12 am, sru arrive on scene.Shot fired, possible barricaded domestic. They're not picking up. Go in aggressive. Hit it, hit it. - Sam: police strategic response unit! - Wordy: police, get down! Sam: bedroom clear. Kitchen clear. Sam. - Sam: backdoor. - Ed: go. Boss, they're gone. flashpoint Season 03 Episode 02</font> -=Http://bbs.Sfileydy.Com/=- Proudly Presents</font> -=Http://bbs.Sfileydy.Com/=- YTET-ÅÝÅÝ·É Ring </font> Ed: we checked.No sign of her, boss. Okay, new deal.Jules, call it. 7:21 am, armed abduction. All right, let's read the scene fast.Time's against us. Spike, need you in the truck for intel.Jules, the witness. Priority is the boyfriend's name, a vehicle, a destination, anything. - Leah: greg? - Yeah, leah? What do you want me to do? Parker: profile with jules, leah. - Copy. - Word to the wise? We call him "boss. " Jules: so, you do know his name? No.I don't even know her that well. After the gunshot, did you see anything?Did you hear a car take off? Oh, totally. A few minutes after the shot, i looked out my window and i saw this car come tearing out of the parking lot. Great.Did you manage to get a plate number? No, it moved too fast. Can you describe the vehicle? I don't know, four doors, uh, kinda old? You have to be a little bit more descriptive then that. Rachel: you know, my grandfather, he used to drive the exact same car. Kinda smelled inside 'cause my brother... Do you remember the colour? - Reddish? - Reddish. Okay, so you don't know a make? 'Kay, i don't know cars. Well, i have a friend who does, so... You're gonna come with us right now. He's gonna stay though, okay? Stay, archie. Ed: okay, boss, no signs of forced entry here except our handiwork. Parker: so either she was okay with inviting him in... Or she was okay with not being shot when he was waving a gun in her face. What do you got, sam? Small caliber casing, .380 acp. This matches the box of ammo wordy found i ***** So the gun was hers. Rachel: nope. N wait... No. Rachel, assuming the subject's vehicle is speeding away as we speak, time is kinda important here. Rachel: okaywell...i guess it sorta had, like, these long, strehed out cat eyes. Spike: cat eyes? Rachel: sorry. No, no, cat eyes, cat eyes...i can work with cat eyes. She's in cheschool. There's nothing here.Nothing to go on.No photos. Actually, there is.No photos means no family, isolated, maybe estranged. Right.Th's why she's with the badass boyfriend. Perceptive. Been there. - Pay stub. - Nice. We got a workplae. Parker: tt's great.Check it out, jules. Ed: boss, i'm thinking she kept a handgun just in ca.Let him in, hing not to use it. Parker: yeah, things go sout she goes for the gun...n her bag... Maybe there's struggle, goes off... Ed: and misses. There's no blood, so that's a positive. - Spike: boss, i got something. - Go ahead. Spike: subject's vehicle is a red nebraska, mid '90s. Parker: let's put an apb out on the car.One male, one female passenger. This is an armed abduction. If they'repotted, do not engage.Sru only. Copy.I'm gonna patch you into the red lit traffic cams too. Alison: oh my god, is she l right? Jules: we don't know yet.We think that she's beenbducted. It's gotta be jeff. Is that her boyfriend? Jeff stuckley.He was in here thisorning.They had a fight. - Jules: do you know where he lives? - Nouh... Leslieville somewhe. Jules: spike, jeff stuckley, leslieville address. Copy. - So he's her boyfriend? - Waitress: ex. Only he doesn't think so. You know, she keeps trying to break up with him, he keeps try to make up with her, But this morning it didn't work. Has h been violent with her?Made any reats? Yeah, i mean, he's rough with her, he's always putting her down. Why would she ay with him? Alison: "i need you, bab" uh, "all we have is each other. " And she fell fort every time. It's ke she couldn't think straight. Jeffrey is what we call "known to the police. " Break and enter, aggravated assault. Does he have a registered nraska by any chance? No, but carjacking seems well within his skill set. Jules: has she report him for assault ? Aliso no, she's crazy loyal. She's ally great gal please, make sure nothing happens to her. We're gonna do everything we can to bring her home. I got a home address. Okay, team, we're on the move. Jeff we could, but...i mean, that wouldn't be very smart. 'Cause i don't know where else you're gonna get a deal. Wordy: 8:14 am, subject contained. Jeff stuckley, where's zoe? - Jeff: i don't know. - Wordy: where's zoe? - Jeff: i don't know! - Wordy: where's zoe? Jeff: i don't know. Where is she, jeff? Sam: zoe granger? - I don't know. - You sure about that? A gun was discharged at her apartment this morning. She missing.You are a pers of interest. - What? - We're asng you. T where were you an hour ago? I was here. She's m girlfriend, man, what do you think i'm gonna do? Girlfriend?We heard zoe broke up with you and you were taking it pretty hard. - Screw you! - Where'd you go when you left the doughnut shop, jeff? Parker: this is a beautiful menorah.You jewishjeff? Spike?Feel like running some insurance numbers? Jeff: i don't know where she is, okay? - Parker: 573... - You know who you should be looking at? I'll tell you who you should be looking at. - Yeah? - Yeah, i'm serious, man. This weird guy, he hangs out at the donut shop 24/7. His name's dale. He's obsessed with zoe.He's got a re thing for her. - Excuse me. - **** you talk to zoe. Way look, man, i've seen the way you look at her.She's half your age. You wanna dance, old man? Don't you dare touch her again. E deserves better than you. I'm telling you, there's something off in the head with that guy. Ed: boss, the insurance numbers match, items stolen from a pawn shop earlier this morning. Jeff: must be a mistake. Are you interrupting my friend? Go ahead. The alarm was tripped at:05, he's in the clear. He didn't take zoe. The good news here, jeff, is that we still get to arrest you for robbery. What?You can't prove i did it. Ed: you were caught on the video surveillance camera.Officer wordsworth? Be my pleasure. Jeff: look, when you find her can you give her a message for me? Ed: nope.Keep walking, jeff. All right, new deal. He's gotta be talking about dale.He's in here all the time. Jules: so was he there this morning? Alion: he's in here every te zoe'working. He knows her schedule. Look, any gal that works in a coffee shop like this has a regular like dale. A guy that, you know, takes a shine to her. So he hhing foroe? Alison: in a sweet way. I think he's jt a lonely guy.A little intense maybe. - Intense. - Spike: do you know dale's la name? Alison: he never mentioned it. Jules: you see him a lot, what do you bout him? He doesn't talk about himself very much. Parker: what's he talk about? - Zoe. - Ske: does he ever pay with credit card? Alison: always cash. Ed: what kind of car does he drive? Alison: i guess he parks ouback.I've never seen his car. All right.Thanks, alison. Ed: spike, how many old del red nebraskas we got in the city? - Over 200. - Ed: first name dale? All ht, there's a dale mezzatesta... Da phyllis mezzatesta.That's a woman. Spike: too young, too far, too ung...dale murray, he's 51. Okay, that's our guy. 26 coyle street. - Jules: right near the coffee shop. - Okay, feed us info on dale. Pike: dale murray: self-Employed contractor. Ld on!He's flagged. Doesn't say why. Let me see if tre's a file on him. Mrs.Murray? Mrs.Murray: yes? Parker: , i'm sergeant greg parker, we're with the police strategic response unit. Is ur husband at home? Judith: my ex-Husband.No, he hasn't lived here in over a year. Ma'am,ith your permission, we wou like to come in and verify that forourselves. Of course.Go ahead. He's got a daughter. Wordy: it's musty. Nobody's been in here in a while. Maybe she moved out. Sam. Check it out. Guys? You gotta see this. More thajust a passing resemblance. Mrs.Murray, do you have a daughter? I did. I'm sorry? Isn't th why you're here? Because you think dale killed our daughter? Okay, let's get you outta there. Gime your hand. - Watch your head. - Dale, what's happening? Where are we? Never mind that.Come . Why are we here? Dale: come on Zoe: le, people are gonna be looking for me. Dale: they will never find you here. Come on. Spike: married for 19 years to judith. I got an open file on wendy murray, dale's daughter. She went missing when she was 18 years old. Yeah, go on. Spike: e was going back to college on a bus, but she never rived. No sign she was making plans to run aw. - Suspects? - Spike: nothing solid. But i can tell you who was a person of interest. - Let me guess. - Spike: dale murray. Parker: mrs.Murray, we're here because we believe your ex-Husband has abducted a young wan Named zoe granger two hours ago. That's zoe granger. Do you recognize her? No. Jules: she was abducted violently.There was aunshot. Parker: ma'am, you know anything... There's a trailer, just west othe city. That's where he lives now. Guys, we got a location. Ed: copy that. The policehought imight be dale; he was the last one to see wendy. He drove her to the bus station, so she could go back to college, But she never got there. Hold on, one second. - Where to? - I'm gonna stay here.I'll feed you directions on the fly. - Yojust go. - Ed: copy tha Go on. Dale said they had an argument. The police were all over us, investigating dale. They never told me what was going on. And i was going crazy and dale just hid in that damn trailer. No phone, just hiding. That girl... She looks like wendy. Sorry about the rgh ride. We couldn't take the chance *****. I put the blaets in the trunk,in the back,to make sure that you were more comfortable. I hope that was okay? Was it okay? Yeah,it was okay. Good. You like it? Yeah,i thought you might wanna put on some new clothes. Something fresh. Thank you. Wendy loves butterflies. Wendy? You know,it's time somee cooked for you for a change. I've got roast chicken,garlic mashed potatoes. Your favourite,right? I never would've thought to add the caramelized onions until i saw you do it. You saw me do it? Wh you started seeing jeff,i had to keep aeye on you. I kept my distance,of course i didn't want to interfere. It's not easy... Watching you like that. I am not gonna take my eyes off you again,not for a second. Anyway... We're together again,so let's not worry about the past. Would you like a glass of wine? No thanks. Maybe with lunch,yes? Right. Okay,good. Who's wendy? It's my daughter. How old is she? She's 21. So what does she do?Does she... I'd rather not ta about it,okay? Ugh,i'm sorry. It's the onions. No! Get ready,guys. Boss said after two miles of dirt road,trailer should be right there. Any other population up here? Campgrounds?Cabins? Not according to the satellite images.Just trs,trees,and more trees. Let's move it,let's go. Stop!Stop! No!Help! Boss,they werjust here. Door's open,food on the stove,car's missing... Table set for two,zoe's still alive. At least she was untithey left in a hurry. Hidden in the back of dale's closet... Pictures of zoe,her class schedule... Boss,he's had her under the microscope for months. She didn't even know it. Sometimes it's the quiet ones you gotta worry about. All right.Just keep looking.Fast is good. Copy that. Guys,transponders on.Fan out,full stealth. Wordy,contact regional pd, Get 'em to keep watch for a red nebraka in case our friend's hit the highway. Leah,you're with me. You got it. I'll get the parabolic mic,see what we can pick up. Well,good news. Dale and zoe were at the trailer,like you said. Just ********. Murray,o you think that... Your ex-Husband was responsible for your dauter's disappearance? He started acting odd. Go on,please. When i'd try to talk to him,he was... Nothere. He stopped bathing,eating... Lived in his on world,locked away in his tiler,cut off from everyone. Sounds likee had a breakdown.Did he get any help? He wouldn't stop staring at her photo,saying he loved her too much. Aying sorryher. He started talking about how he wanted to die... I made him go into the greenfalls institute. Greenfalls institute.Hold on one moment. - Team on e team leader,you copy?  - Copy. 'Kay,be advised that the subject has spent time in a mental facili, Dealing with a possible edp. You shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry. Sweetie,you can't r away. It's not safe for you out here. I just wanto go home. Honey,this is your home. Oh,please,dale! I'm doing this for you,can't you understand that? Oh,sweetheart...sweie,don't cry. We're gonna be happy here,just the two of us. I know we ll. No. No? I don't understand.Ou used to love it here,don't ou remember? Honey,you used to beg me to stay,you nevr wanted to go home. Dale,what do you mean? Dale? Vehicle approachin. Talk to me,spike. South southwestrom you. Is it our red neaskan? Can't hear the make andolour,it's definitely an old car. I'll bet he's heading back to the trailer. It's the police. Ed!He's braked!He's reversing. Okay,spike,we got him.All the roads lead to the same place. Follow my transponder signal How long at greenfalls? Six months. And how was he diagnosed? Severe depression,acute um... Something paranoid. Acute lusional paranoia? He kept imagining he'd finally f...Found wendy... And that people were trying to take heaway again. But when he was dischar his symptoms were under corol,right? No.Greenfalls is voluntary.He discrged himself. When he did,he wouldn't talk to me. N't touch m he moved his trailer to the woods,spent all his time there. I filed for divorce a year ago. Sounds like he never got better. How could he? Living with the guilt of what he did. What do you think he did? You tell me. You think he killed wendy. I'm gonna go make a phone call.I'm gonna be right back. There's thecar. We got a visual. You wanna aroach direct or cover from the truck? What do you wanna do? - Hit it hard.  - Copy that. Vehicle's immobilized,we're moving in. Aha team approaching on your left. Bravo on your right. - Police!  - Police! Clear! Clear! He thinks he has a better shot on foot. Probably knows tse woods inside out. All right. Ten mepart. Do not engage until we're in control position. Remember,he's still armed. Wendy murray. You're gonna have to rresh my memory,sergeant. She was 18-Years-Old,dettiv she disappeed about three years ago. She got on a bus,on her way to college never seen agai. Remember the case. We beat the bushes on that one. We chased every lead,ery scrap... And? She bought a bus tick. She intended to get to her destination. Why she didn't?We don't know. Ye,but the father,dale,y think he was involved? We looked at him. Had to he was our only lead. But in the d,we found no evidence whatsoever. The kid had a fight with her dad.She was 18. Par for the course. No connection. Youdon't think she's still out there? No phone call at christmas,no contact oany kind. She hasn't got any money,social insurance untouched for three years... Yeah,i hear i heara. There's only so long we cakeep looking for a body. Lookthe ex-Wife,she's convinced that the fther is responsible. Now,you're saying that there's no reason to suspect this g? No.I investigate a hundred v missing pers cases a yea. A lot of them kids. Where there's no body,there's no closure. It wouldn'te the first time i've sn parents lose it,start pointing fingers at each other. Yeah yeah,thanks,detective. - Dale,stop!  - Quiet! Help! I go 'em! Where? 750 feet,northeast,straight ahead. *****To be quiet. You need to stop,please. Help!Help ! Wendy,plea!Please,they're gonna hear you. ****** Police!Stop right there! Police!Don't move! Dale murray,stay where you are! There's nowhere to run,dale. Drop your weapon! You stay back! Stay back! Mrs...mrs...mrs.Murr. Dale didn'do anything toendy. He's doing what you'rdoing now. Wha do you mean? He's lking for someone to blame. The only thing in this world worsthan losing a child,isot knowing what happened to her. Youe blaming dale because that's an answer,and dals blaming himself because that's an answer t. But its not theight answer. Because neither one of you are to blame. I'm sorry,but wendy is gone. Judith,she's gone,and that is what you need to start dealing with. Now,zoe a dale,they're gonna come home safely, And when he does,he's gonna need help. Youan help him,you can be there,if you're willing. I've got theolution. We take out dale,zoe'll go over the edge with him. Copy that. Team one,status? Boss,we got h contained,but he's sti got zoe and he's still armed, And they're looking down at a 150 foot drop. Okay,team,listenp. Dale doesn't wanna hurt zoe because he believes that zoe is his daughter. Go on,sarge. Lose your daughter,she's missing for the years,and you've got a choice You can accept that she's dead,or you can believe hat she's still alive. Aoe looks like his daughter,he gets under his skin. He's trying to protect her. And a father always wants to protect his children. He is desional,no question. I'm sure he's not very happy to see you right now,is he? No.He isn't. Okay,well,that's probly because of the cops planted that seed. Father gets invesigated,and he stts to feel responsible,so just... Just go careful,eddie. We gotta stabilize him here. We gotta decrease pressure. 'Kay,jes? Go,sarge. Jules,want you to this negotiation.I'm gonna be your secdary. Got it. Spike,you got ears? I'll get the mic in up close,report back. All right,we got watch dale's back here. Werappel down the cliff,contain him from behind. It's too risky.He'll see ya. Plenty of trees for cover. Static rope willet us down. We n traverse across to their exact location. All right.Don't crest that cliff 'til you hear my go. Copy. Okay,i got the sweetspot i can hear 'em now. It's okay,it's okay. Ey,dale,my name's jules. You stay back! Absolutely.I'monna take a fteps ack here,and give you some space. Now,rememb,it's all about keepingoe close to him. He's just found his daughter,he's not gonna let go of her. Dale,you're really close to the edge rig now. If you wanna keep her safe,you might wanna take aew steps forward. Set the anchors no more than ten feet apart. Lea you got it. Quick question,sarge. If he thinks zoe's his daughter... Don't contradict him,but don't reinforce his delusion eitr. Findommon ground. That's right.Your job isn't to cu him,jules. Your jo's to guide him out of the crisis,that's it,nd you're doing great. Y just keep doing what you're doing. Hey,dale,can you tl me something about the woman you're with i can tell that she means a lot to you. You know,i admire what you're trng to do right now. I do.You're putting up a fight for what you think is right, You're tting yourself on the line. No reonse means that you've got his attention I think we all want the same thing re. Hold on,hold on,i got something. They're pying mind games with us again. He says you're playin mind games,jules. They think afte all this time i'm gonna give you up. Let go of me! - No,no,don't go!  - I'm n wendy! I don't need you to protect me! Don't go! Please,you gotta trust me! You gotta trust me. Zoe,take itasy! Take it easy,zoe! Co on,guys,talk to me,what's going on? Boss,zoe pulled a runner. He's got her ck.It's escalating. Boss,we're in place. Good,hold position,wait for my command. - Okay,zoe...  - Don't go!Trust me! Take it ey,zoe! Dale,why don't you let her go,let's see what she's gta say. I'm not gonna let her go! Jules,you gotta jump in there,youotta take control. Dale,what happeneto wendy was not your fault. I'm not letting her go! If i let her go,i'm gonna loseer forever. No! Got him! - Help!  - Zoe,hangn! I got ya,i got ya! We've got him! Easy,dale. Guys,sere the ropes. Leah's line's secure. I've got sam tied down. You've gotta let go of her,all right? I'm not gonna let go! Is this what you call keeping someone safedale? Listen to me. I'm sorry that wendy disappeared from your life. I cannot even imagin what you have been through. But i do know wht it is like to lose somebody ho had absolutely no business dying... And to have not had a chance to say gooye; And to be disgusted with people for just walking do the street li the world's the same place; That if you had just done something different. They still might be there. So you can keep on struggling, Nd get both of yourselves killed,and that will be ur fault. Or you can let go,and let yoursels live. What would wendy want you to do What would she want y to do,dale I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Bring him up. * Now the suggle has a name by the tragically hip play * * Now,the apology done * * Applause can begin * * Now,the apology's done * * Applaus begins * * If it bleed it leads * * If it cries,it flies * * If it feeds a ed * * If it dies * * It dies * * Now the struggle has a name * * If it doesn't fade... * T's not much,but it helps. You carry your friends with you.