the figuring had been done, Greg. I've got the slugs, Spike. We're on our way. Ed, the range is short and that thing doesn't shoot straight. You don't hit him dead on, it could be bad for Sam. Spike, we've got no choice. Why should he live? Why should he live?! When, every day, what he did kills all of us, Greg. it kills all of us a little bit more and a little bit more and a little bit more, till there's... there's nothing left. There is something left, Walter. What? There's no reason why. There's just people in pain, spinning around a black hole, hoping that somebody, anybody... Go, now! Could put chili peppers in her smoothie? No. No, shaving cream in her locker. Put shaving cream in her locker. That is a great idea. What are we, in summer camp? We're gonna short sheet her bed next? Come on, she's 10 years vet. She's been hazed by the best. We gotta come up with something good. Something real good. Sam, any ideas? Do we really need to haze her? I mean, she's not gonna be here forever, right? No, but we wanna make her feel like she's part of the team, right? We don't know when Jules is gonna be back. Guys, after the escort today, we take all the kevlar out of her vest, we fill it with cream cheese, then we do the obstacle course. First time she falls flat on her face, instant hilarity. You know what? You're a genius. All right, Wordy, get a camera for that. What are you? Mr. Mature all of a sudden? Come on, who's the guy that put the pepper spray in Spike's gear his first day, huh? Wordy. It's like you said, "we're not dealing with some rookie here." She deserves a chance to settle in. Make a good impression. Then you get the boots with the cream cheese... Hi, boys. Morning. Hey, Wordy, that escort job we have to today, I could use the shield... refresher that we talked about. Okay. Sure. 5 minutes? Mm-hmm. Awesome. Take your time. Yeah. Mm, 'kay. See you out there. All right. Gentlemen. What? It's just that sometimes you don't... really know what it is that's gonna set it off. It could be a... a song. Or, uh... something that she used to say. But this time it wasn't uh... anything like that. It was... more about the loneliness. Anyway it happened and now I move on. My name is Wendy and I miss my little girl. But it has been 8 days since my last drink and I'm just very happy to be here right now. I'd say you got our attention. Well, I was just trying to... throw you guys off a little bit. Spare myself the whip cream in the boot trick for a day or two. Yeah, well, you know the drill. Are you kidding? Back in vice, I wrote the drill. So, you were in vice for how long? Four years. Two in undercover. Apparently, I make a very convincing meth freak. Really? Which I try not to take too personally. Yeah, blending in with those guys... I don't think I could do it. Yeah. You know what the worst part is? You kinda get used to it. Oh, yeah? I saw the opening here, I thought... I wanna be a straight up good guy, you know? Sounds pretty damn nice to me. Uh, you know what? It's great. Okay, thanks, Spike. All right, we're gonna go over the brief one more time, catch donna up to speed. It's good to see you. It's good to see you too. Wendy. I thought I might find you here. Sorry about the wait. My lawyer's been all over it. You just need to sign and, uh... Well, I always thought your maiden name was prettier anyhow. Uh, look. Nobody's supposed to know about this, but... they're flying him in today. Who? What do you mean, "who?" The leslie spit killer is our escort job? Peter Wilkins, yup. 17 women in 6 years. eleven months ago, homicide's about to press charges and he bolts overseas. A month ago, he turns up in a mental hospital in Bernberg, Germany. He admits to everything: names, dates, dumping patterns. Weren't they holding him, saying he was too crazy to be tried? Yeah, but the legal wrangling is over. We say that he gets a mental competency hearing and they fly him over to us. And we're the welcoming party. His is a joint op. Us and the federal customs department. All right, our counterpart is, uh.... delia semple with the airport attachment. Now, airport might be in our city, guys, but, on the other side of customs, that's international territory. It's her jurisdiction, it's her rules. When did you get back from assignment? I mean, your parents have been calling. They said that they haven't heard from you... Got nothing to say to them. Oh, Walter, come on, you can't still... Oh, so you're passed that too, eh? Learn how to do that in one of your little groups? Yeah. You should try one sometime; it helps. Yeah, it didn't help so much last week. What happened then? You forget to forget her? You know, not all of us get to go off and be a war hero. Some of us have to stay right here, in the same house, and go by the same school that she went to everyday! Some of us don't get to forget, ever! All right, I'm sorry. I know I wasn't there when you needed me. There's enough "sorrys" to go around. Walter, it's taken me a lot of years and a lot of bottles to get here, but you can do this too, and you're not losing her by doing it. You're moving forward for her. Every time I close my eyes, I see her, Wendy. I see her lying on that thing they slid her out on, and I hear myself saying, "yeah, that's her, that's my daughter." Every time I close my eyes. And that's where you still are, but I can't be there anymore. and when you find that you can't be either, I want you to phone me. Any time. Even after this, okay? All right, we're gonna meet at the gate, the feds are gonna escort the prisoner to customs. Then we are gonna take custody, escort the prisoner to the psychiatric evaluation. Now, nobody knows he's flying in today, so there's no crowd control. But if anybody wants this guy? They will go through us to get him, all right? So, let's keep our eyes open. Let's gear up, hit the trucks. I have lived with, sold to, bought from scumbags, but protecting them? Come on. You got words of wisdom for that? Look, as for me, I get confused, I just think of my daughters. And whatever I gotta do, I do. A few guys just through the customs doors over there. So, straight across and out here to the trucks. Like I said, low profile all the way. Is it true that accused serial killer Peter Wilkins is being taken into custody today? And what do you have to say to the victims families? Ma'am, please, just stand back. Eddie, low profile. Hey, I followed every protocol you sent, this isn't on us. Right this way, guys. I know how some of you must be feeling right now, and I'm sorry. But right now we have a job to do, so, if you just vacate the premises, everyone'll be a lot safer. Thank you very much. Just a second. I just don't see the big deal? Mr. Broder, by the time we get Mr. Wilkins into custody, 'till the time we get him to that hospital, he's as exposed as he'll ever be. Just 5 minutes tops. 5 minutes is a long time to be walking through that crowd of people; we have no legal ground to restrain who'd want to kill this guy. And that's bad why again? Look, Mr. Broder, all kidding aside, my main concern is for my team and the job they have to do. Agent Delia Semple, Federal Customs Department airport attachment. Who's Sergeant Parker? Right here. How are you? Sergeant Parker, I understand you have a problem, which means I have a problem. No argument there. Good start. Solutions? We were just discussing those with Mr. Broder here. No matter where I move the crowd to, you still gotta go past 'em. He's not wrong. Once you're through customs, there's only one way to go. But not through that crowd. We could take the prisoner directly from the airplane; we have a truck on the tarmac. Out of the question. Look, we understand: tarmac's international grounds, federal jurisdiction. You need to hand him off on our turf, we get it. Boss, why don't we take him through customs, and then double back to a loading area, and have a truck waiting there? Our turf, take custody there, but we gotta keep the crowd preoccupied, or they'll follow the truck. Well, I can give 'em a little press conference, a little distraction, while you guys are getting Elvis outta the building. So, you wanna take the prisoner along a non-vetted route, through an international area where he's back under my jurisdiction, lie to the press and evade the public? Pretty much. Pretty much. Let's make it work. This is Agent Semple. Superintendent MacLean, please. Then get him out of the meeting, how about? Thank you. Superintendent, slight change of plan. Absolutely necessary, I'm afraid. Not a bad vacation For the guys who get to fly over, at least. Well, if you like jumping over the ocean in a metal coffin, sure. So there's something that you guys are actually afraid of? Well. You know what? We all have our weak spots. Could be anything: flying, cats... it was one cat; it was mean. I was there, it was mean. Oh, well, I'm with you. Try flying into Khartoum international, everything feels like a cakewalk after that. Khartoum? Youthful backpacking? It was year ago, went through a rough time, needed to get away. Helped train local police there. It was a good experience. Semple. Copy. They're coming off. Okay, subject's approaching. Everybody up. Peter Wilkins? Peter Wilkins, I hereby take custody of you and will transport you through customs, after which time you will be placed in the custody of the strategic response unit and transferred to Ossington mental hospital. Let's get this over with. Hey Sarge, Roscoe's trying to get you... Not now, Danny, I'm busy. Well, he wants you to go up to departures... Cover for me. I'll get your back later. Sorry, bro, cannot, they want me down here. Hey, what's up with the crowd, anyway? Somebody famous coming in or something? Well. I'm down here, so I'll deal with it. Yeah, but they want... I am exactly where I need to be right now. I'm gonna tell Roscoe. Tell whoever you want. You stay outta my way. Or you're gonna do what, big man?! All set, Sergeant. All right, I'll wait for your confirmation. Lewis, accompany the Sarge. Eddie, it's not necessary, I'm just making a statement. We know the new route; those people out there don't, and if one of 'em is planning on taking a run at our guy, that puts you in their way. Look, hey... sorry about that cat thing. We'll talk about that later. Diamond formation. Can I have your attention please? Everyone please listen it up. I'm telling you, Volcek is 10 pounds of crazy in a 5 pound bag, okay? He grabbed me. His eyes, Broder, I'm telling you, I get chills thinking about those eyes, okay? Danny, are you high? 'Cause I don't have time. Just to let you know, we'll be making an announcement in a few minutes. I beg your patience. You see the crap I'm dealing with right now? You think I have time for your crap? There he is. Okay, let's find out. Coming. All clear. Copy that. Something's going on with Broder. Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. Oh, Danny, get back to work. I'm hit! Team, status. Status. We just took fire. Who's hit?! Check the press! Who's hit! Wordy! Wordy's down. I'm good, I'm good, it's in the vest. Where's the shooter? No eyes! No eyes on the shooter. Prisoner's unharmed! The vest! Are you sure? Deep breath, Wordy. Let's go. Wordy okay? Someone help me up. Help me up. Agent Semple, stop! Agent Semple is pursuing the shooter! Sam and I gotta go! Negative. You stay with the prisoner, Ed. She's got no backup! Sam, go! Get her, bring her back! We're gonna take the prisoner to customs. Okay, let's do that. 1, 2, 3, let's go! Go, go, go! Approaching mechanical room. Level 3. Now... this stops now. That's up to you. Suspect is cornered, need backup immediately. It's over. Agent Semple, take cover behind me. Go-go-go! Sam! Eddie! Eddie, backup, now. Copy that. We're on our way. Negative, negative! Stand down. Stand down. Nice phone. Gps? Shooter on the loose... the whole area's unsecure. We protect the prisoner here until we apprehend the shooter and get sam back. Copy. Agent Semple, I'm gonna send my guys to the mechanical room. As soon as we get the prisoner... no point, they're gone. Oh, God, I'm so sorry, Parker. You need to get yourself checked out after that blast. I'm getting intel, I'll be there in 5. Let's get this vest off. Thanks, I'm fine. Just gimme one sec, okay? Sir, we need a room with one entrance and no windows. You got something? What about the holding areas for suspicious entrants? Got that? That's our communication, we can all hear each other with that. Listen very carefully. We are going to do a prisoner swap in 20 minutes. I'll contact you with a location. Okay, can you tell me if my officer's all right? He's fine. For now. Eddie. All right, no communication except by phone, everybody got that? Copy. We need a different location for holding, something secure. Wordy, you still need medical assistance. I'm fine. We need to get Sam. Let's go. I hear you, I hear you, but with the rounds you took, you're not running after anything. I'm not... So, I'm gonna put you on protection. We can't move that prisoner until we've neutralized the shooter and secured the area. We need you, Wordy. We just need you where we can use you. Whatever I have to do. Partner with Wordy? Yeah, yeah. Spike, Lewis, you're with me. Room by room, if we have to; let's see some floor plans. Hi. Hey. Walter Volcek. Joined custodial a month ago. Father of Julie Volcek, 14th victim of Peter Wilkins. My superiors have been informed. We're checking every security camera... Okay, thank you, we'll take care of it from here. We put the word out to all our agents on site. Our number one priority is getting your man back. Agent... Parker. He is where he is because of what I let happen. No. No, you didn't let anything happen, this guy's a pro. I'm gonna guess he's military. How's that? He's a great shot and he grabbed one of my guys, and that's a hard thing to do. Now, what I'm worried about, is his lack of care for getting caught or killed. That tells me he's desperate, which means he's dangerous. Well, don't think you can afford to turn down any help, can you? Okay, well... we can use some help interviewing staff and protesters and... the ever so vigilant security chief, Broder. Let's go. Over here. Sit down where I can see you. Right here. Don't move. You okay? Shut it! Is it bad? No, it's, uh... a rib or... maybe three. Wordy, in what universe is it fair that you protect that and you take a bullet for it? If you got an answer, I'd love to hear it. My wife Shelly's gonna ask me that in about 3 hours. So, you think of your daughters now. What do you want to do to him? I guess, uh... I think, when I go home tonight, and I hold my baby girl, it's gotta be with clean hands. Okay, sit. Sit. Right here, sit down. I've never seen it so empty before. That's procedure. We cleared the whole area for you. How are the ribs? My hearing's a little shot. It's just a concussive grenade. With your, uh, your body armour, there shouldn't be any real damage. Appreciate the planning that must have gone into that. You obviously don't wanna hurt anyone, except... Well, the plan's changed. Can't afford to be so considerate anymore. Infantry? Air force? Come on, not navy, please. You? Special forces. That figures. Jumps on a grenade. Tell all the ladies what a superhero you are? Yeah, infantry spend all your time bitching about special forces. And no flags come up when his name matches one of Wilkins's victims? How's that supposed to come up in a, a clearance check? Oh, I dunno, took semple's guys 30 seconds on Google yeah. Yeah, so, I'm the bad guy. Meanwhile, these poor people, you won't even let them get a look at the scumbag, who's off to get what, 10 years of ping pong? They don't deserve that justice at least? Who's the bad guy again, huh? Member of the victim's group said they got an anonymous call this morning. Come to the airport today. Figure Volcek made the call? Maybe. But then how'd he find out about the flight in the first place? How'd he get his gun through employee security? And who knew about the alternate route? Us, you guys, and Mr. Security there. Let me have a talk with our Mr. Broder. So... prisoner exchange... really? Saw it work in the Sudan. You in safari? Yeah, I was part of Unmis. The Sudanese army, they had a... bunch of rebels; they turned them over to us, rebels handed over some of their soldiers, it all seemed pretty straight forward. This isn't Africa. you got that right. If this was Africa, nobody'd have a problem with what I have to do. You lose somebody you love, I'm not saying I don't get you... get me? Buddy, don't even try to pretend, all right? What I'm saying is, from an operational standpoint, I'm not seeing the desired outcome being very likely, knowing our rules of engagement. Sudanese had rules too. The wives and the children of your soldiers are crying at your door every night, the rules change. People can do things they... never would've expected. I don't understand how Walter could've done something like this. I tried to help him, we tried to go to groups together, and he... he just, he couldn't do it. He just, he couldn't get past it. Is there anything else you can tell me? Anything that might reach him? It's just you... you feel so alone. You feel like you're the... you're the only person that's going through this and if he knew... if he knew that he wasn't alone. Thank you, Wendy, we'll let him know that. Ed, just spoke with Volcek's wife. You copy? Copy that, boss. What'd she say? He's a good guy. He was a loyal soldier. They had the one daughter, Julie. She was 15 when Wilkins killed her. There's some complicating factors though. Volcek was on assignment when it happened. Julie was with her grandparents, his folks. They let her stay out past curfew and she never came home. Walter hasn't spoken to them since then. Their marriage... well, you know, you know, the stats on that one... parents of murder victim. I mean, it's all pretty understandable. Textbook loser, eh? I am not saying that, Walter. Why not? I've lived with it long enough. Almost done though. You know what I want; give it to me, you can have me. Shoot me. I don't care anymore. Yeah, but I care. I care about my guy, and I do care about what you're going through, but I especially care about ending this without anymore pain. So, please, can you help me do that? Sure. Come and meet me. Gate 525. I'll have your guy, you have mine. Okay, but that's gonna take some time, Walter. 5 minutes. Let's get this over with. Okay, Spike and Lewis? securing level 2, I'm gonna meet 'em at gate 526. Okay, you're sierra one. Copy that. Broder gave himself up. Says he called in the tip to the group. Thinks he's being a righteous citizen. He swears up and down he had nothing to do with Walter. Just a bad coincidence. Yeah, hmm. We're keeping on him. Nice bit of talk there. Sounds like you had himin the end. Yeah, well... We'll see how much when we show up with no Wilkins. I've got eyes on both of 'em, we're sticking to hand signals for now. Copy. If he shows up, I'll be there in 5. Until then, if he makes any kind of move on Sam... copy that, boss. okay. okay. Boss, he's here. 'Kay, on my way. You've got scorpio, if you need it. Gonna bring my hand up very slowly, 'cause I'm sure you got a sniper on me and want him... I want him to see this. What the hell is that? Boss, we got a big problem. What, you can't take the shot? No, I can take the shot, but if I do I kill Sam. He's holding a grenade, the pin's been pulled. If I take him out, he'll take out Sam and anybody within 20 feet. I don't see Wilkins in 5 minutes, I let go. That's it. Unless somebody's got a better idea. "Unless somebody's a better idea." Is he talking to us? Ed, we need Spike to scan for any nearby radio receivers, I think Volcek might be trying to reach out to someone. I can't. Spike's covering him and Sam, if Wordy and Donna can switch with Lewis and Spike...? No, they've got Wilkins. I'm gonna call for a backup team. To get here in 5 minutes? Sergeant, let me help. Delia. The least I can do is help you do your job. You get your officers off Wilkins, I'll cover him. No, no, he's our responsibility, Once you handed him off officially. Look, we both know who's wearing this when it's over, and I'm ready to face that. So, let me cover for you. You go, I watch him, off the books. Come back, it never happened. Let me do this for you. And me. Thank you. Ed, Semple's gonna help. Get your guy. Bring him back safe. She'll send Wordy and Donna your way. Copy that. Hey, Walter. Greg Parker. So, we gotta figure this one out, huh? I was under the impression all the figuring had been done, Greg. Yeah, I'm gonna have to be honest with you, I'm not gonna be able to give you what you want. Spike, I need you to scan for any kind of radio frequencies. Boss's got a hunch. What about Sam? This guy's escalating. Let me try for a hand-to-hand takedown. It's too risky. He drops it, I'll lose you both. No way. No sniper, no distraction, no hand-to-hand, what do we have left? I'll get the slug. It's a longshot, I know, but it's all we got. So, you wanna tell me what this is all about then? I just, uh... just need some time here. Okay, you want time. You wanna explain that to me? Can't explain it to you, Greg, 'cause you don't know. Nobody knows. People who say they do know, they're the worst. You know, all these people, they say they want to help you, they just don't leave you alone, you know? But you gotta be alone to understand why. Right? I've got the slug. Spike, we're on our way. You gotta be really careful, okay? It'll do the job, it'll paralyze on contact, but, Ed, the range is short and that thing doesn't shoot straight. You don't him dead on, it could be... it could be bad for sam. Spike, we got no choice. Why should he live... when every day, what... what he did... kills all of us? It kills all of us, Greg, a little bit more, and a little bit more and a little bit more, until there's nothing left. There is something left, Walter. What?! What's left, Greg? What's always been there, family. Your family. It still needs you, no matter what. Family... let me tell you a little bit about my family, Greg. I have a... an ex-wife... who drank herself into a coma every night for 4 years! And she pities me! I have a mother and a father that I can't even look at without thinking about throwing up, and I have a cd where a daughter used to be; there's no family left, Greg! See, that's what you realize. I mean, there's no reason why, there's just people in pain, spinning around a black hole. Hoping that somebody, anybody... Go now! Go, go, go! Stay down! Stay down! Don't move! Don't move! Stay down! No! Noooooo! No! Get him up. We know who's working with you, Walter. Come on. It was Broder, right? Yeah. He put the call into the, into the victim's group for a distraction? The alternate route, he tipped you off? What's this "better idea" you're talking about? What's he supposed to do? Come on, buddy, he's already in custody. Whatever it is, it's not gonna happen. And the more co-operative you are, the better it'll be for you. This isn't the Sudan, Walter. We can't change the rules. We gotta job to do, no matter what. What about the Sudan? He was stationed there last year. Why? Wordy, Donna, get back to the prisoner, right away. What's up, boss? Stupid. Superintendent McLean's office? Yeah, did Agent Semple call today, about a change in the escort route for, uh, Peter Wilkins? Thank you. Okay, Ed, uh... they didn't get a call, they didn't get a call, she wasn't talking to them. So, what's that got to do with Broder? Yeah, and I think Broder was telling the truth. He didn't have anything to do with this. It was Walter and Delia. Run. I need to make it look like you tried to escape. I said run, you son of a bitch. Run!! Clear. There not here, boss. Listen to me, Walter. I know you think you're trying to protect her, but you're not. If Agent Semple hurts that man, she's done, she's destroyed. Have you not been listening, Greg? She's already done. Run! Wilkins got her sister the same time he got my Julie. She could've lost it like most of us, but she was... she was strong. She didn't even tell her superiors. Her sister had a married name, so she just kept it to herself. She tell you this in Khartoum? The Sudan? Yeah. It's like it happened for a reason. I mean, what are the chances, both of us there, both of us trying to get away from the same thing. But you can't... you can't get away. You can't get away. It's like you can... it's like you can smell it on each other, you know? It... stinks. Like, uh... like gasoline. That kind of pain. What's she gonna do, Walter? All I had to do was shoot him. Now that's all she has to do. Boss, we're looking at the CCTV now. Wait a minute, wait a minute. If she used her ID card, there's a record of it. Right here, I got her. Third basement, right below us. The two of you get down there, I'm on my way. Copy. Right around the corner. No, please. Close your eyes and this'll be over. Please. Close your eyes! Please... Agent Semple! I just want him to close his eyes. You need to put the gun down. I just need him to close his eyes. I said, close your eyes! Oh, please. Donna, on target. If you don't put the gun down, we'll be forced to shoot you, do you understand? Delia. Delia, what're you doing? This isn't right, this isn't justice, this is vengeance, you know that. You don't know what I know! Okay. But can I tell you what I do know? You've had Wilkins all alone for nearly 20 minutes. You could've killed him by now, but you didn't. Because you're a cop, you're not a killer. I was a good cop. I was a good sister. And you still can be. No, he took that away. Now I'm just this! Delia, no! Stay down! Stay down! Stay down! After which point, Mr. Wilkins was returned to our custody and the body of Agent Delia Semple was transported to Metro General, awaiting an autopsy. Donna, you have anything to add? How did SIU go? I shot a cop; they're really happy. Donna, we have a saying here: "just 'cause you did right, doesn't mean you get to feel right." Our hands are clean, yeah?