Spike,any other way in? Negative. Wordy,hurry,we need the umbrella! We gotta get in there! Everyone inside the barn,stand back from the doors! Stay back! ***** You gotta pay inside,first. what? No one trusts anyone anymore. You okay? Yeah,i'm fine. There you go.Have a great day. How're you doing?Can i help you find something? I need some money. Okay,the atm is just in the back. Please,just give me the money. That's it. This is all you have? We don't usually keep a lot of money in the register. Well,this isn't enough.I need more. Don't these places have some kind of safe? Yes,but this is my second day.I don't know how to open it. keep your hands up. Keep your hands up.Stay quiet. can we please have one? Nope. please,mom? Stay where you are! Oh please,don't...Please don't hurt us! Okay,give me your purse. Take it,take it.Just take it. Take it,take it.Take it. You move!Go stand next to her! Keep your hands up where i can see them! It's okay. Your car,does it have gas in it? Yes,yeah.I just filled it up.It's yours! okay,that's good. No,you're gonna come with me. - Oh god,no! - come here. Okay,okay.Just... mommy! It's okay,baby.It's okay. stay there.Stay there! Go slow. wait,wait,wait,wait! No!No! Go back!Go back! All right!All right! stay there!Keep your hands up! No!No,i can't let them take me! It's okay,honey,it's okay. It's gonna be okay,baby.We're all right. Stay quiet! You break that bag,they don't give us another one. You know what?I'm just a little frustrated. Clark's beating me up.He wants to go to a party. I won't let him go.It's just a hassle. What's the big deal? I'll tell you what the big deal is: there's no parental supervision. Ah,parents away,kid takes advantage? You telling me you never went to a party like that when you were clark's age? Why do you think i don't want him to go? No offence,ed,but your kid plays the cello. I don't know how much trouble he's really gonna get into. Funny.Funny stuff. Team one,hot call! Hostage situation! Gas station.528 brock road! All right,leah,wordy,cover the exits. We need a hard perimeter on this. - copy that. - copy that. Sam,let me know how many hostages we got in there. We might be able to get a snake cam in through the garage. I'm on it. Okay,spike,get the truck. Copy that. How many subjects did you say? just one.A woman. At least one hostage.Maybe more. You have any contact with her? she started screaming at us to go away,waving the gun around. Seems unstable. Who called 911? Okay,thanks a lot.Let's go,jules. Hello,sir. You call 911? Yes,sir,i did. What did she seem like when you talked to her? Oh,she was scared.Kind of jumpy. Which car was her's? The red one. Please,stay right there. Eddie,we're coming in. Looks like the plates have expired. Yeah,like um...15 years ago. Spike,i need you to run some plates. Tango-3-Uniform...Zulu-Niner-Seven-Niner. Copy that. She can't get out this way. Rear door secure. damn it!They're everywhere! Isn't there any other way out? Gas station attendant: no. If you just give yourself up... I'm talking to the lady in the store who's in charge right now. This is the police strategic response unit. I'll be calling the store phone shortly.I need you to pick it up. Go away! How're you doing? My name is greg parker.Can you tell me your name? Can you tell me how many people you have in there with you? Three. That's good. How are they?Are they okay? Yes. I'm glad to hear that. Now,i wanna make sure that everyone in there comes out safely, and that includes you. Then stay away and let me go! Well,i just want to help you. you're a cop. That's right. so tell me why i should trust you! Hey,spike,you run those plates yet? Car is registered to a rachel simpson. You got a photo? Sending it to you now. Mr.Milroy? Is that the woman? yeah,She's older than that,but that's,yeah,definitely her. Well,thanks. Address on the licence is her parents' place in forest hill. They still live there. What's an uptown girl doing robbing a gas station? And driving an old beater? Okay,go talk to the parents,see what you can find out. On it. How're you doing,eddie?You got eyes yet? Boss,we're working on it. Sam,what do we got? Almost there. We've got eyes. We have to go down there,try to talk to her. She hasn't talked to us in 15 years. You think she wants to start now? Where's she been living all this time? A place called the farm. The rehab facility? Does she have an addiction problem? Rachel started drinking when she was 14. By the time she turned 16,she'd moved on to cocaine. Was it your idea for her to go to rehab? I came home one afternoon and found her passed out on the floor. I tried to wake her,but i couldn't. I was so scared. Okay,subject is armed with what looks like a... 380? Three hostages.Two adults,one little girl. So far they look unharmed. Rachel simpson's as clean as a whistle.No criminal record. She been the victim of a crime? Nothing's coming up. So what's her problem with cops? We could be dealing with some kind of paranoid disorder. Let's hope she doesn't think the hostages are out to get her,too. I don't think she sees them as the enemy. What are our tactical options? Explosive entry through the door? Can't take the chance of setting rachel off,not with that little girl in there. Okay,let me work on that. I wanna go home. I know,sweetie. They're just trying to help. I told you,if you want this to end,you have to leave! I can't do that,rachel. How do you know my name? Rachel,listen to me. You want to get out of there,i want to help you do that. But first,you have to let these people go. You're just trying to get me to open the door so you can shoot me. No,no,i give you my word,rachel,that's not gonna happen. Okay,you don't want to let everybody go, how about you let the mom and the little girl go? All right. Thank you,rachel. Thank you. Okay,here's what's gonna happen next: i'm gonna have one of my men waiting near the front door, but he's not there to hurt you. He's there to help the woman and the child get to safety. The farm was supposed to be a really good facility, all about living off the land and getting back to nature. Rachel get clean? Yes,but then she wouldn't come home. And then we found out that she and charles had gotten married. Who's charles? Charles stewart.He runs the farm. Do you have his number?I need to talk to him. Charles doesn't have a phone. He doesn't want any contact with the outside world. Right.I did hear that the facility is very secretive. He wouldn't even let us talk to our own daughter. A friend of ours is a cop.We brought him back there with us, see if he could intimidate charles into letting us see rachel. That work? She said that we were a negative influence on her life and that she never wanted to see us again. Charles had already turned her against us. Officer callaghan. Charles has got a real hold on our daughter. Now,if she's robbing a gas station, i wouldn't be surprised if he was the one behind it. The farm. Didn't the police investigate that place a couple years ago? Yeah,but no charges were laid. Okay,i'm gonna head over there and see if i can talk to charles stewart. Maybe he can tell us why rachel's doing this. Jules,send me the address,i'll meet you there. Sam,i'm gonna put you in charge of tactical. Be ready with entry options in case negotiations fail. All right,you got it. Wordy. Go slowly towards the door. It's gonna be okay,honey. She's getting ready to come out. Everyone maintain position. You open the door slowly. Go slow,go slow. Just don't hurt me or my little girl. Go,baby,go,go. It's okay,honey,grab my hand.Come towards me. - That's right. - Go,go,go. Ma'am,just come towards me slowly. Okay,let her go. Okay,just grab my arm.Just go right behind me. Stay right behind me,okay? Very slowly. No,you have to come back in! Rachel,rachel,it's okay. It's okay,rachel! Rachel,it's okay! No,please!Let me go! How do i get out? I don't know! -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: Ring Flashpoint Season 03 Episode 06 I've gotta get outta here! She's completely shutting down. Well,it's definitely isolated. Hey,buddy! Is it something you said? What can i tell you?Ie got a way with teenagers.I don't know. An electric fence. Pretty serious about keeping people out. I guess so. This is private property. Sir,i'm ed lane.This is jules callaghan. We're with the police. Are you charles stewart? What is this abo? Mr.Stewart,your wife robbed a gas station this morning. She's holding three people hostage. my mother would never do something like that. - Isaac. - She's your mother? Mr.Stewart,if you can just open the gate here,we need to talk to you about rachel. Isaac. I'd prefer if you left your weapons outside. That's against regulations. We're jst here to talk,sir. So,you had no idea your wife left the farm this morning? none at all. Is rachel okay?She hasn't hurtnyone,has she? no,she hasn't,but we need your help so that we can keep everybody safe isaac... Go finish your chores,then work on your book report. Yes,sir. Sir,do you know why rachel is doing this? Mr. Stewart,if younow anything,you need to tell us. Uh,rachel hasn't been herself lately. She's been moody,distant. I'm worried she's gone back to her old ways. You think she's using again? Don't know. How else to explain her behaviour? Bring her back here.She needs help. This is the bst place for her. Mr.Stewart,i've never seen a rehab facility with an electric fence before. The world's a dangerous place.I do whatever i can to keep  people safe. Okay,we're gonna need to talk to some of rachel's friends here. These people,they're recovering addicts. I'm sure youan appreciate how upsetting it might be to be interrogated by the police. Look,i understand that,but right now, sir,we need to do everythg that we can to make sure that rachel and everybody else gets out safely. Charles? What is it,james? I need to speak with you. Excuse me a moment. Okay,what's going on there,eddie?What's the situation? I'm telling you,boss,this guy's hiding something. Okay,you keep looking. We've got rachel here.Feels like she's shutting down. I think she might be using again.We can't take that chance,so... We need to go tactical. How do you want to go in? Police!Drop yur weapon!Drop your weapon! No! No! No!Let me go! Let me go!I have to go back! I have to save my son! What's wrong with your son? just let me go.Please. If your son's in trouble,rachel,you can tell us. - I can't. - Yes,you can.You can try. He's gonna kill everybody. Who?Who's going to kill everybody? Charles!I have tgo back! You have to let me go! Please. I have to save my son. Please! Please! Jules,eddie,watch your backs. If rachel's story checks out, charles may be planning a mass murder there today. Spike,what do we know about charles stewart? Ex-Heroin addict. D some time for possession when he was 18. Looks like he got clean. Started up the farm about 20 years ago. About eight ars ago,a woman named linda gase went into the farm for treatment. Her husba claimed that charlesas keeping her there against her will. Gave the police probable cause to search the place. They raid the farm in the middle of the night,they turn it upside-Down. That'd explain the animosity toward the cops. And they find no weapons and no evidence of criminal activity. Well track her down,see what we can find out. Mrs. Gase,rachel is in a lot of trouble. If you know anything,please tell us. Rachel would ner go back tosing drugs. She wouldn't do that to isaac. Was she upset about anything? Problems in the marriage? She and charles haven't been getng along lately. Do you know why? She doesn't appreciate him. A man like charles deserves better than that. Soundsike you're very fond of him. Before met charles,i was hooked on meth. Charles saved my life. He saved all of us. He's a hero. I owe him everything. Your husband believed you were being kept here against your will. He couldn't understand why i didn't want to leave. Is is my home now it the only place i can be safe. Thank you.Excuse me. How long have you lived here? Eight years. Have you,um,have you seen your family? You're pretty good with that ax. She never should've left the farm. It's too dangerous out there. Your father tell you that? He knows what's best for us. Let me ask you,you and the uh... You and the other kids,you go  school around here? My father teaches us,here at the farm. So what?So you never leave? No need. Huck finn. Pretty good book,right? What do you mean,yeah? Two guys going down the mississippi on a raft. Retty exciting stuff,right? I guess. You never think about doing anything like that? Getting out there,exploring? I have everything i need right here. Why would i ever want to leave? Boss,charles has taughthem to feaeverything outside the farm. His own son's never been off the property. Yeah,you should hear how they talk about this gucharles. They're totally devoted to him. This is sounding like a cult mentality. The people that come here,they are... Desperate,and they give themselves over mind,body and spirit. And trade one dependency for another. And to maintain control,he convinces them that this is the only safe place. Okay,well,just take a look ound,see what you can fid. I needed money and gas,and then i was gonna go back and get isaac. You should've gone to the polce. I know,rachel,you think we're the bad guys, but it's charles who's threatening to kill all those people,including your son. No. Come on.Let me help you. I can't do that until you start trusting me. Please. Drop your weapon! Safety's on there,james. And this is an mp5 submachine gun. Fire800 rounds per minute,400 metres per seco. So,unless you want a demonstration, i ggest you drop your weapon and we can talk about this. My father was right. You can'te trusted. Isaac,that's not true. We're here to help you,son. You're lying. Isaac,put t gun down! Isaac! You first! Put  down! Isaac... Do it. Okay,son.All right. Put your hands behind your head. Okay,take it easy. - It's okay. - turn around. Charles is gonna want to have a word with you. Sarge,we got a probl. What's gog on,jules? They got ed. Isaac and one of charles' men took him at gunpoint. Where are you now? I'm still in theerimeter.I'm gonna go after him. You should wait for backup. Sam's right.They're probably already looking for you. Just stay out of sight.We're on our way. Copy that. They wouldn't kidnap a cop unless something serious was going down. Okay,team one,listen up. We assume that all radio contact has been compromised. From here on out,cell phones only. Rachel,if i'm gonna have any chance of stopping charles from doing anything stupid, you need to tell me everything you know about him. Like,do you have any idea why he would wanna do this? I heard him saying something about voices guiding him. Voices?What do they tell him? That death is thenly thing that will keep his people safe. And how often does he hear them? Only one other time as far as i know. When charles was in his twenties,he,he almost died of heroin overdose. When he came to,he said the voices saved him, told him he needed to get clean,help others do the same. So,he believes the only way to do that is by isolating them from the outside world? It wasn't always like that. People would get clean,they used to leave. So what changed? About seven years ago,he lped a guy named gary kichis cocaine habit. He went home,but after a few months he started using again. He died of an overdose. That's when the fences went up. Charles was afraid that if anyone left the farm, they would end up like gary. He became more and more parano. Bought guns... Wouldn't let anyone in or out. What mes a man like that go from wanting to keep people everyone safe to wanting to kill them all? Thank you,jas. And put these someplace safe,please. This how you treat all your guests? What are you taking,charles? If you're using again,you can't thk straight. Are you really gonna kill all thes people? ******Is that why you're doing this? I'm doing this to save my people. By what,charles?By sentencing them to death? You're judging somethin you couldn't possibly uerstand. If you're doing it to save thm,why don't you just tell them,charles? Why keep it from them? Thespeople are like my children, and children don't always know what's best for them. Spike,let's get rachel in the truck. Okay,rachel,we need you to draw a map of the farm. Every way in,how many buildings there are, where they're situated,okay? This way,please. This way,right now.Thank you. jules,we're here.How're you doing? I'm fine. I've set  a sniper perch in the centre of the compound. Any sign of eddie? Negative.And charles must be getting nervous. He's got two armed guards at the main gate. Copy that. Keep your eyes open anything that might tell us how he's planning on killing these people. I say we take charles first. Yeah,cut off the head of thenake. Okay,let me try talking to him first. What about isaac? Your own son.Your own flesh and blood. You're telling me you're willing to kill him,too? More than anyone. Isaac needs to take this journey with me. That'd be for you. This is charles. Hello,charles,my name is sergeant gregory parker. I'm with the police strategic response unit. I understand you're holding one of my colleagues. Any chance you can tell me how he's dng? He's fine. Oh,thank you very much.I'm glad to hear that. Il let him go if you let my wife come home. Well,i'm sorry.I cannot agree to do that. Then there's nothing left to say. Okay,charles,hold on. Help me understand. You created the farm to help people,to savtheir lives. So why are you doing this? my people need me.I can't desert them. Come on,listen to me.No one has to die today. It's not too late to call this thing off. I wish that were true. Get the supplies and gather everyone into the barn. it's time. You gonna keep trying to talk him down? I oubt it'll work. Guy thkshat what he's doing is necessary.He's like noble even. Options,sam? Our best point of entry is right here alongside an old delivery road, that,according to rachel,not many people know about it. Coming with us,boss? Well,i figured you need at least e bald guy in the field. All right,let's head out. Isaac,you gotta cut me loose here,son. You're not going anywhe until the cops let my mom come home. They're not gonna let your mother come back here to be killed. Isaac,it's that simple. What're you talking about? You don't know what's going on here,do you? Okay,isaac,listen to me. Your father plans to kill everyone onhis farm,including you. No,i don't believe yo why do you think he doesn't want me looking around? isaac. He's hiding something. No,my father wouldn't rt anyone! Isaac... You mother found out about it. That's why she's tryig to get money,to get you out of here. Isaac,she's trying to save your life. No. My father said that you'd say anything to get meo let you go. I understand that you love your father and you have been raised to follow him without question. But there comes a time in all of our lives, son,when we have to think for ourselves. Now what your father's doing is wrong. Your mother knows that. Now,if you can help me,i can stop him. I can fix it. Isaac? Your father needs to see you. Come on. I'll be back for you. One,two,three. One,two three. One,two,three. All clear. All right,let's move. Sar,they've got ed at charles' house. It's the first building northeast of the barn. Copy,jules. What do you want to do? All right,wordy,leah,you take the main gate. The rest of us will go after ed. Copy. **** This what it takes to get you outta the truck? He didn't gag you? You get charles? No,not yet. He was taking some kind of drug,probably hallucinogenics. That would explain his panoia and delusions. What do you need? You got your knife? Yeah,hold on. Morphe. Demerol. Prescription pain killer hey,winnie see if you can get a hold of a dr.Jane barkin. She prescribed some drugs for charles and i want to know why. And let the team know that edie's safe and we're back on com. Copy that. You ready? Lead the way. All right,inside. That's it.We're safer inside. Sarge,they're ushering everyone into the main barn. Do you see any weapons? They're carrying three containers. Can you tell what's in 'em? One says chlorine. The other one says n-H. Nh-3? Looks like it. Ammonia. They're making poison gas. Move in,now! Wordy,we need to get a truck in here!We need gas masks! Leah,alert d-Mat! On our way! Copy that. Dad. What's going on? It's okay. Thank you,leonard. Isaac,i need you to go inside now. Is everyone accounted for? They're all inside. Please,isaac,do as you're told. It's true,isn't it? Inside,now. Dad,are you're really gonna kill everybody? Okay,come here. I kn. This is hard to understand,but i am doing this to protect us. - Haven'i always taken care of you,kept you from harm? - Yes,but... I'm your father,and i will always do what is best for you. All right? Deep inside your heart you know that. You know it. Please,isaac,i need you to trust me right now. Come on. Good man. Go,go. They're getting closer.Go. I'll hold them off. It's okay.Go. Subject down. Charles,what's happening? Ah,don't be afraid. Why are you locking us in? I promised that i would keep you safe,and i will...In this life and the next. - what is that stuff? - Hey,wait a second. Charles,what are you doing? It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. We'll all be together fever. Let us out! It's okay.Trust me,it's okay. Door's jammed from the inside. Spike,any other way in? Negative. Wordy,hurry.We need the umbrella. ***** Everyonenside the barn,stand back from the doors! Stay back! Everybody,move! Move!Move! This way!Hurry! Where's charles,jules?Can you see him? No visual. He must still be in thbuilding. Everyone just stay calm. Move it! There!I see him! Everyone out!This way! Everybody out! Keep moving! get him out of here!I'll go after ed! Hurry!Move it! Boss,i just got f the phone with the doctor. I think i know why charles is doing this. Stop right there! We'll be together.I will never leave you. Dad,please! don'come any closer! Don't! Jules? No joy.Tree's in the way. Dad,please... All right,charles,just take it easy. He has to come with me.It's he only way. Okay,charles,i know you have cancer. - Dad? - Get away From us!get away! Charles,i know you don't have much te here. Just get away from us! Charles... I am sorry for what you're going through, but just because you're dyg, you know,charles,doesn't mean isaac has to. What kind of life will he have without his father? I promised to take care of him,to take care of all these people. And i understand that,charles,i do. I get it.Inow what it's like to... To want to prott your family,to keep them from making mistakes. Butt a certain point you have to trust that you have given them the tools to make the right decisions. Charles,you have saved a lot of people here. You saved their lives,and you've raised a pretty great kid there. So please don't rob him of the opportunity to livhis life,charles. I'm sorry,son. I'm sorry,isaac.I'm sorry.I'm so... - I'm so sorry. - Dad. You can't come with me. Go on.Go,go,go. - Dad? - Isaac,walk towards us. - I love you,isaac. - I love you,too. Isaac,come on. Charles... Dad! No! He's gone!He's gone! Isaac,he's gone. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. There's nothing you can do. No! - It's over. - Dad! * It's with a veil * * She gives her heart * * Is she afraid that they'll fall apart * * It's with a word whispered alive * * The depths of his heart * * There it confides swallowed in fear * * And handled in doubt Afraid that it can't Gon without * * Will they miss a rose * * If blind to the bloom * * Darkness for light * * And shadows to lose * * The beacons for them * * The calling of stars * * A pleading for two * * Don't fall apart * * They met at the gate Late afternoon * * The mouths of the trees Whisper to news * * Shoes underfoot And soullit alive * * Unsure of themselves But feeling the tide * Think th kid'll be okay? i think so. He's got a good head on his shoulders. Hey,buddy. You doing your homework? You know th party that you want to go to? You can go. Who's gonna be there? So,can i go? I'm kidding.Clark,i'm kidding.