William Bell told me that Newton will try to open a doorway from our universe to the other side. You once build a door that let you walk between world. Tell me how you did it. I can save him. - Peter is dead. - I'm talking about the other Peter. The one on the other side. - You are not my father. - Of course, I am. I've done enough damage, I have to tell him who he really is. You feel that? What? - The shaking. - A whole lot of shakin' goin' on. - No, I'm serious. - And you're stoned. Give me that. I thought you said this place was abandoned. I'm gonna check it out. - We should just go. - No, just hang tight. I'll be fine. This totally sucks. What took you so long? You scared the hell out of me. I want to leave here, Dave. _.•´¯¯LIAISON¯¯`•. _ ¯`•. __Team__.•´¯</i> Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 19 -The Man From the Other Side-</i> Bon épisode... Come on, Walter, not again. I'm just rearranging. It's not quite right yet. It's fine. And it was fine yesterday and fine the day before that. A well-ordered house is the sign of a well-ordered mind. But staying up all night to find the perfect place for your laundry hamper is a sign of something else, in my books. Come on, leave that for later. I got you a surprise. I thought maybe we could bake a pie together. Your favorite... say, pecan? I got all the good stuff. You want to whip the batter? The batter can wait. There's something we have to talk about. Fair enough. It's your room. Decorate it however you like. It's not that. There's something you deserve to know. Every living thing... dies. As a scientist, that's one of the hardest things to accept, that we try to understand the mechanisms of life, but inevitably, we can't defeat death, No matter how much we may want to. It's Olivia. What's up? - Sure. We'll meet you outside. - Something happened? I guess so. She's on her way to pick us up. I'll get my field kit. It's all right, Peter. It can wait. Name's Jill Redmond. Her purse was found outside the car. Patrolman found her with a broken neck. That's the cause of death. But the medical examiner found this. Three puncture wounds in her soft palate. Raised a red flag in the FBI database and came up the chain to me. Shape-shifters. The last time we heard of Newton and his men was in New York. They must have needed her identity for something. What else do we know about her? We're running a background check on her now. We should send a photograph to the local and state law enforcement, make sure they know that she just got a lot more dangerous than she looks. Look... It's a lemon zinger, I believe. It's not as good as the stuff I grow, but it's not bad either. At least she died in a happy place. I'm not so sure. The girl's wearing lipstick, but there isn't any on the joint. You think that maybe she was with somebody? Maybe... Maybe someone who was lucky enough to get away. Three puncture wounds to the soft palate. All clear. The rest of the place is deserted. Except for this. Wait. Walter, have you seen anything like this before? I think I may have. It's awfully familiar. It reminds me of a beanbag chair I once owned... 1974. So when a shape-shifter takes a body, it's because they want access, Like, the one that turned into the nurse, came after me at the hospital, or Charlie. So what would the shape-shifters want with these kids? That's a good idea? I think it's harmless enough. Mercury. If that's mercury, do you think that this is a shape-shifter? I do believe it is. Isn't that wonderful? Good morning. We're here to pick up a camera, an Argus, A2b 35mm. The secretary told me there would be three of you. There was a problem. The third didn't make it. Marvelous. That feels like an embryo, in the sense that it's not fully developed. Developed? Well, my theory is that this is the state in which they enter our universe. And as I've said, being partly mechanical, they can cross over in a way that humans can't, but... this one... seems to have failed to mature properly. Peter, would you take a look? Shape-shifter embryo. Adorable. So the two teenagers... Maybe there were two more of these that hatched and killed them. It's a sound proposition, But presumably the embryonic shape-shifters would have needed features, human identities. They certainly wouldn't blend in otherwise. So then those two teenagers were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. It's got dozens of different amino acids, which would allow it to survive in the foreign conditions of our universe. Okay, that was Broyles. Astrid, I want to see if we can download this file from the FBI's secure server. The African elephant is the largest...</i> This was recorded last night. Now just before 9:00 PM, several dozen homes, all within a half-mile radius of the warehouse, reported an odd kind of interference with their broadcast signal. Right around when the ME estimated the time of death for those kids. Is it possible that the shape-shifter embryo could have caused this kind of interference? I believe the interfering signal may have originated in the alternate universe. We may be getting a glimpse into the other side. Can we turn it up? And slow it down. What is that? It almost sounds like a language. You hear the way that some of those sounds seem to repeat? Shape-shifters are soldiers. Soldiers always come with orders. Maybe that's a message. I can see what the code breakers at the bureau can make of it. I got a better idea. It's not a language. It's math. Math? Trig and metric equations. In this case, a radio wave, the kind given off by a solar flare, which is interesting. Interesting how? Our astronomical division picked up a surge in solar activity right around that time. Here's a radio wave from last night's solar flare. Here's your wave. - Yours couldn't have come from the sun. - Where else could it have come from? I don't know. I mean, they're not in sync. Suppose it came from a parallel universe. That would de... because in a parallel universe, - time would be slightly out of sync. - And the waves would be too. What? Imagine... that these are the two universes... Slightly out of sync. But on rare occasion, They perfectly line up. According to the computer, That's gonna happen between our universe and wherever this radio wave came from. When? Based on this, tomorrow at precisely 3:31 PM. - Who will be McCalister? - That'd be me. He's Wu. Everything else you need is in here. Once you're done, we'll reconvene at the exchange points tomorrow at exactly 20 past 3:00. So that's it? We're still going through with this? - Why? You have a problem with this? - We're a man down. Neither of us have time to handle the Verona assignment, and you don't have a shifting device. - Maybe we should abort. - And I suppose you'll be the one to give the news to the secretary. We won't have another chance like this for seven months. So I'll figure out how to handle Mr. Verona. You make sure you hold your end. All right? You're the boss. Then let's get to work. Excuse me... Would you happen to know where Franklin Street is? Sure. You're three blocks south of Franklin, So go down this street, you'll see a convenience store. Then make a left and go two blocks west. I'll write it down for you. - Where's Walter? - He's out counting cars. Thinks it might help jog his memory. - He says human memory is best triggered - When accomplishing mundane tasks. Walter's convinced that Newton wants to build a door to the other side. If he can remember what he told Newton, we might be able to find what's supposed to happen at 3:31 tomorrow. And these cars that he's tracking down? He promised to stay off the freeway. How goes it? Broyles sent over a list of state and local events taking place tomorrow... Star Trek Convention at the Worcester Centrum. That's not good. I told Walter I'd take him. Maybe we'll pretend we didn't see that. Sure. I finally figured out why Walter's been acting so strange. He's been carrying this picture with him, A family photo from when I was a kid. He wants to talk to me about how my mother died. About a month after I got to Europe, I got a call from St. Claire's... from Walter. He told me that she died in a car crash. It wasn't a car crash. My mother committed suicide. It was the only time I spoke to him in the 17 years that he was locked up in st. Claire's. He must have known the truth. I think, in his way, he was trying to protect me. And... for whatever reason, he wants to talk about it now. You know that Walter loves you very much. Our synthetic friends. I believe I know how to figure out what they're up to. - You remember what you told Newton? - No. But as they say in Finland, there's more than one way to roast a reindeer. But I'll need some supplies. I need six car batteries, a voltage transformer, and several yards of ten-gauge electrical wire. And a corpse. Any corpse will do. But it shouldn't be dead for more than two days. - Hello. - Hello. Can I help you? Yes, I'm here to see your manager, Mr. McCalister. He's expecting me. So, boss, you felt the need to check up on me? - Figure out what to do about Verona? - I have some thoughts. Mr. McCalister? Approval for an overdraft withdrawal? Thank you. I'll be there in just a minute. You can handle the rest. Make sure the device remains undisturbed. Tied into the house power, and the volt meter is ready to go. Walter, you're sure that I'm doing this right? It's perfect, Olivia. Just make sure they're tightened down. Walter, you really think that his is gonna work? No reason it shouldn't. Something stopped this creature from developing, and because it's part mechanical, if we pump it with enough electricity, we should be able to restart it, like jump-starting a car. So what's the corpse for? Is this embryo supposed to reanimate it? Don't be ridiculous. But, if we intend to question this creature, then it will need an identity to... to shape-shift into. That's not ridiculous at all. I think we're ready. - 80 amps. - 80 amps. Not enough power, but it seems to be working. Try 110. 110. 140. 140. We must have blown a fuse. Look. Astrid, quickly, some candles. Something's wrong. When I cut into it, I must have damaged it. Peter, the corpse. All right, good on my side. Help me. Contact... Newton. Thomas Jerome Newton? Where is he? Verona. Daniel... Verona. Who is Daniel Verona? Blood type AB negative. Cellular polarity... - We're losing him. - Okay, tomorrow afternoon, What is happening at 3:31? I'm... sorry. Daniel Verona? FBI. 911. What is your emergency? There's a man. He's middle-aged, caucasian. It looks like he's having a heart attack. What is your location? I'm on the corner of Longwood and Huntington. What is your name, sir? Oh, my god! This guy needs help! Does anyone know CPR? Someone call an ambulance, quick! He's not a shape-shifter. We'll run his blood anyway, test it for mercury. Maybe we got to him before they could. Why him? I mean, why Daniel Verona? What could they want with him? Medical examiner, works out of Boston General... It's anybody's guess. You too. Good night. Verona was a bust. You've been awake for two straight days. - You need to get some rest. - Shape-shifters... I should have been more careful with my initial dissection. If I hadn't caused so much damage, it could have told us everything. But you couldn't possibly have known that. It was definitely stupid and inexcusable. Calm down. It's gonna be okay. We're gonna figure it out, just like we always do. I want you to get some rest, dad. I'm gonna hit the sack. I'll be upstairs if you need me. "Dad." You just called me dad. I guess I did. Newton... I think I know what he's planning to do. She's here. Agent Dunham, I'm sorry to get you out of bed. - It's okay. - Now... Geometry and harmonic vibrations. That's how we did it, Belly and I. Did what? Sent Belly's Monte Carlo from this universe to the other side. As I've said before, the two universes vibrate at different frequencies. So we set up three harmonic rods arranged as an equilateral triangle and then activated the rods. When the car began to vibrate at just the right frequency... That's how we sent belly's car to the other side. It's exactly what Newton did with the building. - But Newton's attempt failed. - Yes, indeed it did, because the building that Newton brought over landed in a location that was already occupied by another. But I suspect that Mr. Newton has found a way around that problem, because he has something that Belly and I never had. - What's that? - Agents in both universes. So if we set up the harmonic rods in exactly the same position in each universe, like so... and we activate the rods... Then whatever is in the center of each triangle will simply be exchanged. Of course, that would likely require that the universes be in sync. 3:31 this afternoon. So... So what could newton bring here? Last time he brought a building, so I suppose anything he could fit inside of it. - A machine. - An army. If the triangle is large enough, that is possible. We have roughly ten hours to figure out where the center of Newton's triangle is. But it could be anywhere. Three points. Newton would have to place the harmonic rods at three specific locations across the city. Okay, so that's why Newton's going after Verona, because Verona must have access to one of the three points. So that would suggest either Boston General hospital or Verona's home. Okay, so Verona lives in Beacon Hill, 520 South Garden Street. It's a couple blocks from the hospital. For our purposes, that's our first point. I think I might be able to help. Boston PD just found a corpse on Chestnut Hill Village. Three punctures to his soft palate. His name is Ben McCalister. He's a branch manager at Pinewood Savings bank. - He was found just outside his office. - Not easy to access a bank. Okay, 185 Mason Ave. Mason... So that's our second point, and now we have the first leg of our triangle. We've got more than that, son. We're looking for an equilateral triangle, therefore, the third point... Can only be in one of two places, right. All right, so the third point is either Arlington or Cedar Grove. Well, try both. See what's in the center of each triangle. It's either Hyde park... or right on the Charles river. So he's got to be targeting Hyde park. Is there a bridge on the Charles? A condemned railway bridge. Why? The water would absorb any excess energy caused by Newton's procedure, so he must be making the exchange on the bridge. She's right, Peter. It's Dunham. I think we have something. We're all set. - Any problems? - All good. Go deal with it, now. Are we sending anyone to look for the harmonic rods?</i> Agents are on their way to the morgue and McCalister's bank in Chestnut Hill. Boston PD have been deployed to the Andrews avenue bridge. - What's your status? - We're a few minutes away. Whatever Newton's trying to bring over, Walter can stop it. Call me when you get there. - Walter, how is this thing gonna work? - Vibrations are composed of shock waves and like sound waves, they can be nullified by their opposite. - Like noise-canceling headphones. - Precisely. The seismograph will pick up the vibrations from Newton's device. The laptop will calculate its opposite and transmit it to the pneumatic hammer. To send out vibrations that would cancel out Newton's device. Of course, we have to get the hammer as close to the center of the bridge as possible, - which might be dangerous. - Dangerous how? The vibrational waves that Newton will need to generate, the intensity... Devastating. - What do you mean, "devastating"? - I suspect it would tear a man apart. Walter, I need you to stay here and finish putting that thing together. We need to get on that bridge. I'm afraid that's not possible. I'm with the FBI. You're the boss. Let me just check with the sergeant. - How did you know? - A cop wouldn't call on a cell phone. It's 3:32. Walter's not gonna make it in time. I'm going up there. Cover me. You need to get off this bridge. I have to put this right. I started this, I've got to... It's gonna go faster if we do it together. - What? - The two on the bridge, get them out of there. Peter and Walter are on the bridge. It's started. - Pneumatic is ready. - Seismograph is ready. Cleaning up the program! Something's wrong! I don't understand. It should be working. Something's wrong with your frequency-recognition program. But don't worry. I can fix it. How we doing? - I need you to get off this bridge now. - Get off the bridge. There's nothing else you can do. I need you to get him off this bridge. You okay? Welcome back. How long was I out? About a day and a half. Here. The doctor said that you'd be fine, but Walter was worried. I'm fine. Is he here? He wouldn't leave. He'll want to know that you're up. I'd like to speak to him alone, if that's okay. Sure. They told me you'd be all right, but I was so worried, son. And... There was another man on that bridge. When Newton's device started to work, I saw him there... just walking down the bridge. He had to have been from the other side. You said the effects of Newton's vibrations would be devastating. And... They were. They destroyed that FBI agent. They just... disintegrated him like he wasn't even there. But they didn't kill the man from the other side. And they didn't kill me. I'm not from here, am I? You didn't just open up a hole to the other side. You went through... And you brought me back. That's why I was able to survive Newton's device. It's why I can't remember my childhood. - You were dying, Peter... - It's why my mother committed suicide. Isn't it? She knew... didn't she? And when I left, the guilt was too much for her to live with... the lie. Peter, you need to understand something. I understand, Walter. I understand everything now. - Son... - I am not your son. I'd like to be alone now. It would be easier if you don't try to talk just yet, Mr. Secretary. You see, despite the preparation, crossing over is quite an ordeal on your body, and, the consequences are unpredictable. This should help. You should... You should be able to sleep for a while. And hopefully, when you wake up, you'll be stabilized. Walter, it's 6:00. Peter's probably still sleeping. I have to go to the hospital now. Are you going to drive me, or shall I call a cab? Peter checked himself out of the hospital three hours ago.