on the disappearance of six Lansdale residents.</i> - Forgot my gear. - Hurry, I don't want to miss kickoff. If you see anything or anyone suspicious, please contact Sheriff Golightly's office.</i> All calls are anonymous. That's it for me. Cheryl Clark is up next to keep you company all the way home.</i> Let's go, Raymond. What's the holdup? Just a second. Raymond! _.•´¯¯LIAISON¯¯`•._ ¯`•.__<font color="779e9d">Team</font>__.•´¯</i> Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 02 -Night of Desirable Objects- Bon épisode... - There you go. - Thank you. - You take care, agent Dunham. - I will. - Let me get that. - Peter, I'm fine. I know you are. What? Well... Just looking for the hidden ninja sword. That one wasn't covered by insurance. Thank you. Did you check the drawers? No. Anything I've forgotten, they can keep. I don't want to spend another minute here. I'm no good at sitting around. You're also no good at letting people help you. I'll let you carry my suitcase. Did you get me everything on my list? The FBI signed off on everything you asked for, including new housing for you and your father. But the C-130 transport plane is proving a bit tough to requisition. We're not gonna need it for this one. Pennsylvania? I was trolling the FBI databases, looking for any cases that were similar to Olivia's. Sudden disappearances. This town has had six missing people in the last two months, four of which eyewitnesses say just disappeared into thin air. Thought it was worth checking out. - How is she? - Olivia? She'll be fine. Do it. And keep a close eye on Dunham. All right, Walter, the cameras are ready. Here we go. Agent Dunham, you're just in time. - Just in time for what? - We're re-creating your car accident. Astrid, ready. 3... 2... 1. - The photographs, quickly. - I know, Walter. Your accident. I'm testing a theory. Thank you. Excuse me. No matter what I try, I can't make the frog disappear. We've been at this for five hours. Science is patience! It's also slimy. From all the evidence, you were missing from your car for at least an hour before you came crashing back through the windshield. You simply disappeared. He thinks you traveled to another universe. You see, agent Dunham, we assume... that our universe is the only universe. But that's not true. There is an infinite number of universes. And in each of them, there is a version of us. You, me, and agent Farnsworth... But each one slightly different... changed over time based on the accumulation of our choices. So, in this reality... We've had this conversation before, haven't we? I know that I went somewhere. I think I met with someone. But the rest is like a dream that I... I just can't quite remember. Perhaps you will... in time. When they said you were dead... When I saw you lying there... I don't know what I would have done. But you're here now, and... apart from the obvious, you... - You appear to be fine. - I appear to be? Traveling to an alternate reality has its consequences. No, you'll be fine. You feel up to going for a drive? Hello. I'm Walter Bishop. Sheriff Golightly? Special agent Olivia Dunham. This is Peter and Walter Bishop. Don't remember calling the FBI. Well, your office has filed six Missing-Persons reports. Seven now. Seven. All under the same circumstances? Same as the others. Just disappear. Be damned if I know what to make of it. Well, we're all victims of our own gene pool. Someone must have peed in yours. I'm sorry, you'll have to excuse my father. Yes. Excuse me. These two men are both special investigators with the FBI. And when the good men and women who have come here from three separate counties have finished collecting evidence, then you can see it. Let me see what you got. May I? Wonderful! Have you run across something like this before? Absolutely not. The air here is quite auspicious! Makes the hair stand up on the back of your neck. The air? This! It's a fresh mystery, pregnant with possibilities. Who knows where it may lead? I bet you he knows. Here are the investigation files. Everything we have so far from the first disappearance, which is not a hell of a lot. Possible suspect interviews, case leads, - dead ends from the disappearances. - Okay. Thank you. The FBI has very specific laws that govern what their jurisdiction involves. None of these disappearances occurred on a military base. None happened across state lines. You've already given us evidence. - There's information... - I understand. But I can get a special procedural order to... Why are you so interested in this case? Excuse me? Why are you so interested in this case? I'm sorry, I... The night of desirable objects? I have one just like this. You know yourself a little bit about night fishing, do you? I've used hair jigs and pork rind, rubber jigs for largemouth. You ever try using spinnerbaits at night? You can use pork rind with those too. - Can you really? - I like the topwater... - Hey, it's me. - Hey. I'm sending you a victim sheet from a multiple Missing-Persons case in Pennsylvania. Can you run the names and... And notify me if any red flags come up? Sure. I just have to run an errand. Thanks, Charlie. Bye. I'll be with you in just a minute. I need the back room. Now! {\SHE STILL BELIEVES I'M HER PARTNER} This is wildly helpful. According to the sheriff, the second person who disappeared... His mom makes a mean apple pie. In case you were wondering, Andre Hughes is partial to flannel. He likes to wear flannel shirts, except, of course, in the summer. I'm gonna go get a soda. - You want something? - No, thank you. - How's it going, Walter? - I plan to urinate in 23 minutes. Good to know. I'm telling you because I'm going to need help unzipping my fly. I can't feel my hand. It seems the substance from Pennsylvania is a paralytic. Which means that whoever took those people paralyzed them first, - so they couldn't fight back. - Interesting theory. Very devious. Do you think we can trace it, where it's from? The base solution contains human DNA, male, I think. Of course, it's a mutation. Perhaps a whole new stage of human evolution. Wouldn't that be fantastic? If we've stumbled upon a mutant? Fantastic's not the first word that pops into my mind. We're all mutants. What's more remarkable... is how many of us appear to be normal. - Find anything? - You remember Andre Hughes? Yeah, Hughes. He was the flannel guy, right? He's a neighbor of the Shanes, and he was at their house when the sheriff went to follow up on their son's disappearance. He was also at the Thomasons' just after Jennifer Thomason disappeared. Sheriff Golightly arrived just as Hughes was leaving. - What are you thinking? - I'm thinking you drive. Hell. Hell. Who are you? Olivia Dunham, and this is Peter Bishop. We're wanting to ask you a few questions. I assume you've heard about the people that have recently gone missing. I know about it. I'd love to help if I can. Please... After you. Either of you have any experience with water wells? This time of year I spend most of my time maintaining and... digging 'em out. I wouldn't wish it on either of you. It's like to drive me crazy. This is my fifth well in two months. Can't seem to find that switch button. I'm just gonna go in the other room and wash this dirt off. Make yourself comfortable. Excuse me. Is there someone else in this house? There's someone else in this house. Did you hear that? Keep him busy. Come out of there. Peter! Oh, my God. Peter, my God, I'm so sorry! I thought I heard something. I thought I heard someone. You fired a gun in my house, and now you're bringing me down here? I don't understand. You don't think I had anything to do with these missing people, do you? Well, at the moment, Mr. Hughes, we're just trying to gather information. So I understand that you're a doctor. Yes. But you retired nearly 20 years ago. That's right. Anything? - Not yet. - <i>What have you done since then?</i> We scoured the house. There's no evidence that links him to the disappearances. Just a bunch of old lab equipment. We had it packed up, sent over to Harvard. Walter's taking a look at it now. According to our records, in the wake of the disappearances, you visited with some of the victims' relatives.</i> With Martin Shane's mother and... Jennifer Thomason's husband. Yes. Were they former patients? Just friends? I hardly knew either of them. But I thought I could help them. I... I thought I could comfort them. I lost my wife and my son 17 years ago. She died, giving birth to him. He was mine. For five minutes, I had a son. I could never hurt these people. Mr. Hughes, we'd like to take a sample of your blood.</i> We'd like to compare it to some evidence that we found at the scene of the last disappearance. Do we, have your permission to do that? - Am I under arrest? - Not presently. Then, no. You don't have my permission. I'll get a warrant to take his blood. Have Olivia hold him for 24 hours. It says in her report Dunham's gun went off? Misfire. I'll send agent Jessup to the Hughes' house. Dizziness? How's your short-term memory? What's your name? Good. You seem to be doing well. You can go ahead and get dressed. Hello, agent Dunham. I haven't had a chance to visit since your... accident, but agent Broyles has been keeping me apprised. I was concerned. Well, thanks. I'm doing okay. I'm glad to hear that... Though sometimes the physical injury is the easiest to get over. I remember when I was first diagnosed with cancer. Beside the fear, my most overwhelming sensation was one of betrayal... The realization that my own body was fundamentally foreign to me, that it was a threat. You've been through quite an ordeal, Olivia. One of many lately. To overlook it would be a mistake. What's this? Sam Weiss, the man who helped put me back together. You know, the FBI has psychologists. - If I thought that I needed... - He's not a psychologist. When you're ready, I believe he can help you. {\DON'T BLAME YOURSELF IT WAS GOD'S WILL} {\YOUR WIFE AND CHILD ARE WITH HIM} Thanks. That was Olivia. Agent Jessup told her Hughes may have killed his wife and child 17 years ago. Finally some good news. I assume we can dig them up. I haven't had any bodies to examine. Seven missing persons, no bodies. All right. I'll get an exhumation order. Put his wife's coffin is down here. If Hughes is hiding something, we're gonna find out what it is. Let's open it up. Let's open the baby boy's. - My God. - There's no body. Looks like something dug its way in. Or dug its way out. I think we have some questions for Mr. Hughes. That's curious. What? What's curious? Mrs. Hughes has... scarring to the joints, butterfly lesions to the face. Systemic lupus erythematosus, a very advanced case. Lupus? Which means what? Notably, she was incapable of producing offspring. Except she did. She had a baby boy. A baby boy? That's impossible. Lupus results in an overactive immune system. Her own body would have destroyed the fetus long before... Yes, and yet despite that, she was somehow able to give birth to a son. Who, from all appearances, then burrowed his way out of his casket. The grave of a boy... who was not in his grave. How did this happen? Why wasn't anyone watching him? We're looking into it right now. We need to have Andre Hughes' body taken back to Walter Bishop's lab as soon as possible. Already on its way. Jim, it's Alex. Yeah, I know I'm late.</i> I'm leaving right now, alright? Yeah, I understand. I'll take care of it. I'll call him right now.</i> Peter, I've got it. Mrs. Hughes' womb. You were right. She did give birth. I'm glad we got that settled. The afterbirth is still inside her. Look at the tissue composition. According to this, Hughes' baby wasn't entirely human. It explains his research... Reproductive biology and gene replacement. I hypothesize that he may have used some scorpion DNA... It's an incredibly resilient creature... And also possibly something that lives underground, a mole rat. Scorpions do paralyze their prey with toxin. It could explain the blue liquid. - What did I miss? - Hughes' baby... he altered it inside the womb so that it could survive its mother's lupus. - That is sick. - That is brilliant! He's created a super-baby... one capable of surviving in the most inhospitable environment. - We've had a breakthrough. - I heard. Hughes' son. I think I might know where he is. When we were at the Hughes' house, I heard a noise, like something breathing. I thought that I had imagined it, but... I didn't. So if Hughes' son is alive, I think that he is somewhere in that house... Or near that house. Or under it. Hello? Sheriff Golightly? I think it's a canine tooth. Confirmed. Dog. Gonna grab a shovel. He must have realized it was his son, because we found...</i> traps, set in all of these holes that he'd dug</i> all over his property. Could you imagine living with a burden like that, when all you wanted was a son? Charlie, what if I don't want to remember? - You mean your accident? - All of it. Where I went, who I met with, what he told me. What if there's a part of my brain that's trying to protect me? I'm not sure you have much of a choice here, Olivia. If Walter was correct about you going to that other universe, then whatever secrets you learned might be worth remembering. Another universe. I never thought that I would ever hear you utter those words with a straight face. You've come a long way, Charlie Francis. Well, you know, whatever it is... We'll deal with it together. I'll help you remember. I know you will. - Are you going fishing, son? - Yes. But not alone. Oh, no? Who with? Well, once upon a time, there was a young man... probably around 10 or 11, who got it in his head he wanted to take his father fishing. So he saved up all the money from his paper route and bought a very special lure. It's called the Night of Desirable Objects. Sadly, his father was never really all that available to him, so... What started out as a would-be bonding experience ended up with a young man fishing alone in a boat. And this young man... gave this to you? Yes, Walter. Can I come, with you and your friend? You know what, Walter? I think that would make the trip. Good. Good. If you want to bowl, we close in 15 minutes. I'm looking for Sam Weiss. Is he here? Sam? No. Do you know where I can find him? Atlanta, Georgia. He met a girl... moved away. Thank you. That's it? Excuse me? You're giving up? I tell you he met a girl and moved away and you give up? You're Sam. Nina Sharp said you'd be coming by. Have the headaches started yet? They will. What are you, a size 8? {\TARGET VISITED OTHER SIDE BUT REMEMBERS NO DETAILS}