- Never seen it before. - What is it? - The company was sold this morning. What does this mean? I just lost my job. XY's brain is powerful, much like a computer. We need what Kyle knows. That's where she comes in. What, like a mental hacker? In a manner of speaking, yes. She thinks that she's my sister. I'm just supposed to live that lie? Destabilizing the boy's support structure will make him more vulnerable, receptive to her. Get her into that family's life. My sister Jessi, she's been having some problems, and I was hoping you might be able to sit down with her. I think I might be able to help you. Jessi's got herself a therapist. What is this? It's your new car. I thought we could work on it. Why don't you come over later? I'll be home around 4. If you don't show up, then I know there's nothing left to say. Where the hell is he going? About Charlie... I should have told you what was going on. Yeah, well, being someone's friend isn't about what you should have done... it's about what you do. Foss calls it sensory deprivation. The removal of all other senses to enhance the one sense that remains. As I focused on the nighttime sounds that surrounded me, the world became more vid than it ever had before. So did the people around me. I could sense things, like the guilt and uncertainty over losing a job. Or the anxiety and self-doubt over starting a new one. Even staying up way past bedtime to spend time with a new friend. Or the first sparks of creativity... which can't quite mask the pain over a break-up. But soon the walls of the Trager house began to disappear... and I could hear past the symphony of crickets... all the way into Amanda's house where I could hear the soft pounding of her heart. It seemed even a broken heart still beats the same. But there was another heartbeat. It was different, erratic. - Are you all right? - There was a man. He's getting away. The thing about sensory deprivation is you can use it to enhance any of the senses. But like my hearing, in order to increase what my eyes could see, I had to tune out all of my other senses... until the only thing left was my vision. Otherwise I would have heard the car start. - Transcript : swsub.com - - Projet-SG.net | SeriesSub.com - Season 2 Episode 5 - Come to Your Senses - Are you okay? Yeah... sort of. I guess he got away? - I tried to follow him, but... - Detective Myatt, this is my... daughter Amanda. And you would be? - I live next door, and I... - Have nothing to do with this. Mom, of course he has something to do with this. He chased after the guy. Did you get a good look at him? He drove away too fast. Did you catch the license plate number? I'm sorry. Is there anything else missing? Just my bracelet. It was a gold antique charm bracelet. It's been in my family forever. It was a gift from my dad. Do you mind if I take it to make a copy? No, that's fine. I'm sure the police will do everything they can to find it, sweetheart. The important thing is no one was hurt. - Is there anything I can do? - Yes. You can let us deal with this as a family. You haven't heard from Declan lately, have you? No. Why? Want him to pick up the crap he left here, and he won't call me back. It's like he's totally gone off the grid. I take it things aren't back to normal with you and Amanda. Why would you say that? You've got your "Amanda" look. I have an "Amanda" look? Three or four. Which one do I have now? The one every girl wants a guy to have when he's thinking about her. Just give her time. I just think we should call the alarm company. So they send someone out to check out our system. Only thing that'd bother me more than an intruder would be that creep Tom Foss showing up again. Why do we have an alarm anyway if we have Kyle to chase down the bad guys? I wanted to talk to you about that. Chasing after that guy? What were you thinking? I was thinking I wanted to catch him. Well, I'm off to work. Figure somebody in this house should have a job. You know, Josh, I happen to be seeing my first patient today. Great. You're worried about some whack job breaking in, but inviting them in is no big deal? I'm just saying... Is it really a good idea to bring your freaky patients into your house? No offense, Kyle. That reminds me, guys. My patients expect privacy. So my office is off limits. So please... make yourself scarce whenever I have a session. And my patient is not a freak. You know that you can turn the lights on. What for? Forget it. Are you ready for your first session with Dr. Trager? Why do I have to do this? Because you've had a hard time since we moved here. It's been hard for you adjusting and making friends. I think you're ready. I know what you're thinking. I've sent out a million r\sum\s, I've talked to that headhunter. And besides, this is fun. Fine. Fine. Could you just keep it down a little? My patient will be here soon. Yeah, no problem. Besides, I wanna check out Josh's new headset anyway. Hair-trigger Trager! Thought you were at work. Hello? Is somebody talking to me? Well, duh! Sounds like Josh has been smokin' more of that skunk weed. You're hearing' voices, man! You know that stuff makes you paranoid. Put your hands up and step away from the bowl, Trager! Skunk weed? Hi, Emily. Please come in. Hello. And you must be Jessi. I'm Nicole. It's okay. You're in good hands with Dr. Trager. I'll be back in an hour, okay? So, are you ready to get started? Yes. My office is right this way. Just this way. Moving to a new town can be difficult for anyone, but you could try to look at this as a new beginning. A chance to leave behind whatever you didn't like about your old life. You're a blank slate. Jessi, are you all right? There's someone there. Jessi, we're alone. There's someone out there. There you are. The police called. They told me they have a suspect. Yeah. They want to see if I can identify him. Did they find your bracelet? Not yet. Why are you down here? Detective Myatt wanted me to come down and try and identify the car they think the intruder used. Why would people risk stealing if they could end up here and lose everything? I guess they count on not getting caught. But odds are they will, eventually. How much time will the guy that broke into your house spend in prison? Kyle, I don't care. I just want my bracelet back. You know, it never really mattered to me how much it was worth. It was the last thing my dad gave me before he died. That's what made it special. I guess that sounds silly. No. I understand. I feel the same way about this. Did you get that from your family? Yes. I wish there's more I could do. With what you've been through, You've been through a lot, too. Kyle, stop worrying about me. I'm fine. No, you're not. I just want things to go back to the way they were. Your... your dad let me in. How you been? Okay. Where you been? Around. Okay. Well, if you're gonna be all vague and monosyllabic, I mean, let's just get the hostage trade over with. So, is that everything? Now it is. I gave that to you for Christmas. And now I'm giving it back. You keep it. Then we're done. I'll have my lawyer send over the paperwork. You know, if you ever need anything... if anything ever happens... - I'm here for you, right? - Are you confused about the whole dumping thing? It kinda means I stop counting on you. - Trager... - It also means you're no longer allowed to "Trager" me. I'll walk you out, Jessi. Let me call your sister, tell her you're ready. Okay. Little help? Great. For whose pleasure? What? It says "Ribbed for her"... Nobody. Thanks. You... think you could get the door for me? I'm Declan, by the way. "Nice to meet you, Declan. My name's... " Usually, that'd be where you'd say your name. Jessi. Later, Jessi. Does this look like the car you saw? I guess so. Unfortunately, this car was stolen last week. We found it abandoned. This is incredibly detailed. Are you sure you didn't see the guy's face? Kyle, maybe you can remember if you concentrate. I'm sorry. I didn't see him. I wish I did. Well, hopefully, you can ID him. How'd it go? I'm still getting my feet wet. Good. 'Cause I'm in a little over my head. Josh is smoking pot. What? How do you know? I overheard his friends talking. It's a long story. How could we miss it? I don't know. But I searched his room. I couldn't find anything. Maybe his friends were kidding. I mean, where would Josh get pot? What is it? I think we're Josh's supplier. - What are you talking about? - He found our pot stash. We have a pot stash? - Not anymore. - Where did that come from? - That New Year's party. - That was years ago. You were supposed to get rid of that. Oh, so it's my fault I didn't smoke it all? What are we gonna tell Josh? That you have cancer. I don't know. We have to make sure he knows that we're not gonna stand for him doing drugs. All right. So... Good Cop/Bad Cop? More like Bad Cop/Worse Cop. All right... Which one am I? Bad Cop. You go in first. I'll go after, make sure he's scared straight. Why do I have to go first? All right. I'll go first. What happened? I couldn't say which one it was. As all the sound dropped away, I could hear the beating of many hearts, some faster than others. But all pounded with the same tempo... all except one. This man's heartbeat had a distinct arrhythmic pattern just like the intruder at Amanda's house. They're never gonna find who took my bracelet. Amanda was wrong. It was him. I was sure of it. You two can head home. I'll keep you posted. I'd already told the police I hadn't seen his face, so how could I prove it? They'd never believe how I knew it was him. Kyle, what's wrong? Did you see the guy? No. But I had heard him... and lost him... and let Amanda down again. You okay? Didn't go so well at the police station? No. I thought if I could help get the bracelet back... She'd forgive you for not telling her about Charlie? I know, It's doesn't make any sense. It totally does. You want a second chance. But all I do is disappoint her. This is not happening. You cannot end up like me and Declan. This is different. Amanda and I are just friends. At least we used to be. You've been crushing hard on her ever since you saw her. At least since that day at the pool, if you know what I mean. Don't remind me. Tell her how you really feel. This is the wrong time. Well, if you can't tell her, then show her. Get her bracelet back. How am I supposed to do that? Do I look like the one with the 300 IQ? Man, I cannot wait to get behind the wheel of this baby. Oh, yes, you can. You wanna talk to me about the pot? Pot? I know you're smoking it. I know where you're getting it. And if you think you're gonna get stoned in my house, you must still be high. So I can get stoned out of the house then? You're gonna joke with me now? Dad, I tried it, like, twice. - I'm not hurting anyone. - You're hurting yourself. All it does is mellow me out. And it's fun. But I guess you and Mom already know that. We are not talking about me or your mom. This is unbelievable. Are you gonna lecture me when you had that shoebox stash in your closet? Don't get me started on the invasion of privacy thing. The bottom line is you are not getting high on my watch. What are you really pissed about? That I got high on your watch... or high on your weed? Okay, this is the area where all the break-ins happened. Big area. Not if you know what to look for. Or what the robber looks for. All of the break-ins fit a pattern. They all happened between 1:00 AM and 3:00 AM. And the robber chooses houses with secluded side entrances, like the one at Amanda's house. And all of the houses he hits have no adult male in them. Nice. A thief and a chauvinist. He doesn't like alarms, either. And then there were five. Actually, no. He doesn't like dogs, either. How do you know that none of these other places don't have any dogs or alarms or men? I've read the public records. Which public records? All of 'em. Well, what about our alarm? Ever since the break-in, Mom and Dad have been setting it at night, and I don't know the code. I can figure it out. Will you give it to me? Yes... if you help me. Fine. but if I'm going to risk sneaking out at 1:00 in the morning, you better be right. This is the house. This is so not the house. I can't believe I snuck out of the house and swiped Mom's car for this. How much longer will we wait out here? Just give it 10 more minutes. You said that 10 minutes ago. I promise. This is the house. You're making promises my bladder can't keep. I guess I figured you'd be better at this. What was that supposed to mean? When you sneak out with Declan, you spend most time parked in a car, right? That's way different. Why, because you're in the back seat, not the front? You made a joke. Or are just taking your frustrations out because somebody picked the wrong house? This is the house. Kyle, it takes a big man to admit when he's wrong. And an even bigger woman to admit when he's right. 911. What's your emergency? Um, yes, I'd like to report a robbery in progress. Hey, how's it coming? Good. I just need that new distributor cap Josh was gonna pick up. Yeah. Well, Kyle, it looks like you're gonna be working solo on this beast for a while. Josh tell you he was grounded? He said you went all broken arrow on him. - Is that what he was talking about? - Without a doubt. What else did he say? That you busted him for smoking a big fat flank. - Well, you haven't been, have you? - No. Didn't think so. It's not good for you. Plus, it's against the law. Josh said he found it in your room. Yeah, well... it's complicated. If something's a crime for one person, shouldn't it be a crime for everybody? So, what's her glitch? Come on, give me the dirt on the new girl. Drugs? Torturing animals? Got the urge to purge? Why the sudden interest in my patient's problems? Oh, so you admit she does have a problem. Interesting. Fine. You wanna dodge the question, okay by me. I don't discuss my patients Lori. You know that. But I am willing to discuss why you're so concerned about the new girl. Yeah. Now who's dodging the question? Look, Josh, I know how you feel. No, you don't. - This is totally... - Unfair? My father, your grandpa, was a pretty heavy drinker. It was one of the only things he was good at. One day, he caught me sneaking whiskey out of his liquor cabinet, and he tore me a new one... which, incidentally, was the other thing he was good at. Now, he was the last person that should be lecturing me about drinking, but just because he was a hypocrite doesn't mean he was wrong. He taught me something... without even knowing it. That... what you do is just as important as what you say. So... if you can't smoke up, neither can I. That sound fair? Unless we both agree to keep partying. Not a chance. Hey, how'd it go? Um, well, they caught the guy. Courtesy of your friendly neighborhood Kyle. - What? - Kyle, data-crunched the guy's break-in pattern and CSI-ed where he was gonna rob next and then "somebody" called in an anonymous tip. They should give us guns and badges. Or maybe just, like, a really cool Taser. You don't look so happy about them catching that guy. He admits he broke into the house, but he's telling the police he didn't steal anything. He says he never even saw my bracelet. And they believed him? No, they're still charging him with stealing it, but... They found crystal meth on him. They figure he pawned it for drug money. I'll probably never see it again. We don't even know if he sold it to a pawn shop. What's your lucky number, Kyle? - I didn't know numbers could be lucky. - Sure they can. And for a lot of people, their lucky number is seven. That's how many pawn shops we've been to. No, really? So you think because seven's a lucky number, we might find her bracelet here? I'm just saying yes, there's a good chance we won't, but we might get lucky. You can't give up hope. - Is that it? - Well, - that's not all it is... - No. Is that it? Can I help you two find something? This bracelet. It was stolen from our neighbor's house a couple of nights ago. Impossible. That bracelet's been in this store going on there weeks now. No, that'simpossible. The robbery happened Sunday night. The man who sold you this bracelet stole it from our neighbor's house. I'm not a fence, lady. I don't deal in stolen merchandise. Let's see if the cops agree. Okay, easy, Veronica Mars. I don't need another headache with the cops, all right? Well, it looks like you're wrong on both counts. That bracelets been in the store three weeks and two days, and it wasn't pawned by a man. It was a woman. No way. I can't believe it. Amanda's mom sold her bracelet. Why would Mrs. Bloom pawn Amanda's bracelet and then say it was stolen during the robbery? I guess that way she could get the money for selling it, plus the insurance money for reporting it stolen. She shouldn't be allowed to do that. Apparently, she can. Unless we turn her in. I don't want to get Amanda's mom in trouble. Good way to repay her for all the kindness she's shown you. But I guess not the best way to get back into Amanda's good graces. I just want Amanda to have the bracelet her dad gave her. I wish there was a way we could do it so that Amanda doesn't know her mother hocked it. Maybe there is. So, is it time to send in Worse Cop? Actually, Worse Cop is off the clock. Bad Cop had a talk with our suspect, and he's agreed not to smoke up anymore. Wow. How'd you get him to do that? - By promising him I wouldn't either. - Big sacrifice. I can't even rember the last time you got high. Well, marijuana does cause memory loss. Funny. Well, all that stuff ever made me do was eat half the refrigerator and fall asleep. So my ass certainly won't miss it. - What are you looking for? - My blue dress shirt. I have a job interview. - Already? - Yeah. I got a call - from that corporate headhunter. - What's the job? Some big company wants someone to head up their experimental software division. It's pretty much something I've always wanted to do. Maybe LWK going under is the best thing that ever happened to me. Besides me, of course. Of course. So when do they want to see you? Uh, they're setting it up right away. Stephen, that is so great. - Yeah. - And you don't even have to worry if they give you a drug test. I'm here for the charm bracelet. - How much you got to spend? - Not spend.Trade. That bracelet didn't exactly come out of a gumball machine. If you wanna trade, you better have something of... value. That's a beautiful stone. Do you mind? It was a gift from Adam Baylin, and it meant a lot to me... but so does Amanda. Tell you what. I'm in a good mood. Even trade. All right. Here you go. I'll be back for that. I'll be here. Amanda's not home. Actually, I'm here to see you. I know you sold Amanda's bracelet. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't have to tell her and neither do you. I figured you could tell her you found it, that it wasn't stolen after all. Kyle? What are you doing with my bracelet? Where did you find it? Kyle, how did you get my bracelet back? Mom... what's going on? Kyle, will you excuse us, please? I need to have a talk with Amanda. Thank you. Come on. Who's the letter for? Just someone who needs help, even if they don't realize it. So how long are you grounded? Depends if they give me time off for good behavior. At least they let you out of the house. 'Cause they know I'm with you. I'm not gonna narc on you. Besides, I thought you were done smoking that stuff anyway. Don't knock it 'till you rock it. You're all about expanding your mind. I can do that on my own. So can you. Not all of us have your brain power, dude. Then you can't afford to waste any, can you? Hey. Come on. I'll play you. I thought I was grounded. Yeah. Inmates even get an hour of day in the yard. Look, Josh, I don't want to raise you in a prison. You become a man. There'll be a lot of bumps in the road. I know where a lot of those bumps are. So if you're straight with me, I promise I'll be straight with you. It'll make both our lives a lot easier. All right. Josh, where ya been? That ganja really must have put you in dry-dock. Hey, man, who's "Itchy-Trager Finger?" that's my dad. So you still wanna play me? Hey, just 'cause I can't smoke pot doesn't mean I can't smoke you. Go mow the lawn. Now. Yes, sir. I think our patient's first session went very well. - Has she met the boy? - Not yet. Find out who he knows, what he does with his time. Get her into his world. Her sole focus should be Kyle. Yes, sir. By now I knew Amanda's heartbeat well enough to know it was her outside my door. Room in there for two? I wanna thank you for getting my bracelet back. Especially after the way my mom treated you. Since my dad died, we've been having money troubles. And I know that's no excuse, but at least you can see why she did it. Amanda, you don't have to explain anything to me. But I want you to know she called the police and told them the bracelet wasn't stolen. - That's good. - She was just... too proud to admit that we were in trouble. I guess she was scared of me finding out the truth. But I'm tougher than people think. I know. - I'm sorry. - Don't be. You kept my mom's secret because you were trying to protect me. Like you were trying to protect me by not telling me about Charlie. The really stupid part is... I wasn't even mad at you. This whole time, I was mad at myself for almost sleeping with that stupid cheat. You mean you didn't sleep with him the night of the bonfire? No. Kyle, you've done so much for me. Let me do this for you. It's the money my mom got for selling the bracelet. We both want you to have it. So you can get your ring back. How did you know? Because you're the kind of person who would give something up just to get back something important for someone else. I can't take this. You know how you said... you just wanted things to go back to the way that they were? That's all I want. I don't want that anymore. I want things to be better. As I held Amanda in my arms, I realized that as much as I liked to hear her heartbeat, it was even better to feel it. I guess mistakes are really second chances, even if they don't seem that way at the time. The thief didn't know it, but the drugs had damaged his heart, giving him the irregular heartbeat that gave him away. But getting caught... just might have saved his life. It's not in there, kid. Your ring? I sold it. Sold it? It's the damnedest things. I haven't sold a ring out of that case in... gotta be six months. Couldn't keep yours in there more than a few hours. Who bought it? Someone who paid me a lot of money to lose the receipt. That means a lot to me, sir. I can't wait to be a part of the team. Well, you won't have to.