I leave in two days. I'll call...and text, and I'll come back to you. The two of you used to play that song all the time. She could be you. - Third row, fourth one down. - It's not there. The song on the jukebox? D4. You didn't tell me you were coming. No one knows. I'm surprising my mom for her birthday. You will not see or speak to Amanda until she's back where she belongs at that school. Please. You'll have 20 bubbleheads lined up by tomorrow. They all have the same thing working against them. What's that? None of them are you. - Start teaching me. - I can't. I have plans tonight with Amanda. Oh, Amanda. She's home? You have no idea how disappointed I am right now. Your flight leaves in less than two hours. Thank you for letting me know Amanda was here. Glad I could help. We made it very clear you're not to see Amanda. - You're still grounded. - Two weeks. Latnok? Amanda? I didn't get on the plane. Tell me what happened? I was waiting at the gate, it was time to board the plane, and I literally could not move. It was like my whole body was saying, "You can't do this. This is wrong." The next thing I knew, I was running through the terminal, jumping in a cab and knocking on your window. A total loss of sanity. My mom's gonna kill me. Maybe your mom will understand when you explain it to her. Key word "understand". She's not capable of. What am I gonna do? I'll go get Stephen and Nicole. No. You can't involve them. I'm sorry I've already involved you. Amanda, everything's gonna be okay. Can I stay here? - Amanda... - Just until the morning... Then I'll go straight home. I'm already grounded. No one will even know I was here. I just need some time to get my head together. And somehow, my mom won't be as scary to deal with in the daylight. All yours. Thank you so much. My luggage is probably being searched by the terrorist watch squad as we speak. Can I borrow something to sleep in? Sure. You're being really amazing about all of this. I mean, I knew you were the kind of guy who'd give the shirt off their back to help somebody, but this is really above and beyond. I didn't... I'm... I didn't... I just... I meant... Thank you. What's the matter? What do you mean? Your cheeks are getting pinker. Are they? Your body temperature is climbing. I'll get you a thinner blanket. Sous-titre VO ::: www.shooter.cn modifié pour www.forom.com</b> Traduction ::: La Team XY Sechs, Jayson.sosweet et MiniBen314 vous présentent</b> Kyle XY 2x17 - Grounded</b> Let me sleep on the floor. You don't like the tub? No. I'm sorry, I'm just trying to be polite. How is sleeping on the floor polite? I don't wanna take your tub from you. I want you to have it. Unless you don't like it. Why wouldn't I like it? - It's a tub. - It's your tub, all of it. Can you lock the door? I don't want anyone to catch me in here. Asleep yet? No. How's the tub? Are you comfortable? Strangely, I am. How's the floor? It's too open. No sides. You could, if you wanted to... I mean, there's plenty of room. With you? With me. That better? Much. Thank you for this. You're welcome. I knew allowing Amanda to spend the night could get me in more trouble. But how could I turn her away? And how could doing something so wrong feel so right? Kyle? Is everything all right? Everything's fine. Your door's locked. Is it? What happened? Nothing. I, uh... I just... I just woke up. - Hi. - Hi. - Come grab some breakfast. - Okay. Hanted by this photograph And don't know why Isn't that beautiful? Yeah. Where did you get that? That was with my personal things. No, I found it on my bed. You know, Jessi, all you had to do was ask for the record, and I would have given it to you. Why would you break into my cabinet? What cabinet? Come on now. Don't lie to me, all right? There's gonna have to be a certain level of trust if this thing's gonna work, and you snooping around in my stuff is just not gonna cut it. I'm telling you the truth. I found the record right here. That song meant something to my mother. I was hoping you'd tell me more about her. Now is not the time. No, don't take that from me. All right, just, uh... just be careful with it. Hanted by this photograph And don't know why I think Kyle mistook getting grounded for being in prison. There's a difference? He locked his door this morning. I wouldn't worry about it. He's never locked it before. Maybe he just wants some privacy. Privacy? I don't get it. - Oh, I get it. - People, it's breakfast. Good morning. Kyle. Just in time to have a little breakfast. Maybe you can beat the batter. Are we having pancakes? Or perhaps you'd like to grill your sausage. - Okay, Josh... - I might vomit. - Kyle, ignore him. - Why? Not even worth explaining. Now that we're all together enjoying our quality time... Mandated quality time. Whatever. You're gonna make good use of it. - Meaning? - Gutters. Clean 'em out. You and I are gonna wash all the windows outside. That's cruel and unusual punishment. We cooked up a little to-do list for you guys, too. Bring it on. I'll to-do the hell out of it in exchange for the briefest of parole periods later this evening. Your sentence does not include a parole option. I'm trying to be a responsible young adult. I'm the sober cab to Preston's party. Sober cab? Designated non-drinking driver, and if I bail, I'll ruin it for everyone else. Everyone else should not be drinking at all. Absurd request denied. As long as the parole board's in session, I really need to see Andy today. Emotional support. She's got chemo. Andy has chemo on tuesdays, and I can't believe you just falsely played the cancer card. It was her idea. You wanna make a plea, too? No. I'll do my time. Man of honor. Or a giant suck-up. You can start by cleaning your room. I'll get started. Think he's gonna go peel his banana? This is so sweet, but I'm too nervous to eat. Maybe you're underestimating your mother. She might surprise you. I appreciate the optimism, but I expect bloodcurdling screams followed by frothing at the mouth. Well, I'm here if you need me. I'm counting on it. Here goes. - Hi. - Hi. You should, uh, keep your window closed, unless you want Josh to spray your whole room. How long do you think that'll take? In Josh time, all day. Thanks. Amanda, we have a problem. No. None of the other window's open. Great. So what do we do? - Amanda? - What about her? I was just wondering how she's doing in New York. My guess is she'll be thrilled to get a break from her mother. No. The front door. Amanda Bloom, you little stowaway. Lori? Here you go. I left the pieces out in the dining room. - Armed and ready to polish. - Make me proud. Kyle, I need you at the computer. Okay. Whenever I save something, the hard dive makes this grinding sound, like "wooosshh." I'll take a look at it. - Mrs. Trager. - Yes. I'm Constance Berlinger. I'm with the department of children services. How can I help you? We've received a complaint about your ward. Kyle? Who filed a complaint? You know I can't tell you that. Never mind. I can guess. Carol Bloom? Unbelievable. She's angry because she thinks Kyle interfered with Amanda. She must have called social services. He's no longer in the system. Well, he was, and if someone files a complaint about a former ward of the state, they're legally bound to check it out. What was her complaint? That Kyle's living here without proper supervision and being disruptive to the community. - That's not true. - Well, of course it isn't. But now we need to prove it. To that woman? She doesn't even know us. This is how the system works. We just have to get through this. Let her go through her checklist. What kind of checklist? Questions to make sure we're providing a safe and healthy environment for you. The first question, Does the child have his own proper bed? Great. Well, the bigger problem is keeping the truth about you a secret. I'll be careful. None of us can slip. I know her type, very thorough. We just have to keep our stories straight and... stay on our toes. Be careful. This woman can't find out who you really are. Just so I'm up to speed. You were first called in to treat Noah... Kyle. I'm a little confused. We changed his name. Legally, at his request. I'd like to see those papers. Oh, no problem. Stephen, they're in the family file in my office. Could you go grab them? Absolutely. Could I get you something to drink? Ice water, please. So, you first met Kyle at the detention center, diagnosed him with amnesia, and the very next day, moved him, your new patient, in here with your family. There were special circumstances. Of course there were. I hate that some stranger can just come in here and decide things about us. I know. As if we're the kinda kids who'd smuggle in one of their runaway girlfriends or something. Amanda needed help. Oh, no. You're not getting away with the nutshell version. What happened with you two last night? I heard a knock on my window, and I went over and Amanda was out there, - and she really needed... - No, no, no. Never mind, I know nothing happened. It's you and Amanda, for god sakes. Still, where'd she sleep? My tub. Where did you sleep? My tub. You dog! And? Okay, the real scandal is did she just bail on her flight and come here? Yes. And her mother, the crypt keeper, doesn't know. Well, she must know by now, assuming Amanda left and went home. She better have. You don't wanna get busted harboring a fugitive with that social worker here. Shaken, not stirred. Thank you. Following the death of his parents, you've become his permanent guardians. Yes. We love Kyle. Honestly, the idea of him being disruptive in any way is ludicrous. Our son Josh on the other hand... Is there a problem with Josh's behavior? Is there a problem with Josh's behavior? There's no problem. I have to hide all my porn. She's gonna search the house? Oh, yeah. Social worker is basically a fancy title for "snoop." What's she looking for? Weapons of mass destruction. Guns, sex toys, drugs, booze. Oh, no! Relax. Dad flushed his pot stash, remember? I'm not worried about dad. You have a pot stash now? No. I have this. Oh! beer? I was holding it for Preston until his parents left town. I'm the only one he could trust with it. Because I'm the most responsible. I hate myself! Well, we have to get rid of it. First, you. Out. Smuggling beer is not gonna score you any points. But I'm the one that got you into this mess in the first place. Two little words called "peer pressure" got me into this mess. Go figure out a story to explain why you have a bathtub in your room instead of a bed. And you... Tap into that cunning little brain of yours and come up with something quick. Tell me about his relationships outside the family. I assume you're referring to Amanda. It's a very caring, supportive relationship. There's nothing objectionable or inappropriate. Amanda's mother is overreacting. She's a little... high-strung. Amanda, I thought you made it home. I'm trapped. That social worker's staked out your living room. I bet my mother's responsible. It's so mortifying. Maybe we should tell her. What, that I never got on my plane and hid out here in your bedroom all night? That would prove all the complaints she had about you. - So what do we do? - Sneak me out. Then I'll wait till she leaves and head home. Why wait? Do you want that social worker around when my mom's head explodes? I'll move the ladder. Look, I know you're nervous, but when you talk to her just be yourself. I'm sorry to put you through this. It's not your fault. Carol Bloom's trying to pin the problems she having with Amanda on you. Anyway, I thought I'd show off some of your drawings. Can I go grab a few? I don't wanna show them. - They're beautiful. - They're too personal. Oh. Well, of course. Then you may want to take them off your wall before she inspects your room? When's that happening? I'd like to delay explaining your tub for as long as possible, at least until you've won her over. - Right. - Make sure your room is ready in case she insists on starting there. So get back in there and clear out anything incriminating. Okay. I'll try. - What are you doing here? - What are you? Amanda, we need... - What are you doing here? - That's what I want to know. You said when she left, we could spend more time together. - You did? - Well, I... And now she's climbing through your bedroom window? I asked you not to do that. I had to see you right away. Why? - That's none of your business. - Excuse me? Why aren't you in New York? That's none of your business! Both of you, please! I'm already grounded! There a social worker investigating my family, and I can't let her find two girls who aren't supposed to be here fighting in my room! You both have to go. Now. Declan? How come I got stuck doing this part? You hid it, you lift it. That ladder weighs a ton. Thank god the cavalry's here. Your leg okay? A little wobbly, but... there's beer to be liberated and damsels to be rescued, so... I must say I'm impressed. You coming here helping Lori out, even though she's still closed for business. Jerk! Oh, smart! Leave a bruise with a social worker present. Josh? I need you. Go, go, go! Our room's up here with Josh and Lori's. Kyle's got the spare one downstairs. I'll show you around down there after you've had a chance to talk to everybody. Hello, mother. What can I do for you? This is Mrs. Berlinger. She'd like to see your room. But of course. It's this one right here. The one that says "Josh" on the door? Exactly. Looking for an escape route? I just need to get some fresh air. Yeah. I don't blame you. Well, hopefully she'll be quick and painless. If she asks you about Amanda, I think you should say you hope she's having a great time. but knowing how her mother feels, you recognize the appropriate boundaries. Boundaries. Right. - Will you excuse me? - Sure. And this is Lori's room. - They're coming! - Lori? Constance Berlinger, my daughter Lori. And welcome to my... den of teen angst. Which I must confess, I retreat to way too often. Not kyle, though. Not Mr. Positive Spin. You should let some light in here. What are you doing? What does it look like I'm doing? I need to move the ladder. That's gonna be a little difficult right now. Can you not touch that? I don't think Kyle would want you to handle it. How would you know? I know that box is very important to him. Do you know why it's important to him? Because I do. Oh, really? Why? I can't share that information with you and neither can Kyle. You have no idea about what Kyle and I share with each other. I know you don't know him as well as you think. You can't go through the window and the social worker's about to start my interview with a clear view of the front door. So I'm still stuck? Not necessarily. I'll get jessi out of here first. And if I can't get back to you, look for my signal then go. What kind of signal? I'm not sure yet. You'll just know. Come with me. Finally, we can talk. - Later. - No. This is important. Here. It's their song, D4. It's the missing record from the jukebox. Where did you get this? I found it in my room. Brian said he didn't leave it there for me, but I don't know who else would. You have to play it. I will... but I can't right now. It's part of our history. I know, but I need to focus on my family right now. Brian said that you would be like this. He said I couldn't count on you. Why would he say that? You keep sending me away. Jessi, you know the situation today. So what if some social worker sees me here? She can't see anything out of the ordinary. We are out of the ordinary. Don't forget, I'm more like you than any of these people here, more than the Tragers and more than Amanda. Why do you have to make this a competition? There should be no competition. Jessi! Jessi! - I'll leave when I want. - Jessi. I didn't know you were here. She was just leaving. Hi, there. And you are? - Jessi. - A friend of Kyle's? Well, I'd like to think I'm more than that. Well, I started off as Nicole's patient, but now it's like I'm part of the family. How lovely. Well... bye. How long was Jessi your patient? For a few months. You treated her here? Yes, but I don't see patients at home anymore. Because they kept becoming part of the family? What'd she say? "Mrs. Trager, you seem to have a history of getting too involved emotionally." At least nicole has emotions. You realize that eavesdropping is an invasion of privacy and that me asking you to do it is unacceptable parenting, right? - Right. - Good. What did she say now? 24 cases, 20 ladder rungs each way. Just a few weeks post-op. You know I'll owe you for, like, ever, right? I'm already making a list of the ways you can make it up to me. No way. We made a deal. Oh, I think we should amend our deal to include one-time payments for heroic measures. You want me to lose my born-again virgin status because you helped me move beer so you can bring it to a party that I can't even go to? Um, pretty much. You're technically doing it to help Kyle anyway, which you always do for no return favors. And now that I think about it, I'm mad at you because how come you never ask him for anything, and yet I get propositioned for casual, meaningless sex? Meaningless sex? Really? Not meaning... You know what I mean. No. No, I'm not so sure that I do. Don't get mad. I'm being a jerk, huh? Tell the boy something he doesn't already know. Not a good time, Josh. Look, I enjoy the "are they or aren't they" drama as much as the next person, but you two seem to have gotten a little sidetracked. Yeah, I'm on it. While you're at it, figure out how to explain why kyle sleeps in the bathtub. Well, he's got a cover story for that. The one his fake parents used. Yeah, but that's a lie, and you know how Kyle is with the lying. Meanwhile, he's had Amanda secretly hidden in his room for the last 12 hours. Even if Kyle the rebel makes an appearance, pretend you're the social worker. Does any cover story explain why two responsible parents would allow their child to sleep in a bathroom appliance? Kyle, Mrs. Berlinger wants to speak to you now. Just another day in the Trager house. Maybe that's why she's here. No, seriously. With everything that's happened since Kyle came into our lives, what seems everyday to us may be just plain weird to everybody else. Yeah, maybe you're right. How many kids help take down a multi-national corporation over the weekend? So, Kyle, how would you describe your time with the Tragers? They've been wonderful to me. I had no one when they took me in, and they became my family. But you found your family? You were reunited with your real parents. Leaving the Tragers was extremely difficult. When I was gone, I missed them terribly. And what was it like coming back here after your parents died? She was trained to pickup on non-verbal cues. A twitch, a tense grip of my hands, a nervous gesture, anything that could indicate I wasn't being truthful. Kyle? Even though the circumstances were tragic, I knew I'd be in a home where I felt loved and well taken care of. I'd like to know more about your relationship with Nicole. This was Amanda's chance to escape, but there was no way she could know it. I had to signal her, but how? When did it become more maternal than professional? I knew if I relaxed and concentrated, I could control the flow of electrons through the house. Nicole and I had a special bond from the beginning. I felt a special connection with everyone here. They've all taught me something important. All of the abilities I'd explored seemed useless If I couldn't help Amanda sneak out of the house. I had to focus, just not look like I was focusing. They've all welcomed me as one of their own. My life has changed for the better by living here with them. What kinds of things have they taught you? I think the most important thing is what it means to be a family. Am I passing your test? This isn't a test. It merely helps me evaluate... whether or not this is a loving and nurturing environment. Something like that. I don't understand. How can you quantify a family's love for one another? How can you measure intangible things like nurturing? It's just a tool that social services uses. A standard checklist. I need to get Amanda past the kitchen and out of the house. If it's a checklist you need, let me give you mine. They gave me a seat at their dinner table when I had nowhere else to go. Stephen gave up his work room so I could have my own place to sleep. Josh taught me how to play basketball. And Lori shared her birthday with me. And Nicole always made me feel safe and protected, even when I felt lost and scared. I could go on and on cause this family means everything to me. Interesting. Oh. Oh, gosh. I'm sorry. Oh! - Amanda? - Mom? Someone from the airline called telling me you never got on the plane. - Mom... - You deliberately defied me, Amanda. I didn't plan any of this! This kind of deceitful, impetuous behavior. You never would have done it if it weren't for him. Carol, I know you're upset, but it's really unfair to blame Kyle. He has fill her head with god-knows-what nonsense, now she is lying to me, and she is throwing away everything she has worked for. That was my choice. It has nothing to do with Kyle. But you came here and ran to him, didn't you? Yes, but... And you let her in, did you not? Yes, but it was late... And my daughter spent the night here, and you knew nothing about it, did you? It's that kind of loose, permissive attitude... Mom, stop! The Tragers are an amazing family, and Kyle is the most incredible person. The real problem is you have no idea and no interest in who I am or what I want. So maybe you should ask yourself why I was so afraid to talk to you that I hid here all night instead of coming home. If you wanted to report a really messed up family, uou should have reported our own. What are you talking about? Everyone knows you called social services here. I did nothing of the sort. I'm sorry, Mrs. Trager. I didn't mean to cause you so much trouble. I'm sorry. Well, clearly that's a private family matter, not one social services could resolve. - Then we're done. - For now. I still need to file my report. Is there anything else I can tell you? No, no. I'll just... Oh, wait. There is something I've overlooked. Kyle's room. - What about it? - I need to see it. Is there a problem? No, not at all. It's this way. We've always believed in making Kyle feel as comfortable as possible, and we encouraged him to make his room his own, which includes some unorthodox choices. Believe me, I've see hundreds of teenagers' rooms with the most eccentric designs. Nothing can throw me. Well, always a first. This is it. This all seems quite ordinary. If you ask me, perfectly normal. Thank you. You'll receiver notice of my evaluation within 48 hours. I don't suppose you could give me a little preview. It's not easy when someone drops in and puts your whole family under a microscope. But yours survived. And Kyle seems like a promising young man. I don't see any reason to be concerned about him. Thank you. I do, however, have some gave concerns about you. The way you've crossed boundaries, mixing your personal and your professional life shows an alarming lack of judgment and ethical integrity. It would be remiss of me if I didn't file the proper notice. I'm shocked that you feel that way. Really? Knowing what I've heard about you, it doesn't surprise me at all. How'd you get a bed in here? I just found it this way. Beer? Soft, firm, and extra firm. Where did it all come from? Does it matter? We saved the day. Lori, you have how many cases of beer in this house? Not to drink. I was storing it for some friends. And I know that's, like, the most idiotic move ever. So go ahead and do what you need to do. Well, you're staying grounded, that's for sure. I know it got you into trouble, but thank you for doing this. All of you. Thank you for today. We should celebrate. Let's crack open a few, make a toast. Well, say good-bye to this beer. Come on, everybody out. Come in. You've been in here all day. A lot to catch up on. I don't want to disturb you, I... I just wanna say that I know letting Amanda stay here without telling you was wrong, and I'm sorry. It's funny. What? How even with the best of intentions, making one questionable decision can... Lead to such a mess. I think things are still gonna be a mess for me and Amanda with Mrs. Bloom. Well, hopefully, in time, She'll cool off and won't see you as an issue. Is everything all right, Nicole? Everything's fine. Damn, Josh. You scared the living... Hey, hey! You eat with that mouth? It's been a long day. What do you want? I just thought we could spend a moment and reflect on a job well done. I still can't believe we actually pulled it off. Please. Child's play to one that is adept in the black arts of adult deception as your gifted yet humble brother. Lucky Declan was there. Yep. On the saving your bacon scale, I'd say he scored about nine. 8.5. What's your point? Nothing. I know I'm a new player in the great game of adolescent relationships. But if you ask me, I'd say the big D is carrying the proverbial torch. Yes, sirree. He's tasted from the fountain of lor, and he wants to dive right... Finish that sentence, and I guarantee you they'll never find the body. - Hey, I was just saying... - Get out. Amanda. I'm sorry. I'm not allowed to let you in. I'm not allowed to go in. I just wanna make sure you're okay. I'm still grounded, but I'm fine. How about you? My mom and I talked. She's still hurt and angry, but... at least she listened more than usual this time. That's encouraging. Unfortunately, she won't let me see you, outside of school, for a while. And I need to get a job to be more mature and responsible. To tell you the truth, after the way I've handled things, I don't really blame her. Well, I'll learn to be more mature and responsible with you. That song. That's the one you asked me to play when you and Jessi were out somewhere. You never told me why you needed it. It helped us get where we needed to go. Kyle, if there's ever anything you want to tell me, I hope you know you can. I do know that. Okay. Well, good night. Good night. Only a day had passed since my decision to hide Amanda, and allowing her to stay in the house seemed to leave her with new questions about me. Still, I didn't regret making that choice because it's worth taking risks to help the people you care about. And that day, I knew that my family was willing to take risks for me, that our love for each other could never be questioned and that the secrets we keep remain unexposed. I've been to his home. He's very attached to the family. It could be a problem. But now I understand why you believe he's the one. After no further questions, I'd like to say again what an honnor it is