If she letting us study together, a date can't be far behind. - Mrs. Bloom? - Yes? Can I take Amanda to the prom? Maybe. Yes. Maybe I am lazy and I lack study skills but I've changed. And I'm gonna do something important with my life. My test results are back. I'm officialy in remission. I'm finally comfortable with where we are. - Which is? - Friends. - Friends. - Without benefits. Brutal. - Did you hear any of that song? - Hum... Not really. - Come in here. - Why do his opinion matter? He knows music. Brian told me all about the girl in the picture, Sarah. He said he created me from Sarah's genetic material after she died. "The Biochemistry Departement cancel the final exam after discovering honnor student Sarah Emerson stold the test and vandalized the lecture hall in the science building." She gave everyone the answers. My mother was awesome. The way you've cross boundaries mixing your personnal and professionnal life shows an alarming lack of jugdment and ethical integrity. Challenge yourself. Incredible. Nead a break? I'm just getting started. I'm fine. You can't keep doing this to yourself. Promise me you'll stop. I promise. Where did you get this? Someone left it for Jessi. We don't know who. Sarah and I used to burried messages for each other beneath the music. We translate the sounds into images. I gave Sarah a Latnok ring with a red stone. - I thought Sarah was dead. - She is. Never miss. Every day, we face questions of right and wrong, and decisions about wether to take actions or stay out of the game. And it's when those choices are at least clear that draw upon our conscience, follw our instincts, and reveal our true character. This is like the one place on the world where I almost got the edge on you. What are you gonna to do now? Like I said, almost. I do have an advantage. Tell me about it, pod boy. I'm talking about your ankle. You've been favoring your good one. Just hope the coach at U-Dub don't notice. U-Dub? I'm working out there next week to show them what I can do. Can't let this bum ankle slow me down. So, what's up with you? How are things with you and Amanda? It's good. Her mom's let me take her to the prom. I just... gotta think of the right way to ask her. Dude, it's not a marriage proposal. I just want it to be perfect. Who will you taking? Oh I love that book, how do you like it? I'm not reading, I'm listening. Listening? You know that's a really bad habit eavesdropping on people. Tell me you wouldn't do it if you could. So what did they saying? Kyle just ask Declan who is taking to the prom. Really? And ? They're talking about Declan's ankle again. Damn. Mr. Trager. I've just redceive the result from the placement exams. Please sit down. And your score... went up by an astonishing 27% over last year. That's awesome. Mr. Trager I take great pride in what the students in Beachwood can accomplish - Thank you. - Which is why I find this situation, so disturbing. You're a former remedial student from a C average. - C plus. - Yes, well. It's just not possible to make such a dramatic leap without assistance. Mr. Hooper I busted my ass studying. Mr. Trager... I'll take that test again, right here, right now ! There are too many other average students who scored well above the norm. Now something is going on here, and I promise you I'm going to find out what. I will not tolerate cheaters at my school. Sous-titre VO ::: MiniBen314 Transcript ::: Shooter.cn pour www.Forom.com</b> Traduction ::: La Team XY Sechs, Jayson.sosweet et MiniBen314 vous présentent</b> Kyle XY 2x21 - Grey Matters</b> That makes you feel better? The banana got Marie Antoinetted because I can't do it to Hooper. The funny thing is, if you had asked me who Marie Antoinette was about three months ago, I would have probably said that French foreign exchange student with the acne. But I've been applying my-self. I found a new leaf and turned that puppy over. I know how much work you've been doing. You wouldn't cheat after all that. Would you ? You're the human lie detector, you tell me. You didn't cheat. Now convice Hooper. Make the world safe for bananas everywhere. Tropical splendor, your favorite. I didn't order this. You're here, I just assumed you'd asked. Thank you. Amanda, speaking of asking... Can I have a straw? Oh, yeah, sure. I'm sorry. Step into my office. It's about the prom. Mrs. Bloom said I can ask Amanda. But I don't know how. I'll take this one. Amanda, would you go to prom with me? It's that easy? I mean I thought... If it were that simple, you're must be missing something? Well, yes. And you came to your goddesses of all things oestrogen for the real skinny. You came to us for a girl advice. Just ask her. - I'll do it now. - No! You can't do that. Look at her, she's way too busy. And she's a big chunk of kiwi stuck in her hair. Okay. I'll do it when she goes on her break. She will have low blood sugar and her feet will hurt. I thought you said this was simple. The question is simple but the timing of the question... Needs to be perfect. I heard you're ankle hearts. Did it makes the news? I think I can help you. I know how to work through pain. Maybe I take yours away. Okay. Well not, not here, it has to be a secret. And you can't tell Kyle. Why? Beacause he doesn't like when I do special things. You know, thanks, but heu, I think I'm gonna let it heal on it's own. It's good that you haven't told Jessi. It will be wrong, to gave her hope that her mother is alive before we're sure. And I'm concerned that she might tell Taylor. What do you think he might do? Use that information to try to restore his standing with Latnok. The same reason he keeps pushing Jessi. To impress them. There's no point. Latnok is down with him. Who ever sent this is very concerned about remaining unexposed But if it is Sarah... why would she fake her own death ? Why would she stay hidden all this time ? Because people hide when they're afraid. Or, when they want to reinvent themselves. Or when they're secretly healing themselves from a gunshot wound. True. But if she really is alive why is she contacting me now, and not you? Because I faild her when she needed me. I can't believe principal Hooper. He was completely inappropriate to hurl an accusation like that at you after the effort you've made. I've been profile based on a past reputation, we should sue. You're sure your case would hold up in court? Please. I may have cut a few corners back on a day, but I'm an honest-to-God B student now. Well I think principal Hooper needs a good talking to. I'll go with you. Oh no, no. You don't need to miss your class. I can handle him. Go Mrs. Trager ! Now this one. That's too heavy. Be positive. That's right, you can do it. Why did you stop? Ah, I'm bleeding. Just wipe it off and keep going, you're doing so well. Don't quit. Look, we need to show them that you weren't a mistake. We need to prove to Latnok that we matter. Well, all I do is training here, day after day... Time come, when we'll prove to them what you can do. Meanwhile, why don't we change up your routine a little bit? Tomorrow we'll take it outside. Okay, yeah. That sounds good. In the mean time... Let's try it again. Hooper said there are other students whose grades didn't match their usual grades. And apparently I was involved in a crappy stutend cheating ring I didn't know about. How would that work? I mean if you could have cheated. I guess the old me may have considered a cheat sheet. Impratical in this case, way to much material to cover. Any other methods? Sneaking a peek at someone else's answer is an option, but I sat between Darryl Tibb, who was wasted at the time, and Kim Tresa, hot as Hell but not mental giant. If anything, they cheated off me. My only crime was doing better than Hooper expected me to. I should've bombed as usual and avoided this mess. - No, you eran that score. - Yeah, I did. I really want to keep it. Good night. Good night. Keep my secret. Anonymous Are you Sarah? Sarah? You can't accuse Josh of cheating because his score has improve. - If you look at his record... - That was last year. He's finally made a commitment to his education. You shoul be applauding that not condamning him without any proof. Mrs. Trager, in my experience, numbers lie far less thant people do. And unfortunately, this number show that you have two suspected cheaters living in your home. Now you're sugesting Lori is involved? No. No, not your daughter. Kyle? Come in. Hi. You got to be kidding me. Why would the smartest kid at your school bother to cheat on a test he could take blindfolded? Mr. Hooper, Josh didn't cheat, neither did I. It is come to my attention that someone hacked in the district's computer system, downloaded the test and then posted them on some sort of secret web site. The results being that students who are failing their courses managed to ace their exams. I want you to show me that web site and tell me who logged onto it. I don't know anything about a web site. You can't target Kyle for posting those tests even I'd know how to do that. Yes, but hacking in the district mainframe is only slightly harder than breaking into Fort Knox Now, you know any other student here that coul do that, besides him? What were you thinking? What do you mean? It's so Sarah. So Sarah got trouble for what she did at U-Dub Because she got caught. And she gave away the answers to the test, I just post the questions. Why ? For attention ? No. Everyone was complaining about the exams. I just wanted to help them. Except Hooper think I did it. And now Josh and everyone who scored higher than expected is under suspicion. Well, maybe they cheated. Or maybe they studied really hard like Josh did. Look, all I did was post the test and help spread the word a little. I'm not responsible for anyone who log on to check it out. - What is it? - Nothing. Jessi, you promised you'd stop pushing yourself. I'm fine. Just got me worked up a little. Are you going to turn me in ? No. Thanks. Hi. Why is everyone smiling at me? Well, word's out you're the hacker who posted the exams. I didn't. I know that, but they don't. They're impressed by someone who helped people cheat? Everyone looks for an edge, it's human nature. Did you look at the web site? No, but I would have if I'd have known about it. You've got to built an advantage over anyone at this school. So a sneak peek at that test sort of leveled the playing field. They still have to look all the answers so it's not... - Is your ankle any better? - The same, which sucks. I'll catch you later. Been there, done him. And him. We've been watching the same parade of neanderthals since 7th grade. I suppose I could tap into my inner lesbian and go with a hot cheerleader. You have an inner lesbian? To not have to go stag to prom I would inner anything. Any news on the DJ? I need to finalize the budget. - I'm working on it. - On it or on him? You seriously have to stop with that. You're interested in the DJ? I am not interested in the DJ! Is there a smart girl quote for what just happened there ? Methinks the lady doth protest too much. - Thank you smart girl. - You're welcome. So, has anything delicious happened to you today? Hillary! - What are you talking about? - Nothing. We're talking about smart girls and smart but clueless boys who need their friends' help to pave the glorious way to prom. Stop it. You're gonna spoil it for her. Spoil what? Both of you, spill. I can't help it. It is too cute. You're gonna be so excited. You really think you can help me? What changed your mind? My ankle hurts. It's really tight and I gotta be at the top of my game. - You want to be the best. - I want to be my best. - I know what that's like. - So you're still into it? Well, the truth is I've... I've never done anything like it before. Give it a shot. Okay. Just promise that you won't tell Kyle. - I promise. - Okay. So he thinks you're the hacker? Does Hooper know who is dealing with? You're mister "pure as snow, I can not tell a lie". I don't know about that, but I guess he thinks I'm smarter enough to do it. Hooper thinks you're not smart enough to do well, so you must have cheated. And you're really smart, so you must be the hacker. We're both victims of Hooper's twisted logic. And I'm telling you... forget the bananas, because I'm going straight to Hooper and I'm go... Hey hey Mr. Hooper! How's it going? Well I'm very disappointed. I had hope my students would show more conscience, but so far no one's come forward. It's force me to consider canceling the prom. What does the prom have to do with this? Nothing. As soon as you show me the web site. Mr Hooper, I told you, it's the first I've heard of it. Then maybe you can tell me who is responsible and I'll take your cooperation into account. I am merely trying to protect the legitimate score of honest students. Yeah, me included. Why did they look mad at you? I think they blame me because principal Hooper might cancel the prom. Because of the web site? He wants to know who posted the exams. Okay. You want me to tell? Fine. But a lot of other people going to get into trouble if I do and I don't think you'd like it. What do you mean? If I show Hooper my web site, he could trace the IP adresses of every computer that logged onto it. I started to already and kept a list. Why did you do that? Because I like to see the people I help. No, I don't want to see that. You need to, to understand why Hooper can't. You still want me to tell him? Hey. Hi. The Hooper patrol's got you down, huh? Yeah. Let me whip you up today's special. You'll love it, it's fantastic. Maybe later. Amanda, I need to ask you something. Okay. Please, ask away. There was a web site where someone posted the placement tests in advance. Did... It's none of my business. I didn't mean to make you feel bad. I already do. I heard a rumor about the web site and logged on. When I got to the cover page I just couldn't go through of it. I click right off. I never saw any of questions. But why did you even go there? You always get A's. I fell so far behind when I came back from the conservatory. When I heard about the web site I guess I just couldn't resist. - I'll tell Hooper what I did. - No, don't do that. You and Josh didn't do anything and you're getting so much grief. Amanda, how many people were tempted or look just because they were curious? Don't say anything to Hooper. I'll figure a way out. Yes Mr Taylor? Jessi is almost ready. I know you don't approve of my creating her. But I appreciate the opportunity to show you that it wasn't a mistake. And I think you'll all be very impressed with what she can do. Holly crap! How did you do that? Everything with an atomic mass have a gravitational field that can be manipulated. That simple huh? It's a joke. Hey, you and Kyle are so alike sometimes. You... you haven't say anything to him, have you? No, but why is this such as secret? I'm not supposed to talk about it. My father would be mad. So, you're out here every day? Well I used to train inside, but now start by running 13 miles. Wait. You warm up with a half-marathon? I have to condition myself so I'm ready. For what? Let's check out your ankle. Has your big brain figures out how to clear both our names yet? I'm working on it. But I think it's only fair to tell you I have access to a list. It's a log of all the IP adresses that looked at the website. How did you get that? It's not important. But your computer's not on there so it's should help your case. But I couldn't show it to Hooper without ratting everyone else out. - This is true. - Then forget it. Nobody's taking the fall for me. Dude, I've got morals. I know, it's juste nice to see. Now, huh... Show me who's on that list. Hey, I may have morals, I still want to see who doesn't. I need to keep it confidential. Figures. Man, it's sucks you may miss out if Hooper follows through and cancels the prom. Have you, asked her anyways? Bad timing. Bye. He's threaten to cancel prom? Okay, that is not acceptable. To strong arm you like that... I'd like to take principal Hooper and just... You and Josh like to take all your aggressions on food. Except he chops bananas. Yeah well, pasta is much more satisfying. I have to call the superintendent and tell him how Hooper's been handling all this. I wish you wouldn't. Look Kyle, with you and Josh both under the gun... I mean, I know you want to protect Jessi but... She is the one who is responsible, isn't she? I don't want to get anyone into trouble. She made a mistake. - She needs to own up to it. - She's willing to. But that would mean exposing some other people. How did it go to school today? Awesome. Unless you count the big black cloud over my head. What's the point of trying when no one believes your grades anyway? Well, I do. Josh, I know it's been tough, but I am proud of you. I have to tell you, the way you turned your grades around, and more important watching you support Andy through her illness, being such a loving friend, I don't think I had that kind of maturity at your age. In fact, I know I didn't. So you just keep doing what your doing. Don't let the Hoopers of this world get you down. PLEASE HELP JESSI. What do you mean? TAYLOR WON'T STOP UNTIL HE DESTROYS HER.</i> "Taylor won't stop until he destroys her"? HELP JESSI, HELP JESSI, HELP JESSI, HELP JESSI...</i> What does that mean, Taylor's trying to destroys her? Well, Jessi said she's stop pushing herself but I can tell she's lying. I can sens she's not well. Maybe Taylor's behind it. Well we still don't know who sent those messages or wether to trust them. I know I don't trust Taylor. Oh, I hate to say this Kyle but... I don't think I can get involve when it comes to Jessi. My profesionnal conduct is in question. That social worker who came here, she cited me for crossing ethical boundaries. You're the most ethical person I know. Thank you but the truth is I've... I've skirted the rules now and then. When I needed to... I've cheated. If you did, I'm sure it was to help somebody. Well, I need to be carefull now. And since I am not Jessi's therapist anymore... I understand. You've already done so much to help Jessi. And that social worker was wrong about you. When you think about it if you hadn't skirted the rules... I might not be here at all. - You look cranky. - I can't get this verse right. Can't help you there. I'm tone-deaf. - Hills, these are lyrics. - I can rhyme a little. Have to be careful with rhymes, it's too pedestrian. So Mark says. Why do you care so much what he says? Once and for all... this is a professional one-song-only relationship. I hope so. Cause I really hate to see you blow off Declan for a taste college boy pie. Declan? Can you honestly tell me that you still don't feel the sparkage? Decaln and I are in a really good place right now, I don't want to mess with that. Doesn't have to be a mess this time. Away with you now. I need to be brilliant. Fine. I've done my job. Seed planted. Good job, Declan. - Hey what's up? - I was looking for Jessi. Yeah, I haven't seen her. - It seems better. - Oh, it is. Like magic. What? Your heart is racing. Yeah, I was just kicking ass in that game. Faster than when you walked over here. Oh, man, the CIA should snatch you up. I told Jessi I wouldn't tell you, but... the whole thing creeped me out a little. She did something. I'm not sure how, but... she made my ankle not hurt anymore. What did she do exactly? She touched my ankle, and then she just concentrated. I'm not into that whole faith healer mumbo jumbo stuff but... it does feel a lot looser. Maybe she manipulated the joint in some way. Or maybe it's just the power of sugestion. I was desperate for a fix. That tryout means everything to me. I know it does. You just need to make sure that your ankle's really healed so you don't hurt it again. Yeah, I get it. - I appreciate you seeing me. - Well, it sounded urgent. - Please, sit. - Thank you. I think it is. We both know it's dangerous for Jessi or Kyle to expand their abilities too quickly. And it's come to my intention you may be encouraging Jessi to do just that. It's come to your attention? You know, you seem to have this strange compulsion, Nicole, to interfere in other people's business. When a child's welfare is at stake, it is my business. You are no longer Jessi's therapist. She's doing just great. - I'd still like to talk to her. - Well, that's not gonna happen. Well, I hoped we could deal with this privately, but I'll go over your head if I need to. What, by involving social services? See, I don't think you're gonna do that. You're already on notice with them. And if you attempt to contact Jessi in any way, I will lodge a complaint with them, I promise you. You'll just have to do that then. You went to see Taylor? And now I'm convinced he's up to something. He threatened to make trouble if I don't stay out of it. Well, what do we do? Well, I'm not backing off. Jessi could be in danger. I'm not backing off, either. We've been through a lot. We'll figure out how to get through this too. Nicole... What made you change your mind about getting involved? You. Jessi. What are you doing here? I'm worried about you. Declan lied to me. He promised. I don't know why Taylor's pushing you, but you need to stop. Brian wouldn't let anything bad happen to me. He cares about me. Does he care that your nose starts to bleed every time you strain too hard? Jessi, please don't listen to him anymore. What am I supposed to do? He's my father. A real father wouldn't push you this way. Yeah, well, he's all I have. - Jessi. - Go away. Please go away. Mr. Hooper. I think I have what you've been looking for. Well, Mr. Trager, it's taken you a while, But I'm pleased you finally decided to follow your conscience. My conscience has always been clear. I didn't post the exams. But I can give you the internet addresses of all the computers that accessed the web site. But you should know in total, there were 774 hits. Well, that's impossible. The entire student body is only 812. Clearly, not all of us cheated. Well, no, the scores don't reflect that, but.. So I can give you the list, and you can trace the addresses, but you can never be certain Who simply checked out the rumor and logged off right away. And you definitely can't prove who actually stayed to copy the questions. The entire school will take a new set of exams. It is the only fair thing to do. Mr. Trager, if you have those addresses then you must know where the web site is. Who created it, if not you? By withholding, it makes you an accomplice. Doesn't that also make you a cheater? I guess you could look at it that way. But everybody needs to live with their own choices. You think I should tell him? I just wish you'd be more careful about the things that you do. Have you seen Kyle? Prom's back on, have you heard? You're such a sports movie cliché right now. Feels like the right place to mope. Are you gonna tell me why, or are you still stuck in the flashback of the glory days? My ankle hurts again. It started to feel pretty good. But that was just temporary. All in my head, or whatever. Should've known. Nobody comes back from a surgery like mine and rocks a college-level workout. There will be other workouts, Declan, and other colleges. It doesn't matter if I'm not strong enough to play. It happens all the time, you know. People get injured, dream over. Well, look at the bright side, there aren't many point guards who fight evildoers in their spare time. Yeah, but with Kyle, I'm just a sidekick. But out here with five seconds on the clock, 3-point shot, I'd sink 'em half the time with my eyes closed. And cue sad, fallen hero music. Nice. Really helpful. What, you were on the express train Heading south to broodville. I'm pulling the emergency brake. Besides, I don't think you could make a 3-point shot with your eyes closed. Ha. Fluke. And your eyes weren't closed. Fine, I'll do it again. You're on. You're amazing. I mean,you know when to listen and when to shut me up. You totally get me. Why wouldn't I get you? I mean... friends get friends, right? Right. You Kyle. You did it. You find a way out. I'm just not sure everyone's too happy about having to retake the test. It was the right thing to do. Which, I hope you know, I don't always manage. Amanda, making the right choices isn't easy for me, either. But somehow, you always do. Kyle, you're such a good person. And I know you see me in a certain way. I jut feel like I'm bound to disappoint you. You could never do that. You're you. Will you go to the prom with me? I've been wanting to ask, but the timing's never been right, and... The timing is perfect. And yes, I would love to go with you. Is it happy Hooper banana day? You stopped the inquisition. I've been exonerated. Wow, now I know you've really been studying. A few months ago, you didn't know the words inquisition or exonerate. A shot of wheat grass to celebrate? I'll take one of those beauties instead. What? ancer couldn't do it. A pastry's not gonna kill me. I could cheat now and then. Hey, don't look at me. I'm no cheater. TONIGHT. What will happen? Hey, Kyle. Another shout out from Baylin's dead girlfriend? I'm still not sure. But if she was smart enough to stay hidden all those years, why would she send me ims, knowing they can be traced? I'm hoping that's a rhetorical question. Maybe she wants me to find her. Right, so call up and set up a date like a normal person. Too risky. Phone calls, ims, emails, can all be intercepted. Then what are you waiting for? Start tracing. Why aren't you training? I had a hard day, and I'm tired. Well, you've got to push through the fatigue. Jessi. This isn't a game we're playing here. This is your future. You told me I have to train so I can impress Latnok. When? When am I gonna do that? When I say you're ready. Now get up. My mother wouldn't treat me this way. Your mother's dead. In the past few weeks, I received four ims, each from a different computer, and in four separate locations. The four dots. They make a perfect square. That can't be a coincidence. But even you can't meet up in four places at once. Can you? If it's Sarah, she must be leading me somewhere. Someplace inside the square? Exactly. Eh, when you're hot, you're hot. What'd I do? X marks the spot. I know that place. I know where to go. I realized the messages I'd received were my test.</i> Whoever sent them to me needed me to solve a puzzle.</i> And only when I found the solution,</i> was I worthy of knowing the answer.</i> Hi. Hello. I'm Kyle. I know.