We need what he knows. She's the only one capable of getting it.</i> I have a feeling we're more alike than you think. How sweet is this? That's awesome. You're awesome. Kyle, I'd like to introduce you to the cerebral impulse relay, or CIR. If it can work on him, we can break through Kyle's firewall. You can remove the information that you require. I just spoke to the police. They went to Emily's house to look for Jessi.</i> She's run away. He went after her, didn't he? Hopefully, Kyle can explain. He's been hiding things, and you've been helping him. You lie. You've been lying. Get out! All Kyle has ever wanted is to be a part of your family. Bring our son home. I'm leaving tomorrow. Will you be back in time to say good-bye? I wanna be. - Who is he? - Adam Baylin. He knows I'm here. I think we can communicate with him.</i> Kyle, stop. She's betrayed you. I did it. I took what they wanted me to. - The information. - You shouldn't have trusted me. No! Jessi! Kyle, no! What are you doing? - She jumped! - She's already dead! And you can't bring her back by killing yourself. She took it. - She took what? - Everything. All the information in my head. Everything I got from Zzyzx. Well, maybe it's best that it died with her. No one could have survived that jump, not even you. Before today, I didn't think anyone could survive a gunshot. Look, I know I owe you an explanation. This was the plan from the very beginning, in case anything happened to Baylin. He wasn't sure that he'd be able to heal himself. He still might not recover. But he didn't want me to get your hopes up unnecessarily. In case he died. This is where you went. When you left and wouldn't tell me. You came here to take care of him. Yes. You were with me the rest of the time. Was he up here alone? Members of Latnok looked after him. Latnok? They still exist? Yes. That ring that you wear around your neck, the box you found at Baylin's, it all originated from Latnok. They have Baylin's best interests, and mine... and yours. - I wanna see him. - Not now. I have to find a safer location. You need to go home. But I can help you. Your family's waiting for you. It's time for you to tell them the truth. Hi. Hi. I know you have a lot of questions. I have a lot of answers, and I'm ready to tell you everything. None of it changes the way I feel about all of you. I hope that it doesn't change the way you feel about me. Sous-titre VO ::: www.shooter.cn modifié pour www.forom.com</b> Traduction ::: La Team XY : Sechs, Jayson.sosweet et MiniBen314 vous présentent</b> Kyle XY 2x14 - To C.I.R. With Love</b> I told them how Adam Baylin created me. Josh was wrong about me being an alien. But as far as believing I came from some place very different,</i> he was right on target. I told them how Foss saved me from Zzyzx,</i> then later returned to destroy it after Baylin was shot.</i> I told them how Brian Taylor betrayed us.</i> How could Nicole have known that by bringing me into her home,</i> she had also invited the danger that would follow me?</i> I revealed how I enlisted Declan as the keeper of my secrets.</i> And while I had gained an ally, Lori had lost a boyfriend. So I couldn't help wondering if I had lost her.</i> I warned them of the most recent danger.</i> Madacorp. How they recruited Stephen as an unwitting pawn in their game and their agenda to get what they wanted from me.</i> But I saved what I knew might be the most troubling part for last.</i> I told them all about Jessi. We already know that Jessi is different, but she and I are a lot alike. We were created the same way. Ballantine programmed her from the beginning to get the information that was inside my head, the information I got from Zzyzx, and she did. And then she jumped from the edge of the dam, and I couldn't save her. And that's it. That's everything. That is so much cooler than anything I've ever dreamed up. I knew that I'd given the Tragers a lot to process.</i> I was anxious to hear their response, but at the same time, I was afraid of what that response might be.</i> Today would be the day I'd know if I'd have to say good-bye to my family.</i> But it wasn't the only good-bye I had to worry about.</i> - Hello, Kyle. - Is Amanda home? She had to fly out this morning. Orientation at the conservatory started early. Sorry you missed her. I was just hoping I'd have a chance to say good-bye. I know. So did she. Well, I know she'll be amazing. She's never been anything but. Thank you. I didn't get a chance to say I'm sorry. For everything. I never meant for any harm to come to this family. Something wonderful happened to this family. You. You could never do anything to make us love you any less. So what do we do now? I do to Madacorp exactly what I did to Zzyzx when I was inside the pod. If Ballantine wants the information inside my head, he'll have to put me in the CIR chair to get it. But you said you don't have the information anymore. But he doesn't know that. Once I'm in the chair, I can create an energy surge that will burn out all of Madacorp's servers. Actually, you can't. The CIR chair's specifically isolated from the Madacorp mainframe. But... I can physically link it. All I need is a translink multi-induction cable and access to the mainframe corridor. If you can do that, I'll make sure that Madacorp can never do this to anyone again. Great. When do we start? As soon as possible. Not today. It's the Madacorp open house. That's right. It's perfect. No, really. There'll be a lot of people there, right? Yeah. It'll give us the perfect cover. Great. What are the rest of us supposed to do while you two go storm the castle? Technology, science, art. Only one company integrates all three for the benefit of mankind. Madacorp... How are you doing? I mean... Now that you know all of my secrets. I got dumped because Declan wouldn't trust me with your secrets. Do you know what that means? This wasn't about me. It wasn't my fault. All this time, I've been worried about what I did wrong or what I could have done different. I couldn't have done anything because it wasn't me. I'm free. - Free? - Yes! Free from all the drama with a capital Declan. Free from worrying about anybody else's feelings but my own. Free. Thank you for this. You're... welcome? Just make sure you and the kids stay close to the crowd. We will. This is the safest place for everyone. Ballantine won't do anything with all those witnesses around. Whoever thought when he hired you, you'd be his undoing? I'll be back in 45 minutes. Good luck. Okay. So, we know the drill. Just act normal. How can I act any another way? Mom and Dad won't tell us anything. All we have to do is protect the secret. I know the drill. Everything Kyle told us, outside of the family, we can't talk about. Talk about what? What are you doing here? Nice! This is the Madadork... corp... whatsit open house, right? You invited me to this thing, like, two weeks ago. Remember? We planned to eat every piece of food in the place cause the chemo's gonna make me ralph it back up anyway, and you're totally holding my hair back when I do. Wait a minute. What's going on? What? Nothing. Right! I can always tell when you're lying. I'm not lying. There's nothing going on. We are so screwed. I hear you've been looking for me. I must admit, I'm a little surprised to see you. You're a businessman. I'm here to make a deal. You have terms? A proposal. A trade that mutually benefits both partners. So what is it we're placing on the table? I give you the information inside my head. You leave my family alone. You talk like you know what the information is. I know it must be valuable if you've gone to such lengths to get it. Valuable? Thank you, Mr. Ballantine. More like priceless. Oh, my God. If this tastes half as good coming back up as it does going down, mmm! Hey, good to see ya. What are you doing? Acting normal. Well, stop acting normal. You're freaking kids out. What normal thing would you be doing if you weren't... You know, defending the greatest secret of the modern world? Looking for a cute guy to hook up with. What? I'm free to inspect the hotties. Lori Trager's open for business. I'm looking for a little... customer appreciation. I've eaten nine pigs in a blanket, but my stomach can't take thinking about you doing... Business. Well, too bad for you, because the next cute guy I see is about to have a very memorable open-house experience. You gotta be kidding me. What makes the information so priceless? 20 years of highly sensitive scientific research, and you're the only one who has it. There was no backup? When you don't want people to know what you're up to, you're careful about how you backup your information. They, unfortunately, were a little too careful. Finally. I didn't think we'd ever get to the front of this line. How does a crepe booth run out of crepes? Excuse me, sir, sorry. It's just that you got the last crepe, and I was in line for so long, and I really wanted one... First come, first serve. I have cancer. I can't believe you just used your cancer to get a french pancake. I can't believe I didn't use it a long time ago. Besides, do you know how freeing it is not have to keep this big giant secret? What do you think you're doing? Emily. Making sure the protocols are still online. Stephen, you have no clue who you're really dealing with. Leave now, and I will call security. I can't do that. You don't understand. My family's in danger. Think about what you would do if it were your family. I do understand. Well, here we are. So we have a deal? Well, we would, but there's just one problem. You don't have what I want anymore. But she does. She survived. You could call it that, but she's in a lot of pain. Information is like a thousand bees buzzing around inside her head trying to fight their way out. The writing. She's trying to get it out any way she can. Well, I can make it easier for her. It's all right, Jessi. The men aren't here to hurt you. Just remember what I promised you. Jessi, don't do this! I just want them to take it out of my head! Then go with these men. Everything will be fine. Jessi, wait! You can't let him have it. What could he possibly give you that would make you do this? So, now I have my own personal stalker. Did you plant a tracking chip on me when I was asleep? Hillary told me where you were. Look, I can't explain why, but it's not safe to be here. Madacorp is evil. I get it. Kyle gave us the "previously on" recap. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I wanted to. I hated lying to you, pretending that I didn't care... I forgive you. It's not that easy. I've learned that sometimes you have to let go of all the baggage that weighs you down. Which clearly you haven't. Why do you still have all this stuff? Never got around to tossing it. Exactly my point. Try it. It's the everything but mix you made. A remnant of the past. Let's move forward. Wow. You're right. That felt really good. Tickets to that concert we went to. Mr. Wafflebean. I won it for you at the carnival. You think this is a sign? I am thinking about my family, Stephen. Something that we both have in common. Stephen, it's me. I just checked on the kids, and they're fine, but I'm worried about you. Where are you? It's been over an hour. Please let me know you're all right. So, what are you thinking? More strawberry smoothies or hit the seafood tower again? I'm thinking we sneak inside. There's gotta be some cool stuff we can steal, or at least break. No, no, no! That's, like, a really bad idea. Okay, what's really going on? You've been acting weird all day. What aren't you telling me? Nothing. Spill it. Aw... you don't understand. I can't tell you. Can't or won't? Fine. If you wanna be the guy who keeps secrets from the girl who has cancer... I wanted to be a figure skater until I was ten. I used to have an O-town poster above my bed. You know those stupid letters that spell "Josh" on my door? I put them up, not my mom like I told you. I used to try on Lori's training bra, and one time I took a measuring tape and... Are you okay? You look a little... I guess I'm gonna be the one holding your hair. I'm sorry. They got to me before I could finish making the connection. It's almost like they were expecting something like this. They were. It was a trap. Is this what was in your head? It must be random pieces of it. When it was in my mind, it was like a compressed file. Like my brain compartmentalized it. Maybe Jessi's mind doesn't know how to handle it. Maybe the information wants out, and she's trying to release it. Why would Ballantine put Jessi in the chair to extract it if she's writing it all out? Because it would take her about 57 years to finish. Do you know what this is? There's symbols here I've never seen before. But based on my memories of what they were up to at Zzyzx, I can't let Madacorp get their hands on any of it. What's wrong? It's Jessi. I can sense her. How? I've always been able to. I just didn't realize how until a few days ago. It's like we're two wireless computers. But this is stronger. What do you mean, stronger? I think I can connect with her. From in here? The more intense Jessi's emotions, the more pronounced her brainwaves become. All right, Jessi, while we extract the data, we'll give you the memories of the life you always wanted. Jessi, welcome home. Dinner's almost ready. I made your favorites. Spaghetti with mushrooms. Thanks, mom. Data's coming through now. Jessi, would you mind setting the table for me? - Sure, mom. - Thanks. Don't do it. Don't give them the information. Get out of here! Leave me alone! Hey, Jess. You gotta check out this mix I made for you. I call it "songs to get felt up by declan to." Hey, Jessi, the food's gonna get cold. Unless Josh eats it all first. I won't let you take this away from me. This isn't real, it's an illusion. In other stories tonight, Police are still searching for clues that may shed light on the murder of a hunter that was found in the woods...</i> Hey, are we going to the Rack later? You can't escape from who you are. I don't like who I am. This life is no more real than the one they gave you with Emily. They can't make you a better person. Only you can do that. How? By choosing to be a better person. I never meant to do all those terrible things I did. I just wanted them to take it out of my head. I know. This was never supposed to be your burden. It was always mine. I can take the pain away... If you let me. What the hell's going on? - We've lost the data. It's gone. - Where'd it go? There was a giant energy surge in room 237. You want the information? You'll have to put me in the chair to get it. You can't do it. It's too big a risk. He's right. Kyle, listen to me. Why would I ever listen to you? Because if you don't, you'll destroy yourself. Don't resist. Give Ballantine whatever he wants. I can't do that. This isn't Zzyzx. They've taken precautions. They will not allow you to take over the system like you did before. If you try and fight the machine, it will fry your synapses. It'll turn that brilliant brain into charcoal. Think about everything that you're meant to do. Everything that Adam would have wanted you to do. Don't you dare mention his name. He's about to make the biggest mistake of his life. What's gonna happen to me? Don't worry about anything. It's fine. - Where are you taking me? - Jessi, everything's okay. Please. Go back the way we came. Take the elevator to the lobby, get the hell out of here. Go. All systems normal. Vitals look good. We're ready, sir. Begin the extraction. - My god, Jessi! You're okay. - They're coming! Oh, god. Jessi, where's Stephen? Where's Kyle? They have them. - I have to go back! - No! Please! - I have to help them. - you can't. It's too late. Jessi, is there anything you can do? No! Jessi, Kyle always believed in you. He risked everything trying to help you. Jessi! They're still in his active memories. Once we get past those, we can get to the information. Do it. Sir, he's on the verge of cardiac arrest. - Keep going. - You'll kill him. Get him out of here. Let's go. The harder I tried to hold out against the chair,</i> the more I began to fear that the chair was winning.</i> Go to maximum power. Jessi... And it threatened to take everything I held dear.</i> What are you doing here? Choosing to be a better person. This is it. Are you ready? I'm ready. Let's end this. There's some kind of power surge. Do not do this, Kyle. Did it work? I don't know how, but I think you did it. Jessi! Kyle? Why is it so dark? We caused a blackout. The city's been dark for hours. You brought me here? Shh. Just rest for now. It takes a lot out of you. You seem to be okay. I've had more practice... And definitely more training. But don't worry. We'll work on that. You know, I couldn't have done it without you today. Ballantine will never know how close he came to getting what's in my head. He'd broken through, but you saved me in the nick of time. You did a good thing. It was nice to do something good for a change. What's gonna happen to me? Nicole's looking for a foster-care placement. I'm sure she'll find you a good home. A real one this time. She's been so kind. After everything I've done, you all keep helping me. I'm happy to do it. Do you think I'll ever be happy? She looks happy. That's not me. I think it could be you some day. I'm so sorry for what's happened. All the feelings I had for you, and what I did at the dam. Madacorp was responsible. None of it was your fault. That's not who you really are. You're free. And so are you. So everything that was inside my head, it's gone? Not gone, just in a safe place. The city traced the blackout back to Madacorp. Seattle's blackout is now our biggest public relations nightmare. I've been contacted by the board. Apparently, Brian Taylor's connections Go a lot higher than I anticipated. You already know this. What I didn't know Is that you were doing everything without Madacorp's knowledge. One thing I learned in Iraq, you can only fly under the radar for so long. Am I to take it, Ms. Hollander, that you won't be resigning after all? I've decided to stick around. You're too soft. You take things personally. You don't have the constitution for my job. I think you might be surprised with what I can accomplish. This is all Baylin's stuff. He'll be back for it. Is he gonna be okay? One day, yeah. You're leaving, aren't you? You think I don't need you anymore. Your family will watch over you, and they'll help you with your training. I don't want to do it without you. Well, you might not want to, but... you can. Where will you go? I'll be around. That's everything. Do you remember what you told me the night that you brought me back here? When I thanked you for everything you'd done for me? I told you to be worth it. That's what kept me going through all this. With what you've lost in your life, you still gave everything so that I could have mine. I'm gonna work as hard as I can every day so that I can be worth it for you. You already are. I guess the lights aren't back on in your neighborhood either. Yeah. Citywide blackout strikes just as you and I are about to take a trip down route sixty-slut. Someone's trying to give us a sign. Not very subtle. I'd say there was someone out there who did not want me to de-revirginize you. You know about that? Are you kidding? None of the guys at school have been able to get any since revirginization started sweeping the nation. You know, the whole purpose of that was so that I wouldn't let "boy drama" run my life anymore. How'd that go? So it took a little while to kick in. But I've had more fun with you today than I've had all year, And I think it's because... I'm finally comfortable with where we are. Which is? Friends. Friends. - Without benefits. - Brutal. But I think we should make a pact. If neither of us have met anyone else by prom, We can finish what we started in the car today. - Yeah? - Totally. I think I'll take you up on that. Please. You'll have 20 bubbleheads lined up by tomorrow. I don't know about that. They all have the same thing working against them. What's that? None of them are you. Later, Trager. Bye. You're here. I thought you'd be in new york by now. Me, too. My flight was already delayed for hours, and then this crazy blackout happened, and they cancelled it. So I'm flying out tomorrow. Which means I don't have to leave without saying good-bye. So it looks like the blackout was pretty lucky, huh? I guess you could say that. Amanda, I need to talk to you about Jessi. Do you have feelings for her? No. That's all I need to know. I know how much you care about me. I see it all over your face. Is it one of my "Amanda" looks? You have "Amanda" looks? Three or four of them, apparently. The semester will be over before you know it. Four months isn't that long. 172,880 minutes. I'll call. And text. And e-mail. I will, too. And I'll come back to you. You promise? Promise. Then I know it will happen. I'm sorry, sir. Visiting hours are over. Only family members after hours. I'm her father. Hello, Jessi. How are you feeling? I heard what you said. How could you be my father? It's time you learned the truth about who you really are. Um, that's... that's not me. She looks like me. You know who she is. I'll tell you about her if you like. How do you know her? I was there. I'm the one who took the picture. Her name was Sara. I don't think we've had a candlelit dinner since before the kids were born. It's nice to get back to basics. Can I help? Yeah. You can light the candles. Lori, would you come help me in the kitchen for a minute? So how are you feeling? Fine. Hey, guys. I know how hard it must have been to keep my secret. Thank you. Don't thank me. I barely managed to make it through one day. I guess we'll just have to take it one day at a time, then. When I was in the chair, all I could think about</i> was losing my memories of the Tragers, memories like the one we were making right now.</i> I didn't know what lay ahead for me, but I knew that I would never