All we have to do is protect the secret. Everything Kyle told us, outside of the family, we can't talk about. Fine, if you wanna be the guy who keeps secrets from the girl who has cancer... I hated lying to you, pretending that I didn't care... I forgive you. That ring that you wear around your neck, the box you found at Baylin's, it all originated from Latnok. They have Baylin's best interests, and mine... and yours. I make things happen. I made lights explode. I shattered a skylight. You did? How did we do that? What's the trick? Once you teach your mind to alter the positive and negative polarity of the cells in your body... - The glass will move. - Not the glass. The water inside it. She looks happy. That's not me. I think it could be you someday. How could you be my father? It's time you learned the truth about who you really are. Kyle's very special, but you already know that. All he's ever wanted was to be a part of your family. To Kyle, this is home. A new day. The future full of promise. Now that my family knew all of my secrets, I felt free, like I could do anything. Even while facing the future, I knew there were some lessons from the past worth remembering. As Adam taught me, I was able to manipulate the polarity of the cells in my body, using my own water content against the water on the ground, like two magnets fighting to come together. Kyle? Beautiful day. I spoke to Amanda yesterday. She's doing great. Yes. Yes, she is. Have a nice day. Mrs. Bloom thinks I can levitate. - Can you? - Not exactly. I was trying to do something Adam taught me, and I think she saw. You have to be careful, even in our backyard. Especially with a neighbor like Carol Bloom. We have bigger problems than Mrs. Bloom. Jessi starts back at school today. Well, just take the high road. Do your best to avoid her. Have you spoken to her since she moved in with Taylor? No. I still don't believe he's her father. She doesn't have a real father. She's another pod child like you. Genetically, she does match Taylor. Yeah, but there are ways to fix paternity tests. We know that from the Petersons. Well, until we can prove otherwise, I'm afraid we can't take any action. Is it really any of our business? Well, I want to be sure she's in the right situation. And living with Brian Taylor isn't. He lied when he brought Kyle back to us. He was involved with Ballantine at Madacorp. I know you're concerned about Jessi, and if she needs our help, we're here. But this family needs to focus on what's ahead. Agreed? Agreed. So what the hell are we supposed to talk about? Sous-titre VO ::: www.shooter.cn modifié pour www.forom.com</b> Traduction ::: La Team XY : Sechs, Jayson.sosweet et MiniBen314 vous présentent</b> Kyle XY 2x14 - To C.I.R. With Love</b> Career days? Second best thing to summer break. Why? Half days of school, dude. Free ride on the party express. We're supposed to be browsing the career booths contemplating our futures. What's to contemplate? Self-made millionaire. Homeless street musician. Global superhero. Let's waste some time! He's right. These things are a waste of space. Why does Madacorp have a booth here? Don't worry. They do every year. What the hell is Hillary doing? Coming at you from Beachwood's annual career fair, I'm Hillary, and I'm fabulous. Hello, fabulous friends! I thought that TV reality show rejected you already. Oh, reality TV is so five minutes ago. I'm on a new path. Sexy high school correspondent. I'm gonna be the "queen of fabulous." Do they have a booth for that? When did he get funny? Think about it. Paris, Nicole, the "lonely15" chickie. They're all famous because they're hot and visible. It's not that hard. That is both valid and delusional all at the the same time. A few video blogs in the school's web site, and I'll be on my way to world-wide notoriety. Did you hear that? It's "party thirty." Preston hid a few of his treats inside his gym locker. Now that is fabulous. - Kyle, are you coming? - Oh, no. Remember the puker from Declan's party? This guy. Eww! Then none for you, little cupcake. Bye! Lori was right. I could do whatever I wanted. Engineering. Architecture. Medicine. I had spent my life figuring out who I was, and now was my chance to figure out who I could become. So what's a hottie like you doing in a place like this? Is that what counts for a pick-up line on your planet? Only for girls with pink hair. I shudder to think what the redheads get. What do you think? I think you should wait to see if you actually lose your hair before you start wearing a wig. Meanwhile, let's bust out of here. And? Lock ourselves in the bathroom and play G-force. Nah. When have you ever turned down an opportunity to kick my ass? I wanna take a look around. You mean, like, job search? Why so skeptical? It would be just my luck to blow off the career fair, get cured of cancer, and be totally unprepared for my future. Okay. Is there something wrong with me believing I'll live to see my first crappy adult job? - Nope. - You hate the wig, don't you? - Hate it. - And you think I'm ugly. You're ugly, and you're disease-ridden. I never want to touch you again. You're totally getting the hang of me. It's our thing, remember? Mr. Trager, leaving so soon? I was just going to the bathroom. Of course you were. Why am I not surprised that this fair holds no interest for you? Stephen! wait! I didn't expect to see you here. Just grabbing a few of my things. Could you just give me a minute? I know what happened with Ballantine was horrible, but his agenda was his own, not Madacorp's. And you were just following orders. The point is he's gone, and I'm the one giving orders now. Congratulations. Can we just put our personal differences aside and remember that Madacorp is, and always has been, a great company. We're making huge strides. State-of-the-art in every department. And I want you to stay and continue to contribute. I'll give you greater creative freedom, increase your support team and your salary. You'll do very well at this job. What we offer here you won't find anywhere else. I'm counting on that. Are you interested in architecture? This structure won't support 40 units. Try to move the foundation beams to the center to offset the weight distribution. How the hell did you see that? I read a lot. - Hey. - Glad to be back? Sort of. How are things going with Taylor? I know you don't trust him, but he's taking good care of me. He told me all about the girl in the picture, Sara. She was part of the original experiment, just like Adam. Adam said he was the only one. Not according to Brian. He said he created me from Sara's genetic material after she died based on Adam's experiments. Why didn't he mention her? I don't know. Maybe you can ask him someday. You didn't mention anything to Taylor about Adam being alive, did you? No. You told me not to. - I know, but... - I'm different now. You made me different. If I make you a promise, I'm going to keep it. Okay. Are you as bored as I am? No. Actually, there's a neurology booth that looked really interesting. - Kyle. - What? I don't wanna spend the entire day thinking about what I'm gonna do 20 years from now. Well, what do you want to do? Just get out of here for a bit. Wanna come with? Come on. My first day back, and I'm already suffocating. You didn't exactly get a right start the first time around. But it's a new beginning. I think you'll learn to like it here. Well, everything we need to know, we can learn on our own. Not everything. They definitely can't teach us to do the special things we can do. Have you busted any skylights lately? Haven't felt the urge. Exploded any lights? Been there, done that. There's so much more we can try. I mean, don't you ever feel like just busting out and doing something amazing ever now and then? I kind of did this morning. What'd you do? I sort of levitated. - Really? - Only slightly. I don't care. Show me how. I will. But we can't start with that. You have to work your way up to it. No, I don't wanna work on anything. I just wanna do something now. There's not much we can do up here. We should get back. What, to the fascinating career fair? You never know. Something might inspire you. Fine. Amanda, hi, it's me. Sorry I missed you, but I've been thinking about you, and I wanted to call... Uh... I'll call you later. - Fabulousness confirmed. - Excuse me? Hello! My newest video blog is on the school's web site, and it already has over 500 hits. Wow. That's a big jump from the six who saw your last one. I know, right? At this rate, I'll be youtubed by dinner. Shoo shoo! Let the star see her work. Until next time, I'm Hillary, and I'm fabulous. Who is that ruining my shot? Please tell me you're not joining the wrestling team. You don't exactly have the body to fill out those little outfits. It's a punishment for blowing off the career fair, courtesy of our friendly neighborhood principal. Why do you continually do this to yourself? Cause it's the one thing I'm really good at? - Josh. - What? Hooper's right. I am lazy. My work ethic does suck, and I really don't care about school. Don't expect me to ride shotgun on your "woe is me" interstate. You're smart, and you know it. So get off your ass and start making something of yourself. I could always follow in Hillary's footsteps and film myself in a low-cut halter top. She's got a little more than her d-cup working for her. She's got "the mystery jumper." The who? Some video trick. It looks like someone's jumping off the roof. What makes you so sure it's a trick? Do you know anyone who can actually jump off a roof? Hard to believe I'm being responsible, but how are we supposed to keep your secret if she's out there leaping tall buildings in a single whatever. I know it wasn't a smart thing to do, but I don't think anyone could tell it was her. I ran a hyper-zoom processor on it, and I couldn't make out a face, just a female form. Just how I like it. What? I'm on empty, dude. I've already told Andy all my secrets. If she finds out I'm hiding something, she'll kill me. I'll talk to Jessi. * Hi, Jessi. Everybody's talking about me. They're talking about "the mystery jumper" there's a difference. What should I do for my next trick? How about nothing? Why not? It's fun. No one knows it's me. No one knows yet. Would it be so bad if they did? I did something this morning that someone saw. And by this afternoon, she had told three friends. And if those three friends tell three more, by this weekend, I'll have half of Seattle in my backyard waiting for me to do something extraordinary. What's so wrong with that? Because then I won't be able to relax in my backyard. I won't be able to enjoy a quiet breakfast with my family or a walk in the park with Amanda. I wanna figure out what I'm gonna do with my life without people watching me, always waiting to see what I might do. At least people would notice you. Jessi, life shouldn't be about getting noticed. Look around. That girl over there tosses her hair every time a new guy walks into the room. And those guys? They're pretending to read magazines. But really they're waiting to see if the girl wiping the counter is looking at them. And the girl wiping the counter is wearing a shirt that's two sizes too small so that the magazine guys will watch her. Hillary's decided to make a career out of being fabulous because girls that look just like her are on most of the covers of the magazines they sell here. So do you really think that life isn't about getting noticed? Just please, Jessi. For me. No more tricks, okay? Promise? I promise. This message goes out to whoever faked that jump. You're nothing but a circus act. A one-hit wonder. By tomorrow, you'll be forgotten, and I'll still be here. Because I'm Hillary, and I'm fabulous. We've got a problem. Jessi was caught on video today jumping off the school roof. Off the roof? Yeah. The whole school's trying to figure out how it was done. - Which one is it? - What do you mean, which? Well, they are two. The last one was posted an hour ago. When lounging by the pool this spring, it's important for guys to know that board shorts are nothing more than manly. Did she just... Can you do that? Probably. She has to quit showing off. The whole world will wanna know about her. I don't think Jessi would mind that. But if they know about her, eventually, they'll know the truth about you. It should be your choice if and when you want that to happen. I don't. Not yet. What are we gonna do? Hey, look, it's her! She's the mystery jumper! Jessi. Jessi, you gotta tell me. How'd you pull off your last stunt? Stunt? I studied the footage, and there's, like, here's no cables or wires. Did you do something cgi? No, I just...did it. You ran across water? I'm not believing that so much, but whatever, I'm totally hooked. So, our terms are set. First base, no tongue, to whoever figures out how the magician did her tricks. Is there any possibility for... second base? Dazzle me and we'll see. I don't think you should do this. I'm not really gonna actually let any of them feel me up. I mean give so much attention to Jessi. She's a hot story right now. And if I cover it, it puts the spotlight were it belongs. Back on me. How do you think she actually did it? Maybe the better angle is why she did it. Well, that's obvious. I mean, everyone's dying for their 15 minutes. You know, fame. I'm not. Please. You just need a gimmick. Figure out what makes you special. How are you different from everyone else? I'll work on that. Mr. Taylor. Mrs. Trager, I'm surprised to see you here. I'm surprised to be here. Is there a problem? I'm concerned about Jessi. Really? what's your concern? Well, first of all, I don't know what your interest is in her. Well, she's my daughter. Scientifically, perhaps, but there's a lot more to parenting than DNA. And based on her recent behavior, you haven't quite gotten a handle on it. I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about. She's been getting herself filmed doing things no person should be able to do. It's on the school web site, the school blog. You didn't know? No. If that gets out, you'll have reporters and photographers, and whoever else wants to analyze Jessi, showing up at your door. It's only a matter of time before that kind of circus leads to Kyle. I don't want that for him. I don't want that for Jessi either. Look, you can't know every little thing your kids are doing. vou can't be with them 24 hours a day. But you can hold them accountable for their actions. If you really are Jessi's father, start acting like it. There he is! Hey! Hey! Hey! Excuse me. You know that area you caught yesterday? That saved my firm 10 mil in construction costs. Glad I could help. No, my boss would love to have a sit-down with you. - A sit-down? - Yeah. Have you ever considered engineering? I need to learn more about it. Look no further. Back off, folks. I got first dibs. Forget them. here's your future. How to become a doctor. A doctor? Why? Hello? So you can save Andy. Josh... With your mind, maybe you could find a cure for cancer. I am definitely interested in medicine. Excellent. And arts and physics and carpentry. Carpentry? You wanna waste your smarts on lumber? I think if you wanna help Andy, you should become a doctor. No offense, dude. That's the stupidest thing you've ever said. Our brains are the same size. I just use more of mine. But it's so easy for you. I barely passed science. I'll help you. I'll take a Madacorp brochure. Hi. Start with oncology. On...what-ogy? Why are you here? Madacorp's always looking for students with potential. And what do you know? I just found one. I don't want anything to do with Madacorp. - Emily? - Jessi. I was hoping I'd see you here today. I don't know if it'll mean much, but for what it's worth, I wanted to say I'm sorry. And I wanna make it up to you. How? Work with me, and I'll make sure that you're appreciated. People all over the world will be fascinated by your gifts. You'd be respected and admired. I mean, the possibilities are just so exciting. We should sit down and go through them all. - I'd love to. - No. Why not? We need to talk. You know where to find me. How could you get involved with Emily after everything she did? You're just angry about the video. You promised me you wouldn't do anything. I don't wanna hide who I am. Who you are should be about your character, Jessi, not about impressing people with the things you can do. Don't tell me what do do anymore. I'm just asking you to be careful. I'll do what I want, and I'll be who I want. You're right. You do what's best for you... And I'll do the same. Endless possibilities. That's what scares me. Kyle, you'll excel at anything you set your mind to. You just have to choose what interests you. It all interests me, that the problem. Maybe you're not destined to do just one thing. Look at Baylin. He was a scientist, an inventor, philosopher, writer. I wonder if he had a nosy neighbor and an uncontrollable friend. I'm sure he had his own set of problems. Am I wrong, judging Jessi for what she's doing? Is it wrong for me to wanna keep this whole life to myself? I guess that depends on your reasons for wanting to hide it. I was watching this science documentary with Josh. Josh watched a documentary? It was hosted by one of those naked magazine rabbits. Bunnies. Okay, go on. Anyway, they kept a rat in a cage, and the scientists kept running tests and taking its blood and monitoring every move that it made. And you don't want that to happen to you. But then again, the tests they ran on the rat helped them get closer to finding answers. The rat didn't have a choice in the matter, so why should I? I mean, I know there's people who don't approve of using the rat in the first place, but... Kyle, you're a teenaged boy. No one should be allowed to take your life away from you before you've had a chance to live it. But why is my life more important than the rats? Because you're the kind of person who thinks to ask that question. There should be laws against people like her. Pretty in the face, dark in the soul. Please! She's not that pretty. Okay, she's kinda pretty. Here she comes. Try not to drool. - Hey, guys. - Hey. So you made some new friends. Oh, yeah. Isn't it great? Are you going to Preston's party this weekend? Or didn't you know? I haven't really seen him, so... I can't imagine he wouldn't invite you. Whatever. Preston's parties are so yesterday. Really? I heard they were... "a-list" only. Well, see ya. She totally grossed you. "are you going to Preston's party this weekend?" That's my line. I saw the tapes. And you're right. I don't know how to handle her. I know what you must think of me, but... I wanted to show you that I've come here in good faith. Where did you get this? The day you sold it at the pawn shop, I went and bought it back. I needed to keep it safe until you realized its importance. It's a Latnok ring. That's the symbol. But if this is the ring that Adam gave me... Whose ring is this? That's Ballantine's father's. He was a member as well. All the members received rings. It was a way of identifying one another and the location of their safe house. And you're a Latnok? Yes. I know that you think that I'm a bad guy, and I cannot deny that I've made some questionable decisions that may not have been in your best interest. But right now, my main concern is Jessi's behavior. You don't know anything about her. How would you describe Adam Baylin? Warm. Brilliant. Caring. Do you use those words to describe Kyle? Absolutely. See, Adam came by all of that just naturally. He had the kind of soul that people just instantly connected with. Sara, she was different. And Sara was... Jessi's mother. She was beautiful and brilliant and... Stubborn, impetuous, and volatile. Does it remind you of anybody that you know? You don't have to like me. But please, don't abandon Jessi. She deserves better. As did Sara. Illicit partying, daytime rebellion, Fabulousness uncensored... Hey! aren't you in enough trouble? I've cleaned 87 gym mats. I'm already in hell. Why stop now? Where's Andy? She's chosen this week to be responsible. Responsible during career days? She's a rebel, what can I tell you? Declan finally got that ankle of his fixed, huh? Well, well, well. Look at who the arthroscopic cat dragged in. Nice. make fun of a disabled person. You hurt yourself fleeing from a villainous mega-corporation. It's not exactly Helen Keller material. You could feel sorry for me losing a basketball scholarship. I've seen your house. Cry me a river, rich boy. All right. I hobbled my post-surgical self up here. What's the occasion? Well, everyone's all aflutter over Jessi, the mystery jumper. Hence roof party. We're celebrating the fact that Jessi's a maladjusted attention seeker? No, we're just using it as an excuse to get out of career days. I'm all for an excuse to avoid the future, but are we doing about Jessi? Kyle's adopted a hands-off policy. He thinks she'll learn her lesson on her own. I hope he's right. I've got the battle scars from keeping his identity a secret. I'm not gonna be so psyched if jessi's stunts start making headlines. Hey, there's the mystery jumper. Oh, great. It's Jessi! Ready to wow us with another trick? I don't do tricks. Come on. Here's your chance. Show everyone what you can do. Don't encourage her. She's a poser. I'm not a poser. Right! Sorry. You're a superhero... in schoolgirl's clothing. Don't make fun of me. Hils, give it a rest. Why are you sticking up for me? You don't even like me. - Gee, I wonder why. - Trager! Now, let's hear all the dirty laundry. You can't be an attention whore and protect your privacy. Batgirl over here was the one who beat up Lori. That... that wasn't me. The hell it wasn't! No, I mean... I'm not like that anymore. Of course not, because now you're the "mystery jumper." I did jump. - Total illusion. - Hils, stop. Lori, she hurt you. And now I'm gonna expose her for who she really is. I really don't think that's... Fine. I'll do it. This is not gonna end well. Bad idea, Jessi. Why? Everybody wants to see how I did it. I'll show you. No tricks, no wires. Get Kyle up here now. Jessi, don't do it. I've done it before. Don't worry about it. You getting this? - We're rolling. - Right, then. Wait. What are you doing? I'm jumping, too. Kyle, go away! I wanna show them ho easy it is. - It isn't. - You can do it. Because I'm special. How special are you if I can do it, too? Fine. Do it with me. I'm gonna jump, too. - What? - You can't. I'll beat you down there. No. It's unsafe. You'll get hurt, then stop. I know how to do this. You're ruining it. Back off and let me go. Kyle... This is Jessi's moment. Thought so! You got all that, didn't you? Every last humiliating bit. I guess she did need all the ropes and wires. Another fraud exposed. How'd you do it? Do what? She jumped. The only way out was down. But she didn't fall. I saw your face. I know you did something. The human body is more than 50% water. And? That's it. I don't get it. Study up on your science. You'll figure it out. Hi. Hi. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you look bad in front of everyone. They all laughed at me. I didn't want you to jump. I didn't want to jump either. So why did you? I felt like I was losing their approval. And... I didn't want to go back to how I was before. What were you before? Invisible. Jessi, you were never invisible to me. Because you know my secret. You know that I'm special. Yes... You are. You're smart... And adventurous and creative. And you don't need to do tricks for people to see that. And what if I don't even see it? If there's one thing I've learned about life, from being here at this school and with my family, it's that the people with the most to offer usually believe in themselves the least. You don't. Cause I have people that believe in me. So will you if you let them. You gotta give it to her. Career days a lot more interesting with Jessi around. I still vote for shoving her back into the pod. Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! What's up with you? The woman over there from the local cable station? She saw my blog. She said I pop on camera! And she offered me an internship. Hillary, that is fabulous! Now there'll be no living with you. Back to basics, huh? Enjoy it while it lasts. I do. I thought I made it clear that this fair is intended only for those students who are serious about their future. - Do you know what? - I got this. I am serious, Mr. Hooper. Maybe you're right about me. Maybe I am lazy, and I lack study skills, but I've changed, and I'm gonna do something important with my life and make a difference. Well, that's all I wanted to hear. That's some serious gumption. Is that a good thing? What got into to? I made the decision. I chose a career. And? Call me Dr. Trager. Really? Yeah. I wanna be the one to save you. Josh, you realize you're looking at, like, ten more years of school before you actually become a doctor. Then I guess you're gonna have to stick around for quite a while. The future was still wide open, and my choices still seemed limitless. I knew that someday I might need to use my abilities more openly, as I had done to help Jessi, and that my gifts might invite attention. But for now, I just felt lucky and content, because I could let my gifts evolve while I enjoyed the comfort of my home and family. Oh, hi, Mrs. Bloom. Another beautiful day. Isn't it? No worries. Decide to call it a night? I'm pretty tired. So how was school today? It turned out okay. You learn anything interesting? I learned the most important thing is to be myself. That's, uh... That's a good lesson. Sleep well. Jessi. I'm glad you're here. See you in the morning.