Now, with cobbler. And I didn't have to worry about my list 'cause my friends were doing it for me,</i> hoping Karma would help me get better. Wasn't always easy. Especially for Randy. So, when it was his turn to pick, he decided to do a list item</i> at the one place he was sure he knew how to get to.</i> Hi, Mom. Me and Joy are here to make up for the time Earl ruined Dad's vacation, so we can cross it off the list and wake Earl up out of his coma. Earl's in a coma? Carl, Earl's in a coma! I'm getting my purse. - What happened? - He got hit by a car a month ago. - Come on! He's in a coma. - A month ago? And you didn't think to mention that when you were here for lunch last week? I got distracted, okay? How did he got hit by a car? He was running in the street, after his intervention. Intervention for what? Don't worry. He was not on drugs. He was just acting crazy after prison. Earl was in prison? I'm going to have to revise my Christmas letter. NO HEADS AND A DUFFEL BAG Oh, for goodness sake. They've got him hooked up to so many machines. Why is he wearing a "Do not resuscitate" bracelet? That was my idea. Figured if they 'suscitate him once and it didn't work, they shouldn't do it again. Please, don't tell me you're the one making all the decisions about Earl. Yes, he is. Last week, he demanded they remove Earl's tonsils. In my defense, I was pretty drunk. You need to take me to see Earl's doctor right now. Well, if he wakes up while I'm gone, first thing you should do is to tell him there's a tube in his wiener so he doesn't freak. I'll be in the cafeteria. So... Randy told me that you got the time you guys ruined my vacation on your list. That was one messed up day. Ever since my parents made me on their honeymoon,</i> my dad had been scared to death to go on another vacation.</i> But, Mom finally convinced him she wasn't fertile anymore. "American Samoa. "Come see why the Japanese wanted it." Sounds nice. Yeah, I thought house-sitting would be a wonderful opportunity to show what responsible adults you become. Or you can break my heart again... It's up to you. I'll miss you both. Especially if your plane goes done. I don't know if I'd miss you more, but I'd miss you longer. You just say whatever you think, don't you? Come on, Kay, they can't disappoint us if we don't leave. As soon as my parents left, me and Randy decided to hit the liquor cabinet.</i> It's gone. It's all gone. This isn't a liquor cabinet anymore. - It's just a cabinet. - Vacation time. Let's get our drink on. Ticktock, Booze o'clock. Where are the boys? You were picking them up so they could play at their grandparents'house. Their other grandparents. I don't like 'em spending time in two story houses. They'll get all snooty and start thinking about college and vaccins. We decided to go on a beer run since there was no way Joy was going to do me in my parents' bed sober.</i> I think Paula makes good points. Simon had seemed like he's high all the time. I've never seen it. But Randy likes that guy Randy the best, 'cause he's got Randy's name. Makes sense. That's why I buy Joy dishwasher liquid. It's a good conversation piece. Spare change? This is what I've learned. They call it a "six pack" 'cause there's six beers in it. It has nothin' to do with people's tummies. That's my bag! Come on! When we got home, we were surprised to find the duffle bag</i> but even more surprised by what was in it.</i> Sweet mother! Look at all that pot! I was hoping for money. Or socks, I need socks. If it was money, I could have bought socks. So what do we do with it? We're not going to smoke it. Smoking weed kills your brain cells. Drinking only screws up your liver. You got two of those. Yeah, I don't understand weed. When you smoke, you get the munchies and you get fat. When you drink, you throw up and you get skinny. That's just physics. How the hell did all this weed get at the back of the car? Probably felt from the sky. Sometimes surprises fall from there. Remember that giant blue popsicle without a stick that landed on my head? It was disgusting. My Aunt Sheila used to get high as a kite when babysat me. It was fun until she convinced herself she really was a kite. I'd have to stand outside for hours holding her by a string. Do you think your Aunt Sheila would want to buy a bag full of weed? No, she's way in the crack now. Then we'll have to go buy baggies and get rid of it a little at a time. But this is a one-time thing. We'll only sell it to bad people. No women. No children. I think Mom would be really proud of us right now. Joy, make sure to get flavored vodka. I like it when my throw up tastes like cherry. Flavored vodka is for sissies and pregnant women. You'll get what you'll get. The thing is such a piece of junk. I thought it was abandoned. Wait a minute. So, with the boozes and the plastic bags and the chips, that will be $182.61. Oh, my... I seem to have brought the wrong purse. All I have is... Hello! Can't take a clump of pot for grocers anymore. Need to get a Democrat back in office. Get in the back! You don't know me! You don't tell me what... Scoot over, dumb-dumb. The thing we learned about finding a duffle bag full of marijuana is that</i> the original owners usually aren't too worried</i> about carrying unregistered handguns.</i> Mom? Dad? What are you doing here? Our flight got delayed five hours. Which apparently was enough time for you to turn my house into a drug den. Well, this trust exercise went horribly wrong. I can't believe you brought dope in the house. And, you put it on your dead grandmother's coffee table. That stuff is addictive and it fosters antisocial behavior. I'll be in the bedroom. Leave me alone. But, Dad, where's the weed? Your father destroyed it. What? You destroyed my weed? He destroyed my weed. Oh, God, I don't want to die in shorts. Just take it easy. We can... pay you back. I don't need money. This was gonna be my first big delivery. I was trying to prove I could be middle-management material. I'm gonna have to kill you, which could... skyrocket me to upper-management, and I'm not ready for that kind of responsibility. Relax. I didn't really destroy the weed. I just told my wife I burned it to calm her down. I actually... threw it in a well. So, if you just come with me... Yeah, right, so you can push me down the well or something? I don't think so. How about this: keep some of us here as insurance and me and my dad will go get the weed. - And me. - And Randy. - And me. - And Joy. And we'll get my mother too. No. This is how we're going to work it. OK, you guys go. The women stay here. Shotgun. While we went to get the weed, the pot dealer held Mom and Joy hostage.</i> There's still a well at the park? I thought the city had it cemented over when Randy fell in trying to hug his twin brother at the bottom. That was awesome. I got my picture in the paper. Except that stupid fireman's hat blocked my face. I hate that guy. The pot is not in the well. Your mother was telling the truth. I destroyed it. Stay away, Joe! Toxic! Stand back! I can't believe you destroyed it! What were you thinking? What was I thinking? You brought drugs into my house! I am the weekend captain of our neighborhood watch, for crying out loud! The bag ended up in my car. What was I supposed to do, leave it in the driveway? Kids could have got into it. Or birds. You want a bunch of high birds flying around? You know what? I don't care what you do. I give up on you. Randy, you I still have hope for. You always said you loved us both equal. That's just something parents say. People don't hug enough. Look what you did. There was only one person I knew who I thought might be able to help me undo what I did.</i> We need something. - You need weed. - How'd you know? That's what's going on when white people walk up to me and start whispering. White people are nuts. We need enough to fill a duffle bag about yea big. And make it fast. - Aren't you neighborhood watching? - I'm not buying for me. I don't smoke drugs. Drugs were a touchy topic with my dad, especially after he had a bad experience with them at Woodstock.</i> - Hey, off the blanket! - Easy, man. I've got a problem... I've got a problem with my hair! - I'm having trouble understanding it. - What are you talking about? A nice naked hippie couple gave me some brownies. Kay, I told you not to take food from hippies. Why can't we feel out here? I need some scissors! I need to cut off my dead skull carpet! Kay, Sha Na Na is about to go on! Sorry about my dad. He's a little on edge. He might miss his vacation and a drug dealer is holding my mom hostage. Say no more. We've all been there. What kind are you looking for? I don't know a brand name. I burned it all in the trash can. Mendocino Greeno. Reminds me of a trip to Six Flags I'm sure I've enjoyed but I have no memory of. You can help us? You'll need to go see a guy named Circus at the Palm Motel. Room 231. Probably run you about... 2,000 crabs. That's dollars. I'm trying to get it to catch on, but I can tell from your faces you're not going to be early adopters. While we were off trying to buy a duffle bag of weed,</i> Joy was trying to keep her mouth shut. Which, of course, was impossible. Oh, snap! Snap what? I know you! You're that boy from school who had those panic attacks. You'd have to lay on the floor and suck your fingers. We used to call you Forefinger Sucker. I wasn't the only one in high school with a nickname that ended in "sucker". But, unlike you, my nickname just made me more popular, Forefinger Sucker. Say it again. Forefinger Sucker. No, if I take the tape off, you're just going to call me Forefinger Sucker again. Forefinger Sucker! All the stress was really getting to Dwayne,</i> so he snuck off to my parents' bathroom</i> to suck on his fingers and... something even worse. My parents had smoke alarms, but unlucky for my mom, they weren't mounted on her face.</i> And while Mom was checking out, Dad was dropping in.</i> Is Kay all right? She's fine. You are my hero. Thank God you came, 'cause my legs are starting to cramp and my tongue is... - Come on. Let's go. - Is he after you? No. Our flight leaves in two hours. But we still got to stop by the bank and cash these savings bonds. I'm sorry you have to cash in your bonds. They're not mine. Your relatives gave them to you for college. So when Harvard finally comes calling, you're screwed. Hold on, you always said these were copies of my birth certificate. Because I knew you'd steal them. But they're my money. You've been keeping it. Who's the criminal? I've been saving them until I thought you were responsible enough. Obviously that's failed, because we're using them to buy a duffle bag of marijuana. Now let's go. - Do I have any savings bonds? - You have a couple. Most of the relatives took 'em back when mom brought you home, and you still weren't responding to light or sound. After a quick stop at the bank, we went to buy drugs in the very motel room</i> me and Randy will eventually call "home".</i> - We're here to buy pot. - You're not supposed to say it. No, it's okay. Your honesty is refreshing. Follow me. I'll get Circus. Dibs. Oh, look. Our next stop on our tour of lowlifes. Randy, you keep following your idiot brother you're going to end up living together in a dump like this. How could we both live here? - There's only one bed, we're two guys. - Give us some credit. We're not going to end up in a motel. Don't talk to me. I've already given up on you. What do you want? I'm trying to shave the kangaroo. Two weedheads and a narc are here to see you. Lick that shaving cream off, I'm gonna put pepper in your pouch again. What's up people that are not wearing their Speedos? Darnell sent us. We need to make a purchase. Ah, certainly. Now I recognize you two. You're that guy with that tight little blond with the variety pack kids. I'm just, like, wondering about... this old dude. Don't call me "Dude." Easy Lebowski. I just need to do a security check, to make sure, like, you're not wearing a wire. Saint Christopher, Holy patron of travelers, protect me and lead me safely to my destination. I think he likes you. What is Cairo? What is Paris? What is Spain? What is Europe? The correct response is "What are pies?" I knew that! Look what Mr. Scissors did. What the hell are you doing, lady? I'm getting rid of my hair. It's dead. It's all dead. It just sits there, doing nothing. It's loitering. I'm so hungry, I could kill a child. Okay, you're freaking me out, Ma'am. Way to go, Forefinger Sucker. She got a contact high from the doobie smoking. Now she's tripping. What the hell am I supposed to do? He's clean. That was long and uncomfortable. Have a seat, gentleman. Help yourself to some cashews. What are you here to purchase? We'd like a duffel-bag's worth of <i>Mendecino Greeno</i>, please. Excellent choice. That's our flight taking off. Our vacation's officially ruined. And I learned how to say "thank you" in Samoan for nothing. Fa'afetai, Earl. Fa'afetai very much. I think you're gonna like this crop. It goes great with marshmallows or those little crackers that are shaped like fishes. So, have a try before you buy, huh? Just a little taste. You know, Mr. Circus, as generous an offer as it is, we're gonna pass on the taste. Whoa, Paps. You might not be wearing a wire, but that right there, that was a cop move. He... he's not a cop. Look, he tucks his shirt into his underwear. What kind of cop would do that? Drop your shorts, Dad. Show him the tuck. So you're gonna take a hit of this or Clayton's gun, and Clayton's not afraid to shoot someone, isn't it? Really, Clayton? You could have just said yes. I was just trying to scare to him. Hit the bong, dude. Me and my dad weren't close, but I knew a few things about him.</i> He hated violence, people with unclear sexuality, exotic animals kept in small spaces,</i> and most of all, drugs. And now, I drag right in the middle of it.</i> Come on, Scoutmaster, fire it up. Alright, then. I guess I've got no choice. Bravo! I did not see that coming from the old guy. Although, I do believe you owe me a new Clayton. I don't owe you a turd on Christmas. People been telling me what to do all day, and I've been listening. Doing things I didn't want to do for people I don't want to do 'em for. And if I got to break the law to save my wife, I'm doing it on my own terms, not some freak-show drug dealers. Here's your $2,000. I'd like my duffle bag of dope. It wasn't the day my parents expected when they woke up that morning. My dad had stood up to a drug dealer, and my mom...</i> well, she was as high as a kite. Mom and Dad never talked with us about what happened that day.</i> They just tried to forget it. Which was a lot easier to do once mom's hair grew back.</i> I can see why you put all that on your list. You did ruin my trip. But what you don't know... is what happened afterwards. Turns out, I couldn't stop thinking about what happened in that motel.</i> It was the most alive I've ever felt.</i> Over the next few days, whatever I did,</i> no matter how boring it was, it seemed more exciting.</i> My normal life wasn't so normal anymore.</i> I felt like a new man. And when the rush started to wear off,</i> I went back for more. I'll take another two grand worth of that <i>Mendocino Greeno</i>. Camden Police! This is a bust! You know why I like you? 'Cause you never do the thing that I think you're gonna do. Maybe I never got to American Samoa, but you gave me some more important: a chance to prove that when push came to shove, I could protect my family. When my wife and my sons were in danger, I wasn't just some middle-aged frame store owner. I was a hero. It was the best feeling I've ever had. Fa'afetai, Earl. Fa'afetai. Oh, and one more thing. I never gave up on you, son... and I never will. Transcript