If you do not mind me say, I like you more with s mustache. Yes, the old hated it. Deca-to picaba. Women. Sorry. This seems to milk. In fact, the use of a letter . It is good for you. Will give you strong bones and an amazing buzz. Now and again bela © ba in six years. Okay, please do not Echesa me. I need to stay. © Settlement an appointment for my mom with my boxing coach. It's perfect for her. This event takes a year of production n. Agreed. You have my attention n. He lied. Utility brokers © y os deceptive. He kept everything hidden. My mom will kill me if I knew! What I'm doing. Sold. I like your way of working, Mr. Kawakami. Let's see if we can find a good seat. Ã ‰ l are giving him a bite of his dinner. It'sa good sign to, cierto? - A holder of whom n - On Ã © l. - But you are fueling it. - Ka-Ching! Trevor! Why should a teen my office? I imagine that you wont © sitting on the bar. My mom! Is on a blind date. The're spying. I see. N things are accelerating. S I need you behind the bar. Come on.  Can you cover me? Marshall worked much to find the perfect for her mom!. What is perfect for this guy? She manages a station of n n television public. Ã ‰ l trains boxing. © rdame recover again why this guy is perfect for your mom!? She chose . There was a catalog. Is there a catalog of types? Even Saturday it was an option n. Catalog of the sperm bank. My mom do not know it, but that there - that's my dad!. Okay then. . :: WWw.Subs-Team.Tv::. P r e s e n t A Translation of: Chuchi, dulinnor and Iriel. Sync : Chuchi and Iriel. N Correction: Iriel. Cupid - S01E03 The Great Right Hope I am a hacker. Get into the archives of the bank sperm was cake. Get the name of Clint, © look at what Google, Found © was owner or a gym. Finger-to want-to learn to box - ... Well pruned to meet my dad!. -  And she has no idea? Are you kidding? My mom it's a total pacifist. No. To find your dad!. No. No way, dude. It is really sensible for her ability to criarme alone. Bueno, ndo paneas four deca-rselo? Does my deathbed?  Is your deathbed? Still not decided. I suppose that if it works, I can mention the toast of the wedding. Something is amiss. Come on. Hey. What happens ? The guy said it was a Republican. The woman began to rear  I feel I was joking. - Y Ã © l told him no. - Clint is a Republican? It was put in all this GITMO. Then she uses the expression , which I will not use in front of the child, but I'll say the same thing Felix whenever you get in my personal affairs. If I'm thinking, is not particularly friendly. Well. N The passion is good. No, you do not understand. My mom it's a hard leftist. Are you saying that your mother s leave go to their type soa ± ado by the policy? It is exactly what I'm saying. The pair are convicted. Trevor, Why have a teenager with you? Who n Ã © l This is my nia ± o internally. © not only how they got . I'm a little mad. Trevor -- Can we dispense premilinares games? Marshall's mother is too  crater. They are in a date with this great guy, ok? They are doing awesome. It turns out that he is Ã © republicano. Boom - She walks out the door. I do not understand.  other crate, Republican to whom No le importa? Opinions policies are topics essential for many people. When you make a relationship n is work hard, so Why start with a preclude a gigantic ass? they may end up with a wonderful thing. - Sorry. I can cut? - Of course. Please. My parents were in extreme opposites in the spectrum policy. For 40 years, nullified the votes of the other, - But had a great marriage. - How do you drive? They found something that mattered s most passionately the Polish case. The Yankees. What s more to love your mom! And Clint? Seriously, Trevor, is bad enough to get in adulthood couples when your arms, but involve a nia ± o? A teenager who wants his mother Be happy. Look, this is not just about what more armando my couples. It's what your people Call-a "Mitzvah". I'm not-a darkness. - Marshall is the one that began it all. - So that according  l Ã © quoted. It's adorable, no? I call him "Mini-Cupid." Got it. His other great passion N is the wine. Mama, do not expect. And your luggage. It's nice to see you again, guys. - Looks like it was yesterday. - It ended with Hector. The flamenco dance-n? That was Ronaldo. Hector is a playwright. An undiscovered genius. Are not always discovered, and if you managed to find them. I do not think that can continue. SÃ © it feels as if your world was to end now, but we'll overcome. I do not want it. Love my bones. © Bring your suitcases. Hello.  Are you Hallie? Yes. I'm Trevor Pierce of WNYD. Congratulations. earn a pass for the American premiere Beaujolais this year o. Really? I mean, I always go for moral -- But not a contest ©, so that how to -- There was a competition will test. were asked to participants write about someone to believe that you deserve it. - Your child  wrote about you. - Are Marshall's essay won ? In additional to degustaciÃ n also receive this. Is that your son? For the test, did not give the impression n to be so full ... of life. In fact, he lost a   amount of weight. - I have to bring a better picture. - Yes, I was a little thick nia ± o. I mean, all that decline was an angelic, but I did not speak to sabÃan my cheerful behavior. - What causes the change -  find a yoga class. It's amazing. It has been completely transformed. I mean, it's safe now. Sociable. It is even better at school, except chemical. But we are talking looking for a tutor. - Sorry. I bored. - No, I understand completely. Nothing more than a happy father s see what your child does well. SÃ  I'm going to the Regency Hotel Chase Thursday at 8:00? In fact, the station n will need a photo. So that if it can be in this direction n one hour before the event. Not even you Quito pajamas today? I have to put the to-day with "I Love Lucy." Do you know why all love Lucy? Because everything you do for love. No, all it does Lucy is ego and insecurity. No consideration has n  by the life of Ricky or hard work and talent it took to get AHA. Why are so tense s, Claire? No sÃ ©, Mom!, But I have a slight suspicion that may change When you go home. I have no home. Without the bones of Hector, yes, I understand. No, leave it © Hector goes my apartment forever. Mama, do not give your adult apartments to their ex-boyfriends. º Perhaps you may speak with-as Ã © l. - Hello. - Hi. Only hopefully the other winners, and photo  grafo. - Be here in a minute. - Great. I am so excited. Well, in most e-con - This will be much better than I expected. Oh, God, or more. What's interesting? Mom? Are you sure it was s yoga what we did lose weight? So-Is that all this time I thought you were taking classes yoga, have you been here? I thought not let me do that, you know, so feel the violence. Not that you were Cambodia bombing. Do I love boxing? No. But it is a sport. S but no more lies, or arm pairs. All I did was show Ginny Biography and a picture of Clint Web site gym, then leap like a cat and said that if no salÃas Ã © l with, she will. And degustaciÃ   wine? That was in large part to Trevor. Does not work at a station of radio. It is my tutor. Besides working in s bar that you like, Tres Equis. As I can see that make things work between You and Clint. Dear, Clint is a man great, really. But we have fundamental disagreements. Is a Republican, and what have you? It's like someone says, "Aha, you are the best portions of pizza , © but sneezes on her. " No matter what is so perfect if you are covered by a sneeze. Marshall, Do you let a minute? What happened ? Abama suponÃa we are a found at degustaciÃ up of wines. Novato. Look, you are Rocky, I'm Mickey. - I want to catch the hen. - What? Con-a-more, NIA ± o. SÃ © exactly what I'm doing. I suppose that if I used the entrance me Marshall for wine degustaciÃ , we hubiÃ © ramos found. Perde will by all this. Apparently, my son is Metiches a secret. Sometimes it gets a bit ... Too excited? - It is one of his best qualities. - True. Marshall is a guy in-ble. SÃ © that whatever you do, comes from a good place. Wanted to say what s the same for most people. So, What are we going to do n  degustaciÃ with this wine? So that, Clint, Marshall told me to das classes Boxing Free for children from poor areas. I told you exactly that. Think what will life Clint without these guys: Drogas, armas... pelea de perros? Too. Well, that was a good spectator! Ass. - Although you do is admirable. - No deal. Sabes, producimos un pequeño segmento de "Héroes de la comunidad" No station in the PSB for the job. Your work in the gym would be a very good piece. I'm very flattered, but the I really do not have the rite methods. At least he'll think s? Do not leave me n entrar. Apparently, I am not enough great wine to spit in a bucket. Well, must go home-owners alike. And to prove the missing Chateau 2005 de Chinon Les Coulaine Picasso? I will never forgive you. Go to mob and drink. Wait here with the © ny ± o. I come from a long, distinguished line - de entusiastas de cerveza de una lata. You know, even I was interested in wine Pela-when I saw the film "Sideways" and all that thinking was pruning "God Mao, please! llense comfortable." And then I had my first cup the Russian River Valley Barbera © and found myself using the word "mellow." CAA is a field-day. Why the hell is still moving? I will go on the other side. Trevor, What you doing? -  "Mirone is a word? - No. Well, then I'm not doing that. Hello. I'm Liv. I am the mother of Claire. Is Claire's mother? Really? - You must have many stories. - Trevor. If you do not mind me say, his daughter is beautiful increased substantially, - But it really is a bother. - I see you know very well. As the palm of your smart sexy and critical hand. I think you found a good, Claire. Not Found ©. Not me-o. Never me none of their boyfriends. Not my boyfriend. Estamos distanciados. - Are not alienated. - En serio? What you gonna do then? Well, I can always get a room, my dear. It's fine with us, Mom!. - I know Trevor's work. - Oh, I see. - Your secrets are safe with me. - Thanks. No, no n º ning secret. It FICCI . Es tan lindo ver que finalmente tienes química con alguien. - No what-mica. - See you down, Claire, and if they end up in the apartment, just leave it a socks-n at the door. It is not my fault that we have what-mica. I'm surprised you've agreed to go out with me first. Not the kind of person who is a blind date. Well, I have a bit of the effect of wine, © so that will be honest. I made this computer dating thing makes a lot simo-time And when you saw full questionnaire ba naming physically all qualities the person s who are looking for? Well, when you describe Ginny-a, was like going ticking all my answers. Except for the part of Republican. Surprisingly, the policy I never pass through the mind. That is surprising. Insurance had ceased to one of ours. Definitely. A role, all the right answers was immediately terminated with the word "Republican." AÃ º n, here are s-, and I am thinking of all the right answers. I can not believe that you want to join, Trevor. She chose a time in a folder full of donors. Wait, Are you telling me that you are s coupled to Hallie with the parent donor sperm of her son? Lo sÃ ©. Is a breeze. Sometimes I feel that I am the ero dating companions of destiny. Trevor, you gotta see this. Hey, in case you wonder, the sound beam going from one side to the other by the last hours - Is indeed disturbing. - So, is as animal feed. Can you try to sit into a block of more rmol - And put your hand in mind - Marshal said that his mother and Clint have been watching every night for two weeks. - Everything is great. - So skilled is the problem? The account has not moved. It has been well for weeks. - No account Hallie-Clint. - Wait. Only ... I think I can solve it for you. How about just ... The account will not move until the gods decide that it is true love. You know that I am not answer for that? Four l do not understand is the problem. So, Marshall said that the policy ever arose . You have to know friends and family of the other? I think not. That may-be. AÃ º n remain in the cocoon. To be a partner have to live in the real world. So if I were not in the gym, dÃ de shall? Not <i> sÃ ©. This gym is a house for me. Okay, you are right. We got it. - Thanks. - Thanks, James. - Something you need more s, Damelo. - Okay. - How do you feel loved? - Por n whom, James? I cut-throat if you look at askance. That is true, white. He said that he let you stay - When his father came out of imprisonment . - SÃ  were a couple of weeks. Are you ready to go! S something for dinner? Yes, we have to Tres Equis passes. Marshall sent me a message. Leave  geometrÃa Hence his book. Is should be concerned if my son passes the time in a bar? Hello. Hallie! Clint! What can I serve you? In fact we go to find the book mathematical characteristics of my son at the bar, but I guess it is pretty quiet here to do homework, no? They are pretty quiet tonight. Fiesta private. Are you sure you do not want to drink? No. s take something for your cumpleaÃ ± os? Not until my cumpleaÃ ± os within six weeks. This is Inca way. What is it? Sorpresa! God-or more. These are all people I know, and some people who do not. So you do not know my neighbor Phil, my companions ero bedroom the university, or my brothers? So what you think? Surprised? Yes, I think our brother tena no reason You are extremely great to be liberal. And if you start to drink coffee soy s and drive a car that works CÃ scara with eggs and garbage, maybe have a problem. - You seem a very intelligent. - Thanks. - How can you be a Republican? - I think what he means is that people who are educated about certain topics, others end up being  crater. Tra tion history, the truth. Was  other crater. Then in a car accident, I had a head injury. Since then I've been thinking in a small government and strong military. I was kidding, sign pray. º lpenme Disc. Can I ask you borrowed for a minute? Of course. - This is a disaster. - Okay. Seriously, that is, were you raised in a different home your siblings? How are you so different? - I am not so different. - The downfall as a compliment. Is Insulting my brothers is a compliment? Mira, lo siento, sÃ-? - I was nervous. - Well, it's part of its charm. - Prego º ntal to their former wives. - But honestly Is Almost six years after s de "No Mission Accomplished"? How can we continue to believe that Iraq war was good idea? Not sÃ ©. Why was a good idea? You know, yes, mistakes were made -- Really believe that? I think there are bad people out and have to handle that. So we need to bombard all those who do things we do not like? Well, you can not reason with a madman. - You have to take the fight. - True, I forgot ©. Diplomacy, the bulwark of the Western civilization , nia ± as is. Yes, I'm not sure what is a good idea. Tena-by that was done. We need to remove them from the cocoon. We're taking the real world to them. Yes, well, maybe it is too real world. Hallie <i> ? Marshall College lÃ-nea in 2. Hallie Butler. What was what? What possessed you to hitting another kid? I get tired of that goal © me all day. - One guy can not get much. - We went through this. Try to speak to the teacher or flames. Talking does not work, and I have to say how Clint was s much more rewarding. Is Clint? He said that if that kid bothering to safety, put your ass on the floor. That's what I did. Did you tell my son that hit another kid? Chico? The guy who got Marshal to have beards. Was willing to accept the boxing but attacking another kid is not acceptable. It was getting into with Marshal. Tena-to learn to defend themselves. - It's not your decision n. I am the mother. - Perhaps you are the mother but never were a boy 15 years. Sorry, but "calling the teacher" no solves this particular problem. So you know better than me what is better for Marshall that his mother? In this case, yes. Violence as a solution n. QuÃ © republican of you. Perhaps we should act as  other crater to kill will give milk and cookies, talk about their feelings. - We have finished. -  You think? Come on. Ended up here. - Come on, Marshall. - You have to consider another option n. Do Tell Mom that Clint es mi papa? TÃ º I want to be clean breast of the pond! - In the middle of the floor? - Do not you understand? That thing they care s most passionately that the Polish policy is not the wine, my friend. Eres tÃ º. Marshall! Come on. Hey. Hi, Marshall. How was your day-to? A little recreation task with popcorn? The guy has it already? Only a couple of hours to complete Marat will the war 24 hours of silence. Can you do it? Ladies and gentlemen, is a record the boy in the kitchen from hell! Two cups? Okay, I understand. Are you mad at me because s no te dejo box. You know, maybe you should consider be passive aggressive instead of hitting a that kid at school. You are very good at it too n. Marshall, go. Let's talk about this,-sÃ? Only you say something. Anything? I think Dick Cheney is a bad blow. Mr. Roberts, we have already exceeded that. You're broke. It is not invisible. Now he feels sÃ © that people ignore being bare, but that's -- Dr. McCrae, his mother are here. - You will have to wait. - Really need it. - Mamá, What happens? - Steals © its umbrella. Well, here are s-. Apparently, owners of bars os giving good advice, it is not true. Felix told me to pull tena Hallie to Clint and his cocoon. A total disaster. I need your help. Liv, What happens? - What did Claire - I went to the apartment of my lover. Your apartment is, mamma!, And it's your ex-love -- Do not habÃamos agreed to use the term "boyfriend"? - DÃ © jala talk, Claire. - Thank you, Trevor. © AHA-I stayed outside his door, ready to tell Hector, but our love was not dark, - We must move forward. - Why? The guy sounds perfect. - Trevor. - It's a drug addict, Trevor. - Well, OK, that's different. - It's a drug addict, I am drugs. If this is a goal! Fora, I am going back to "play." - Mamá, the umbrella. - SÃ © what you say: that may never finish his masterpiece because you can not take the hands of his muse. That is not going to say, Not at all. I saw her leaning umbrella Hence, next to the door, even n hÃ º medo on his morning walk. - Tena who possess it. - I think that's beautiful. Mr. Roberts, I can see it. Please remedy espa © in my office. © then come back, I promise. Is Mr. Robert-you are here? DÃ de? Wherever it © s, friend te or strange, as all B Wing boys! Okay, what do you know all need here? A good dose of reality. Mr. Roberts, the reason for which n Diane Sawyer never took the rose -you hold on to the barricade GMA because she was not could not "see it". Cancer , with you or without you, Hector drgadicta s finish his masterpiece. And Trevor, your partners drgadicta s n be affected if their can not survive in the real world. n Is everyone clear now? Excellent. Mr. Roberts, go back to work. Trevor, come back to this s more afternoon. Cancer , I will post © around the issue of Hector, as both sabÃamos that finally will. Really mad at my daughter, -as saba what? Way home, I had another idea that I have in mind. © sÃ far, in Canada, There are no Republicans or other crater. What think the reubicaciÃ ? Yes, of course, it will be. Mom? First the lies, now challenged ndome completely? You know very well that no must be-as here. - What not? - Sorry, not a Saturday. Marshall just said that I had not been able to come. - Come on, Clint, follow. - Marshall. Hey, buddy, come on. Marshall, stop. Low immediately. - We're going home. - TÃ º do not want to go out with Clint basa! ndote something as º I ask is as policy, This choice is tÃ º n, but can not © prevent further via Ndolo. Sure I can. I am your mother. Yes. Well ... Ã ‰ l es mi father. What say, dad boxeando Can I continue? What you just said, Marshall? © The tracking,  right? © find the name of the agency in your files, and me in your database. Defamation was not so easy. Clint ... Is this ... possible? DÃ de has ... Have you ever ... S suppose you are waiting for a pension . SÃ  Quero-to know what my dad!. The first time I came, tell me more like if you were a great fool, sÃ  seguirÃa it my way and forget that once-a te investiguÃ ©. But you were. Changed my life. Marshall, your mother!. Mama! How is everything? Are you reacting? They are more quiet s, but was defamation cyl. © <i> Spend three hours last trying to convince © does not try to find my father me because she has failed. SÃ  <i> discussed what to do. Have you talked to her about Clint? This is not the time, Trevor. Understand, speak morning. Adia  s. It sounds as if the truth came to light ? Con-a-more. It's the best. Lo sÃ ©, but so far is not the desired effect. © I think I will have to take the floor. Hey, of course, it was quite nice receive your call today. I mean, it is a beginning, º tÃ © ndome asked a favor. Now just to clarify what, where Hector this answer the door - Do you want noquee - No, just what I want to be sure. © called him yesterday and he was sharp when Suggest that it was time to move. Only what the date next to me and tries to s see more like God of War that the God of Love MuÃ © stralen your face cruel. Y sÃ © careful. If my mother was creative as possible Hector in your life this past habrÃa been a samurai without honor. Apparently, even talk to the wind. Have your delirious patient ndote helped with your crazy mother. I think it is a. .. Not only © mature alga dÃ º n-a. View the world as it is. Sees the world full of love and beauty. Sees the best in people. What is wrong with that? - Es-sta egoÃ. - EgoÃ-sta? How can it be? Put your heart on your sleeve N y wounded. So, Who think n then to collect side? He leaves his daughter, 16 years to ndose © by her younger sister, As she goes behind a s glass blower in Peru. "It's a great teacher, Claire." © The look, Trevor. There is a great teacher glass blower. No response. Maybe I took seriously y  moves by SA alone. Much better than advertised. Hector, Who  plays the ...puerta? You have ten minutes to pick your stuff. S After this, call the police-© a and decide whom they n entered without authorization n. Hello. Hello. So that in the last 19 hours, I have been trying to order my feelings, and that is what insurance sÃ ©. Mostly what I feel is happy-a. I felt this connection n with Marshall from the day-to entered gym. So I am asking are s if you can continue to see Marshall? Yes. But these are also n. I think we must give-amos another chance. We will break the heart-amos n a Marshall if we tried and it does not work. You know, I try to instill this attitude in kids who train with me. Nothing worth having been easy. Marshall came to my gym 22 kilos overweight. And there were day-as it was soaked in sweat and pressed so hard, I thought that not volverÃa the next day. But he kept coming. We had a chance, and throw in the towel. We owe it to Marshall a real effort. Realmente No matter whom we vote for? Hallie <i> ? It's school Marshall again. LÃ-nea three. Hallie Butler. No, I understand. Of course. © it-there will be more s soon as possible. Marshall got into another fight. Apparently, the other guy involved need points by the cut above his eye. You know, this is not my son who was before you know, Clint, dÃ © jame so that very clear. There is no possibility of our thing happens, and when you see a a Marshall again I am not sure that your influence has been good for Ã © l. This ends, Marshall. It ends now. I mean, What possessed you to get into another fight? I do not want to talk about it. That is the fag that gave you a beating? Now I see the day her son was nfrom wonderful manners. Mama, come on. If you did this to you, maybe not be the only who is gay. You know, not that it matters, but my son is not gay. © rtelo not feel I had said before, but come on, have you never you cross through the mind? Yes, I shall cross. You know that I will love and support - No matter what, huh - My mom liberal? I probably won some points. I am a badge of honor. I think I understand. Boxing ... fighting, No I do not even like it but I understand. Clint said that they are just a couple of fights, leaving n getting me. I go 2 to 0. Is Clint knows the reason for the n that get you? I know long ago. It has been great with that. s Are you angry? Yes. Me. Comet-a grave error. © How to stop a man like Clint? Sabaa that Marshall was gay. treats him like a son. So, I do not mind whom to vote No. I ... You know, this is the kind of man who want on the life of Marshall. - In my life. It is the only type - - Stop, stop. Do not spend all that strong passion in me-n. Not that there's a small Clint fly on the wall. But not my address! Called. That is all I want, and you lose. Perhaps you've lost by now, but ... Marshall no. S shall not in mood to make a perfectly ingenious plan, o sÃ? Hello. - DÃ de are? - DÃ de whom are n? - Marshall. -You said you want to see me. - Surely only. Called me and said, "Marshall wants to see. Can you come to the bar?" Do you see what I did AHA-? I'm so smart for. Always something up his sleeve. Makes you wonder what I'm going to make a continuation . Way # <i> by these streets © © before walking # Quer-I think that Marshall is here-© s to see the world premiere of the work of your mother at your gym. My son-<i> sell drugs on the corner. My son was in a gang. Boxing gives my child a place to release their anger. Trinity Boxing Club gave me a son dÃ de to go. Clint Wilson <i> is more that s a simple coach. is a mentor. is a father figure. Clint <i> is the white knight our family. I am a single mother, and however much I like I can think to do everything, I can not. So thank God that you you have people Clint Wilson <i> as to fill the holes. I can not imagine life without my son Ã © l. I can not imagine my life without Ã © l. AÃ º n n are working on Ã © l. I think it hastened a little production, but I think that is what you can call a "Tribute to Love." I will look for Hallie. Your account are paid. Sorry, but where I come from, men do not let the women buy them drinks. Come the years 50? You look good. Thank you. All my Bible about fighting and carrying weapons keeps me young. While at my age working long hours I pay less than a man who does the same job. You're all I ever wanted in a man, and not a thing. Prego four ntame º nt me that thing. Do you care Cuá nt -? What I said? They are the perfect match. Yes. © Not only if you can provide with Roy Rogers, but ... © <i> Salut. So seriously think you're Cupid, no? Yes. What makes you so nervous what is so good at this? Well, the good side you're so strict which is exactly when sÃ © 'll get home. - Hiciste dinner? - Not acting is so very strange. No, I'm just surprised and excited that requires covered and you do not I sit on the floor and eat lentils with my fingers. You know, I was very close to etÃope food. Trevor reason to tena-n again. Trevor? Please tell me that it was a cork out a bottle of wine on their own. - Vaya! It's like a machine. - What you do here? Is Coming to class? After s that were very direct me in your office, Trevor and I started to speak, y © invites to dinner. I have been lifting the Ã nimo. Perhaps you do not know this, but I am a ball of sunshine. You do not have to be bad, mama!, © Hector because he spoke with, and it will move. Well, not to worry-as tena. He was about to go talk Ã © l with myself. Lo sÃ ©, but was in the neighborhood and I thought that I look at it. Well, How was I? He feels things very deeply. Was ... destroyed. And it is obvious that n still loves you. But I had not said anything that I would like more tÃ º s that you are happy. You see, Claire? That is love. Claire is slow, but understands it. Know what is love. I have never been so sure of that until this very moment. Disc lpenme º. Hola? Hello. s Are you kidding? Of course. © be there in 20 minutes. Stop. You can wait that long. Derek wants to be me to drink. No matter, verdad? We know it today in Whole Foods. It's like a young Julia Raa º l. In this darkness, you have to feel those eyes as if you had seen in another life. It was an instant connection n nea. Maybe come back with Ã © l for dessert. What's going to want tu mama knows the truth? I think it is time to accept the fact this is the truth for her. In other words, is as well. Do you want wine with your meal or -? You're not staying. You're a horrible host. Good evening, Trevor. But you are a wonderful daughter. Thank you. So, Trevor, How was your day-to? Yes, was, you know, my kind of day-a.