I finish my counseling sessions n for the day and will do anything I tonigh den id=nc_sl vt if you need a extra hand in the kitchen. I'm not sure how I feel to asked me our volunteer psychiatrist peel potatoes that. Trevor, what are you doing here? What happens to your romantic evening with Kevin before they go to Africa? - Put in an aircraft n in three hours. - Who is Kevin? Kevin Kevin. You know what, Kevin? Is Kevin humanitarian? Is Kevin the back of the statue of David? Look, the event is in the museum with eight blocks from here, where you shoud be. Then you get in a car! Iran and the airport. Only 20 minutes as we have it. 20 minutes for what? I mean, How do you even -- - You gotta be kidding me. - Are you crazy within an hour? - I'm against clock here. - I Take Riley to a single session n. I even assured me that no sit near you. Believes that the rule of "no match my friends" was obvious. I can not do. - Sons ¡cala, Trevor. - Want to go to Africa with Ã I l. Want to go with Ã I l? Mira, Riley, sÃ I burned before you, but I tell you, this is Autentic. Agreed. Okay, perhaps deep breathing and think about it for a minute. Are you sure you want to to flee to Africa with some guy? Well, it is only a week, and is not "some guy. Is a worker for international support. I am not surprised that gay was knighted. Trevor me him at Tres Equis, and then we get on fine. - It's been a whirlwind three weeks. -  Three weeks? I Never heard mentioned. Because every time we put the love of my life you sign that I am rebuilding wings a relationship with codependiente n a narcissistic father figure or revealing problems of trust deeply. That sounds like you. It's like trying to go to dinner with the leader of your group weight. Perhaps that is why not have women friends. Claire has women friends. I'm one of them. Although, sometimes, just what I need to someone compassionate, s more of what I need expert advice. Come with us. I want you to meet him. Go!  Go! Go!  Go! You are here. I am just worried that it was a joke for you. Anything but that. God provides for my work. What the hell -- Who are you? Nick Kazarian, Research Bowery. Congratulations, Mr. Collier. I took a Photography best I.P. area in the tri-state. His wife hired me two weeks ago. I called from London. I guess it is not the first time that happens. See you later. Reminde me again. You think you are the god of what? . :: www.podnapisi.net::. P r e s e n t A Translation of Chuchi and Iriel. ³ n Sync and by Iriel Chuchi. Edited by Iriel. Cupid - S01E02 Live And Let Spy How could you do? It's completely irresponsible! How do you see how terrible I am? Could not feel worse if I pass something. - Well, I say prove that theory. - No, I know this came as a shock. The other people in the world were not you  make mistakes. And if you stop and think, at least for a millisecond -- Yes I stopped to think this time, which I never do. Something felt a little ... loose. -  lazy? - Yeah. You know, it was so good on paper. Still, do you know what? No, lesson learned, due to your instincts. That is not the lesson. The lesson is to stop interfering. Can I too get a room allready Good! Fighting is another sign of the atracion, You know? She speaks about it in his book. Well, actually, that's a simplificacion. What I said -- Claire, I have just been slapped romantic. And now there are photos me kissing a married man. There-out in the world. The Holy Kevin ... You offered me quadruple for pictures and I rejected. We were hoping to explain the situation. You know, maybe you can help us out. Yes, I am not really what we call an helper. My friend is an innocent witness. She didn't know she was married to Kevin. I I guess, but perhaps she should take less hand holding out of him and more to find the ring on his finger. The guy is a prosecutor tanning line. When did you see as holding hands? Well, his wife hired me two weeks ago. But I must tell you, unbraided no money until last night. You know I have no idea that he was married and simply looked at me being roled in? - You can have warned. - What you think it was last night? I mean, have you think I have the Bito hÃ ¡de to stand for when people Photogra nc_sl value="ephy? Then wait until your money for a decent human being. What are we friends? It's not really the nature of my job to protect the lover. "Only doing my job." Is that what you say when trying to sleep at night? No, use them to sleep tools used by any other IP uses Bourbon and telephone sex. Now that you mention it ... "I was only doing my job." Is the last I hear - before I falling asleep .... - That is repulsive. Really? Great. Does it mean you leaving? God, Do you got a beating all those days in high school? I swear that in the second to be opened your mouth, my fist tightening. Oh my good. Do not have to throw your ball go about the guy who you really bother idden id=nc_sl ³? Yeah, sÃ na pelota de iI do not even what the hell is a ball of anger, but I want you to strip! Rtela. Look, no matter if I give you the photos. And sent the JPEGs I a your boyfriend's wife. Well, I am glad that we do not lose time. In fact, here it ... Great loss of time. Is seeking a room-an n? ³ If you already sent the pictures, then we have finished here. Unless you are enjoying I n. You know ... my dad suggested marriage ¡ ¡my mom in a game the Yankees. ¡nt ¿Cua will-as for this? Create an event to give your parents was the anniversary gift. Yes, but I feel like I have to give them something separate. - Are 40 years. - 40 Ruba weddings are not isbol I BA. You know, I can not believe you parents have been happily paired for 40 years, but you live like a monk º. - Yes, I save for someone special. -  ¿Hola?  Can I get a drink? Sorry. Normally our adorable, but ruthless and vindictive, waitress comfortable cteles which manages the service desk. And Aqua-creation that was special. Is Special? You know what? Sorry, I could not avoid it, but note that you do not use ring I. It will now be bold I, ¿¡l four is your taste in men? Less bold. Perfect. Without thinking, the only match. Without thinking, the only match. Hey, boss. The nine women of the Bureau ask the owners o. Hello. What can I do for you? Can you bring a dry Martini sit here and the same? Excuse me? I love a martini-dry, with a twist. Sorry. I thought that want-to see the owners o. Quer-to see someone bring me a drink. If you have to be you, you can probably find how to deal with it. Is it a vodka Martini o. .. Hey. I want my ball Ba I isbol. It is a ball of Thurman Munson. ³ He wrote his name on it. Agreed. The I.P. ³ I met. Well, they used the name of the bar in your shirt yesterday so that, clearly, want to see me-as. ³ I Sucedió note that your screen saver. Such genes with images of young Riley. Many social workers do not know so sexy in my line of work. So I say embrace your good fortune. You two have a real spark. Look, I live the CRA of ³ nica desintegraciÃ ³ n's happily ever after. Monogamy is helpful ina, love never lasts and marriage is an archaic institution n doomed to failure. Have a good day-a. Wait. Does that mean that you object to do a favor for a girl? I am sorry that we felt that podÃas talk to me about Kevin. The sad thing is that there was no imported if HACA. The only difference YOU will have º you been saying "I told you." - Thanks for staying for dinner. - I do not mean "I told you." Only what I want to be a friend normal and a friend no expert on relationships things you can do normal friend to you. We speak out together out of the center, and never did. Yes, I never took the dance,  ¿verdad? Or train for the half Marat ³ n, which we can still do. What say? Is the morning morning, 6:00 A.M.? We can start from your home. Okay, but we pact not to speak of men. Done. H-h-e-c-o. This is the polish. This is Russian. Good. Try the Russian. -  Trying drunk? - Vamos. A small sip. What am I doing too n, and I'm working. It is the same as I try. Okay. You can see the difference between a first and a Vodka cheap. I apologize for doubting you. So what brings you to my fine establishment? I will find my son here. Are you seeing someone new, and want the know. No way you can have a child of age. MÃ º you same-thin. It's my sister. - Celia,  can you watch John atra ¡s - Okay. TÃ º. I hope you have a truck parked ahead full of cans of food and toys to donate. Okay, look surprised me. Your friend Trevor told me that this last type was not the first time that you were hurt by a man. He said he wanted some data to walk away from the bad apples. I never said anything well. It makes no difference for me. I I will. Wait. Ã ‰ l ³ never met her telephone in front of you. Yes, that does not mean to ³ mi "degenerate womanizer." That means "polite." Nobody is so polite. And always pay cash ³ querÃa not because his wife see anything suspicious in your account card credit. Often not received a step explanation ³ n by step after that I s stop the idiot I am. I think the two can Ã I l agree that it was the idiot. So have you now trying to make me feel better? Hey, if it does not happen all the time, -a will not work, right? - Permit. - What is this? ³ restaurant donates some tablecloths, but if you prefer the pla ... ¡stico No. Look, I appreciate your tutorial, but my problem is not recognized if a man you are married. It is the first time I pass that error. Only you find an honest man. Yes, you mean the honest man. Look, I think rules. It's basic nature. Men looking for youth and beauty. ¡Na leave their wives for that, abandon his entire family. Perhaps you are more hard s men like me. No, no, no. I am a mass of ntropo ¡ equal opportunities. They refused ¡n, a women overlook anything for a man healthy and strong. Orit sign Hanes done that for you in the recreation center. It's beautiful. Thanks, Jessie. See? Algae day that sweet n º nia ± a ¡break th azÃ³n de un hoe heart of a man by a wider and better. Perhaps it is intelligent, and avoid love altogether. Apparently the donation ³ n de food today incluÃa the entire plate of cheeses Blue Hill restaurant. I will start to eat s dining more often. By Jessie. Perhaps it is intelligent and avoid love altogether. Health. &lt;i&gt; # Yes, I think I'm going to get crazy for you # God, I can not imagine married. Bueno... Can you imagine paying pension ³ n food once a month a woman who lives with my ex captain n? Former captain  ¿No? Were you a police-a? Yes, sign ora. So, your wife and the captain n, I guess were not together s until after the divorce. Does not that have been considered? I need you &lt;i&gt; # # &lt;i&gt; # I can not think of anyone more that s you # What happens to the drum bucket? Non-teaching by a bucket drum. - Eso no es romántico. - Él no es nuestro. Andaba por acá. Well, the calo ¡sÃ here. I Do not remove the shell a pound oysters for my health. Estoy creando un ambiente aquí. Sacré bleu. # Por ti, día y noche # # Fuera de mi mente # So well thought of waffles. Parece que en serio conoces tu comida. Lo recibí de mi papá. -  Was cook? - No, he liked to eat. Police was also n-a. And his father was police also n-a. And his father ... Barks was ³ n, but an excellent cook. I believe that algae Point No. n was personal chef the guard of imprisonment n of Rikers Island, a reality. Must-stop as you cook something. Trying to fix it by leaving I break the heart of? You do not have the heart of broken. Not loved. I noticed, and not even needed magnifying glass but the truth helps. I liked it. Creator's intentions to were honorable. This is the third time that Limousine in the city with us. Algae º  ¿n angry husband? Are always a possibility. This is my home. Yeah, sÃ I it. Clear. Is Riley? And now I have to kill Trevor. I can not remember the last time I was awake all night because querÃa do. I will prepare dinner tonight. Forward. Must not-a get involved with someone, especially a guy who yesterday I refer to as "algae pond" and no compassion tena ³ n. Only I am a compassionate friend and I'm happy you're happy. Oops, you're good. We have to talk a little. Why not say "I have to gritarte, so do not increase my expectations?</di sl value="es">v><div id=clir> I can not believe you try to find a partner Riley again. Do not you realize how bad it ended the last time? That's why I'm putting my game "A" here. I am compensating. He has not said much about this, but I've taken some things. She has some serious trouble trust. I thought that as approval. Look, two people do not believe in love, is something we have in common n, an indicator of relationship, if you want. And I think his encounter initial combative a subliminal sabotage that indicates a latent atracciÃ ³ n. Have you been reading my book? - I am in the four-ter layer. It's good. - Well, read on. And you can see that s ¡ initial aggressive encounters usually require ¡catharsis trauma characteristics, a jump of a cliff, and most of the relationships do not survive. Great. Jumps of a cliff. That is the subyoutulo of my book, "Yeah I bold. Please tell me remember what I drink. I could never say, "I shall take the usual." I never forget a face or a drink. Yesterday was a bit strange,  ¿no? Yeah, sÃ. Small world, huh? I have been considering the situation n. Six months have passed since my divorce, and I have known none 's enjoy your company much like yours yesterday. Was switched on yesterday picamente attacks. Normally I'ma ina helpful. I think we must leave-masters. We're adults. Cory and Lita are almost adults. ¡l ¿Cua is the harm or? God-or more. So, is like heaven smells of meat. Is So that's how you get pujen your appointments for you? Actually, no, never cook for my appointments. Honestly, since my wife left me ³ I have just been me and a number of hookers with privileges, and food for china usually solves the problem. Had you been satisfied with whore with privileges, you have not created a screen saver with Riley's face on it. Well, I was a police-eight years, then a I.P. for the past six. Not many people know pure very good, really good people. And last night was so perfect. You know, I ... It is rare how to ³ everything went well. As if the gods were I ndote smiled. Yes. Well, just so afraid that after s the magic of last night º you know, things calm down and regain her sanity. Hi, this is Nick. &lt;i&gt; Hello, Riley. No, I understand. T say more s. - Things arise. - What? Wait. No. What you doing? Give me that. Riley, What happened? Trevor, dÃ I pull off the event with dignity, right? Well, listen, we are on track. Back. He says his name is Ted Smith. She lives with her daughter's family, but can not remember your married surname. He suffers from dementia and likely forgot ³ casa."><input make your pÃldoras and left his house ³. Well, that is all I Tena in your pocket. Receipt bus s, some sweets for coughs and this. It is a card of thanks a "Bobby" but no name or address n. Yes, should be able to carry a house with this. N Who are you, Nostradamus? There is no n address or surname. Do notice the snow reflects MuÃ ± ³ dico holding periodic? The dealer gave it. All you have to do is call and find the path of Bobby. After  ¿s what? Okay, gang, hit the door to find someone who knows. This is not the sexy part of detective work. Is that So I guess the irrupciÃ ³ n in this search was your idea to Nick Riley impress? There was no irrupciÃ ³ n. Ã ‰ l runs. And his idea, incidentally. Very well, you know what? Probably should be divided. S can cover more ground that way. You can not be stopped your own air. Iran s door to door looking Ndolo ¡ a bride Ted, instead of finding home. Do you think Ted is a bachelor? So even a I.P. you can use your skills for something good. Yes, true. I'll pay my rent with karma points. Gives an impression of malÃsima ¡ntropo a mass, detective. Hello. Do hope that you may know this man? Yes, I think it is the pope of ¡ the sign either living next door. - Thanks. - Yeah, gracias. Thank God. ¡Grandpa!  ¡Grandpa! Here  ¡n-are my kids! &lt;i&gt;  ¿DÃ ³ nde you? I was so worried about you. &lt;i&gt; meat and salad probably are in the last. I But I think we can save the dessert. Sorry I ruined your dinner. Hope you do not take many annoyances. No hassle. Why do not you sit down? - Only you give me a second. - Okay. &lt;i&gt; Oye,  ¿I can at least help with anything? So ... Is this your version n "no hassle"? No-tell that. This is a bad idea. The worst idea of all. Normally I am not well-de talkative. Nor so-popular. Die for attention n or is that pepperoni put in my pocket. Good move. I think they have guts. I miss my instinct on your knees but I had no value. Thank the gods for the second time. Dogs tena-an n. reason It is very pleasant. It is a very nice knees. Why is that smile, Lord? - What, this? - Yeah. It is remorse. Repentance. No reason Tena Nothing good out of this pruning. I swear. No sÃ I you, but ... I feel terrible. I never felt worse. God. I'm so behind. Wish to stay, but I have to go to school. Yes, well, I have to shoot a deputy with a prostitute, so that ... I assume that this time ¡ndome were monitored, Do you manage to get number of my phone? I did. So-Do you speak more I s late? With it. Hi, s are backward. Dark circles, hair disheveled, without shaving beards, and if I am mistaken, I think they call that guy walking "show off". Do not you dare sully the memory of the meeting last night with your childhood innuendo. Do I find? You sound as if thou hadst collected from an airport. By the way, just so you know what, can be much more s this child. But ... Do you like it? Yes, I like it. Say high, say it proud. I believe in Cupid! - No-go so far. - Okay. Definitely, there was a connection n. So ... Cory's mother is away from ¡³ to enter your home around 5:00 of the morning. - How do you know? - I '³. I was at home working on RSVP for the birthday party, Not that it's none of your business. I can not believe you invited out a mom! My boyfriend. ³ invited me to leave. Not that it's none of your business. It's very matter-or more. Cory are mad. Look, it's unique son. Still not ³ confronted with the fact that their parents - Separated .... - Six months have passed. Yes, and now her mom come back home with her hair all disheveled. Cory needs to get their own home. ³ moves back to his house because his mama got sit alone in her apartment. And sorry, but Do not assume that the goddess of love n sup ut type=hiddenport my relationship also n? Yo this is I to Felix Investing more in s Ã I l. In addition s, Ã I l s is more friendly you me that. Will it-as for me, Felix? Lita, you walk down the street and the boys fall at your feet. Or upset me to learn the name of your boyfriend because I can not afford. This kid is special for me, Felix. I think Lisa is very special. ¿Y you eres what for her? One way to cure the depresiÃ ³ n? Never. I take a drink. ¿Y? How was it? The manner in which they looked last night when we leave the house ... Okay. Riley is a nice girl. - Fill the glass with whatever you have. - You got it. So, How do you know Riley? - It is a friend of Claire. -  ¡nt Does four time? Not much. It is the kind of person that you understand the rapid,  you know? Actually, no. I can not believe that a girl how she is I herself. Lo sÃ I. Was it when the maiden knew? What is this? Remorse or afternoon. This is what sÃ I Hanes on Riley. What you know º. ± osa cavity is nice and ... Yes, it can be. But Riley Hanes has existed only from the past three years. I Find a little. Seems to have come full the world formed in 2006. No traces of it before that. Then there is a clerical error, building or public records their city burning ³. And it has something for married men. S Are you crazy. Grayson Davis. It's owner or the middle of Boston. Riley picked ³, spent a couple hours in the Soho Grand before proceeding back to their home. Explains how to a social worker can afford an apartment big 5 a month, right? That's why he was so desperate by retrieving the photos. In my line of work, I see such things every day. Well, it sounds like one of these medical students convince themselves that they have leprosy. Perhaps you have reason No, Trevor, or perhaps the morning hours, I will have the money. See you. A donation will have for you: olives, cherries to marraschino, a bit of Bloody Mary. Thank you. That's sweet. You never know when a homeless person want to party. Hey, have you saw me yesterday? - I saw you outside the Soho Grand. - ³ He had to be someone else. Not in the Soho Grand. Sure, you were dating hotel with such How is it called? The rate of a lot of silver, Grayson Davis. I am a fool. When you say "Grayson" I remembered I. Abama is suponÃa us find on the Peninsula, but then changed ³. We are a donation will which gives the center. Well, I'm sure you convinced to donate much. Yes. I was so sure that tena-a reason n. Not a moment of pause. Suddenly inspiration n. You know, like a bombita light of love ³ goes off in my head, you know? Nick and Riley should be together. Now everything is a disaster. Well, maybe this will show you what is currently - To make sure that call Cupid. - But I'm Cupid. That's why it's so frustrating. You know, you can not teach this- ¿sÃ? There is no manual. Everything depends on me, my instinct. Maybe they will. Too many years of it for granted. Perhaps reason tena-an n. Who tions? The people you cast Mount Olympus. Perhaps lose my gift. Sorry to be late. Is  ¡s better mood than yesterday? ¿MÃ ¡s reasonable? I am very humorous, could not be better. Is Fresh flowers for you? Thank you. So ... man s that are watching ... It ended. No more s. &lt;i&gt; - Do not tolerate I. - Yeah. That &lt;i&gt; ... not going to happen. They are underestimating &lt;i&gt; s seriously what I speak. &lt;i&gt; Are you doing a little s that same you. I think I love him, Dad!. ¡Hey, Dad?  ¡Yeah, I baby! Priscilla Davis, not what you see. - Do not discuss it again. -  ¿ "Priscilla"? S Are you with a unique humor, Nick. Yes, I am not sure if I care. I like my lovers investigators private my eggs: well tough. Although ... I wanted to a fried. China food arrived. You have nothing upstairs. TÃ º do not have pants. Nick? These are from yesterday. What are s spying again? It's like I am. Does not confirm or anybody. Tena the impression that sabÃas feels like that. Yes. I ... suponÃa that eventually could espionage overcome. That's what happens, I Boston left my name and change I because we can not differentiate between the man who loved me and the man who querÃa inherit my family fortune. So, now you know the truth about me, I'm sure mean ¡s why ever more I s may trust you. Riley. Should you drink in the morning, perhaps want to get something. And took two coffee s I Irish, but thanks. Tena reason n-as with Riley. Le pregunté por Grayson, el personaje millonario, y me mintió. Yeah I te I did go into this, I sia-well that ntete free tirarme something. The ball Ba I isbol of Thurman Munson. But not in the face. No? My mage is ³ are being closed - As the home of "Poltergeist." - It's called guilt. What, as is well-known? Es horrible. Yeah-day-melo. Riley not lied ³. Do not do that? That silver fox. The men wealthy was not his lover. The man was his father. So that was not wrong. My instinct was not wrong. In your face court disciplinary Mount Olympus! The worst part is that I think that loss forever. In your face, Dr. Claire "perhaps need to stop believing in yourself" McCrae! I am glad that you do not see the party "lost forever" - ... So depressing as I do. - Wait. What? Nick Kazarian, private investigator, What did you do? What s more crazy? Yeah I my dad ¡ sounds like the villain in this, and maybe it is. But it has reason to worry n for his fortune. One of his biggest fears, he says, is going to take me check inheritance and putting it in the can a tramp. "Tramp," his word. In fact, the sound of the check to you. His other fear is that my case wrong with someone. When tena-25 years, my father told me that Roga ³ go with Brent Chase the young vice president of his company. I Over time we agree to submit, and, big surprise, we get along. It was my kind of man: A mentor in a bunch of kids in the city. Gave literacy classes for adults. I requested that I marry ³ Ã I l in the race against breast CÃ ¡ncer. Something bad will happen,  ¿verdad? Before the wedding, he discovered that my father ¡ba-a physically bean invented to Brent. He was trained ³. I turned up in every way our relationship n. He was about to marry a man who was a complete work of FICCI ³ n. It's an amazing story. Rich people. Loco,  ¿verdad? Aha, was changed when I my name legally. And here I am certain moves I live my terms. Only the thought that I had seen-something Nick, some softness in the front of everything sÃ I. I ... Speak, please. I give you permission. And "I told you" is very well deserved in this case. All I want to say is that the sweetness in Nick ... n I also saw it. Mr. Kazarian. I have an appointment. Well, go is welcome. Take a seat, Mr. Davis. Yes, of course, knows whom I n. My name, s after all, it is what brings us here. Ã ‰ l es mi attorney, Mr. Strathmore. Yes, what I guessed. What can I do for you? I really gustarÃa tell you what I can do for you. MÃ ¡s &lt;i&gt; down, Trevor. A bit more s. Down a bit more s. Like, an inch below. ¿As another inch? Well, another inch. Went down too. Yeah º belo. I hope that this Cory it sounds romantic, - It s killing me are the Ã ¡nimo Ma. - Dude. Cory comes to the party, Why do not you ask him? Cory Trevor hitting him show a serious commitment! the relation n,  ¿verdad? So I guess bring my date to a party ¡family will follow suit. See, I thought that accepting Watch be my date for the feast was a promising sign. Good to know that we are on the same page on anything. Good to know. I think the problems because of Cory I leave with her mother gone. - Come to the party. - No, actually follow. Only he knows how important this is for me. Dad!. What-do here? Why not get in the car? I think there is anything-as must see. Sorry for the bad Ã ¡ngulo of the camera. Jeffrey found a ³ wonderful portfolio that obscures a small video camera. &lt;i&gt; It's very simple, Mr. Kazarian. Signing this contract &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; agreeing to be away from my daughter, &lt;i&gt; and receives a check for $ 100,000. &lt;i&gt; Demons Are you serious? I am not known &lt;i&gt; my jokes, Mr. Kazarian. ¿&lt;i&gt; 100 grand? &lt;i&gt; Well &lt;i&gt;  ¿dÃ ³ nde sign? I think you have the idea. Riley, tries to calm down a little,- ¿sÃ? ¡s Is this safe? A lawyer for my dad recorded it ¡³. I saw everything. Nick was unable to sign the contract s most rapid. I ... I can not believe be so surprised. Why the hell thought that will be different this time? Because I told you that Nick was different. ¿DÃ ³ nde s are? I'm going to find. Parked in front of the Soho Grand, waiting for my dad ¡ bring your luggage. &lt;i&gt; I will return to Boston, at least for a while. - Hello. - Hi. You look good. Thank you. It was a nice surprise. ¿Ã-bamos We find here-? I thought that we are met then down. In fact, I am here. I've been thinking about it. What if we find after s of the party, after that s you 've gone through all the family I s and is with a little alcohol? I was waiting there. The 40th anniversary celebration parent perhaps a little too intense for me. I do not feel ready for that. So I guess that will come I s here after the party for some quality time alone? &lt;i&gt; Always and forever # # Each time you &lt;i&gt; # # &lt;i&gt; # It's like a dream for me-# That algae &lt;i&gt; º # n # so it became a reality sÃ I &lt;i&gt; And that morning # I # &lt;i&gt; continue to be the same # &lt;i&gt; 'Cause I got you in my life # Do you know what your friend did Nick? ³ ruined it, but it will solve. Are you trying to crawl now. I'm surprised have not heard nothing Ã I l. Is trying to fix it, how to? What is going to do, send flowers and a note? "I have broken your heart, - But 100 is big money. " - Look, I do not understand nothing s are saying now. The spy ³. ³ mistook his father with his mistress it could happen to anyone. What is this about money? Riley's father offered him a ³ $ 100,000 to Nick away his daughter. ³ Nick nor I thought twice. ³ Signing the contract, Riley saw the video. -  You understand now?  Do you see the image? - How can I do? Going to ask. I can not find a Riley in n º ning side. They are not at home, they are not at work. Why you find it? - Do remember not to see it? - Lost  ³ n? Are you on video, Nick. Do not deny it. What they recorded the video? # &lt;i&gt; I remember, head down # # Before you &lt;i&gt; mind that it's a damn manna drug # &lt;i&gt;  Did you see the full video? CLAIRE &lt;i&gt; 'Cause enough is never enough # # &lt;i&gt; What is enough? # Aqua-&lt;i&gt; have. Are you &lt;i&gt; is the decision n for everyone. &lt;i&gt; Wait. &lt;i&gt;  ¿ "Romeo B."? &lt;i&gt;  ¿TÃ º eres "B. Romeo? &lt;i&gt; Yeah. &lt;i&gt; Certainly. &lt;i&gt; Aleje checkbook, Mr. Davis. &lt;i&gt; do not have enough money to get away from her daughter. -  ¿º n Alga message Riley - It has a lot to resolve. Yes, could have erased the - Which I refuse to sign. - Time for the speech. Do you mind sharing some champaÃ ± a? No, it's my job. Oye,  ¿dÃ ³ nde are Mira? Not attend. Things did not work between us. Dude, where's my bread s are pulling. Bamos are not on the same page,  you know? Not so. Man, I receive many cra-tics. A couple of days, one of my ³ employees asked me why, watching the parade of women attractive to come here and example is so positive in my life: My parents, married 40 years ago today. Why I still single? &lt;i&gt; -  Because you do not like women! - Yeah, gracias. Thanks for ... support. The fact is that ... precisely because his example n I still own. I've been around much of their 40 years together I just-so that is how to true love. And each time mido one of my relationships to their level, who knows what else. Y sÃ I I'm going to keep looking. I will keep looking, because I want what they have. And I want that Lita is also n. So &lt;i&gt; Is that how to own one of the adult movie More New York s finest convince a teacher of Garden infants to spend the rest of her life with Ã I l, giving up everything? Well, Ã I l ³ got a full, nor given an opportunity to think about it. 72 hours, do you, Dad!? So everything is like the dating Gus and hard Bibi ³. When my dad took a decision ¡n, are taken. Thank God for that, Dad!. So that if they do not care join me in a toast by my parents, - Health. - Health. Mama!, Dad!. Thanks for putting the bar very high. I love you. Health. Health. &lt;i&gt; Nick? That was a kiss, "Romeo B." How will you overcome that? CÃ ¡sate me. Sorry. What? I House monkeys. Must-as ... probably must know-as when I told my dad ¡ re the car to make Ã I l. .. told me to let to recognize as a daughter. You'll marry a poor social worker. So what is a just-? I guess this means that you feel validated. Are you going to re-arm Thinking your instinct? ¿s No more questions? Not sure. Things do not exactly worked for Felix. I think I'm going to go with the theory the "pull a few things against a wall and see if it sticks. " Is not been in trouble as well as the first time, random arrows? Thanks, Claire. You're a good friend. And Tena-as much reason n. What? Wait a minute. ¿TÃ º tena-as n reason? How can I ...? tena-a reason n! Hey, I did this couple. I'm not going to share the credit. Not sÃ I, Trevor, I much work. What? How? You're negative. Claire! See you later. I have something in mind.