into the original design, not tacked on. - When will it be ready? - They're testing the Asgard hyperdrive. - When it checks out, she'll be good to go. - Hopefully we all get to go this time. Last time, they worried about spreading our resources. Now Anubis is gone, the replicators are gone. There's a few System Lords, but without the Jaffa armies, they've lost their power. Indeed. Carter. Yeah, hold on. It's for you. Hello. Yeah, hi. What? No, I was just talking to her last week. Yeah, I'll be there. Thank you. What is it? Catherine Langford died last night. Catherine Langford was more than just kind and generous. She had a gift... of an endless, open-minded, childlike curiosity. She saw the world, not for what it was, but for what it could be. And she saw potential in people that others failed to recognise. Like her father before her, her contributions to science have changed the world more than most people know. I, for one, have no idea where I would be today if I'd never met her. She changed my life in more ways than I ever could have imagined. Dr Jackson? - Hi. - Hi. - I'm Sabrina Gosling, Catherine's niece. - Oh, yes, of course. I just wanted to thank you for coming. And for speaking. I know she would have really appreciated it. No, it was an honour. You know, my aunt used to talk about you all the time. It's funny, I always used to picture some Indiana Jones type, with a bullwhip and a pistol, chasing bad guys through some ancient temple. Well, I generally leave the whip at home, so... Right. Me too. She wanted you to have this. No. You're family. You should keep that. She thought of you like a son. Thank you. There are a few other odds and ends she wanted me to give you, but I wasn't able to bring them today. Is there an address where I can send them? - Yeah, of course. - Great. - Jack. - Daniel. - What's goin' on? - Have you been shopping on line lately? - What you talking about? - You've got a little delivery. It's from Catherine's estate. Yeah, it looks like she sent the whole thing. Holy... buckets. Looks like her entire collection. I prefer stamps. Now, in addition, we discovered several grains of troilite. And a mesostasis phase which contained micrometer crystals. Hmm! It's undergoing testing, but we hope to have the results on your desk tomorrow. - Don't you keep me waiting! - No, sir. Here's where things get interesting, cos you will notice... Jack! We need to talk. Sorry for interrupting. No, it's OK. If it's important, you must interrupt. You must. - I think we may have found a ZPM. - Yes! Great stuff with the rocks. Go. Among the items Catherine left me, this one caught my attention. It's an original 1889 edition of The Eye of the Sun, the only one in known existence. It details customs and rituals observed by Ancient worshippers of the sun god, Ra. While I was flipping through the pages, I noticed this. - It appears to be a Zero Point Module. - Worshippers call it the "heart of light". This is a reproduction of a wall painting discovered by Germans in 1885. - It was later destroyed in a fire. - The ZPM was never found? No. We did a satellite sweep of the Gîza plateau, searching for an energy signature like the one given off by the ZPM we found near Teonas. Even if it's buried under dirt and rock, we should have detected it. We found nothing. I'm sorry, Daniel, but if it's there, it's probably been depleted. I don't think so. The text says it was a religious artefact, an icon. - It was never used as a power source. - It's possible Ra took the device with him. In which case, it could be anywhere by now. We don't know where it is now, but we do know where it was. Gîza, 3,000 BC. - You can't be serious. - What? - It's the only way. - What? - No, we agreed. - If I say "what" again, heads will roll. We have a time machine. We can go back and get the ZPM. She wouldn't let me go back and watch the Cubs win the World Series. This is a unique opportunity. Ra never knew what he had, which means we can go back and take it without affecting the time line. - Actually, he may be right. - You're on board with this? I'm not happy, but we don't have any historical evidence to show that any Goa'uld has ever used a ZPM. In which case, it wouldn't be missed. We'd have to be careful to minimise our interaction with the people of the period. Yeah, there's that. But I thought you said you couldn't get it to work. No one at Area 51 has been able to engage the time device. They've barely gotten the ship off the ground. But you were able to fly it. Indeed. You've demonstrated exceptional ability to control Ancient devices. With a fully functional ZPM, we could power Earth's defences and open up a wormhole to the Pegasus galaxy. Remember, Jack, 3,000 BC. After Sam hooks up the power, think about that date only. This thing's Ancient. How is it going to know from BC? Your mind is controlling it. It should be able to extrapolate from your concept of time. Shouldn't we test it on a slightly smaller leap, say, to 1908? Actually, sir, we determined from the data log that the technology only works in time jumps longer than a couple of hundred years. - I think that's it. - 3,000 BC. Any particular day of this century for you? - What happened? - I didn't feel anything. The time machine pulsed. Try the radio. Stargate Command, this is Daniel Jackson. Do you read? Stargate Command, this is Daniel Jackson. Come in, please. The stars are different. Earth was in a different orbit around the sun 5,000 years ago. I think we did it. Huh. I can't believe I'll get proof the pyramids predate the fourth dynasty. What will you do? Stand in the picture with a paper with today's date? This is an archaeologist's dream. I wanna get footage. Be careful. We're here for the ZPM. In and out. Minimal interaction, minimal impact. - No problem. - I mean it. All of you. Sir. - We got it. We got it. - You're gonna need this. We've determined that it remotely activates the ship's cloak. Nice. My Ancient Egyptian's rusty, but I got the gist of what they're saying. That's Katep and his brother Salatis. Hey, guys. They're going to the temple of Ra to make an offering. - Oh, there's timing. - Tomorrow. I told them we were travellers. They offered to put us up for the night. I was kind of hoping we wouldn't have to stay that long. I'm sorry. I keep thinking I'll step on a bug and change the future. We can't just walk into the temple unannounced. A public audience is the perfect way to get in. We'll just have to keep a low profile. Yes. But, more importantly, did they say what was for dinner? Kree, telok! Shal-tar! Vash-mal! Vash-mal jel-na. I don't think he was too impressed. Tana-akal maltar! Jaya-nok-shol! He says he will not tolerate such disrespect from his followers. - Sir. - If I do it, I won't have to in 5,000 years. You can't do that. There's no telling what effect it might have. Kree, ria-nok! It's gotta be some sort of treasure room. If the ZPM is anywhere, it'll be in there. You really think they're gonna let him just waltz in and take it? Like I said, they don't even know what a ZPM is. To them, it's like any number of ritualistic objects they pull out for any number of occasions. Besides, he's wearing the shiny suit. Good luck. - Come on, T. - We'd have heard if he was in trouble. Nice. - Oh, my God. - We got a little problem here. There must have been a sandstorm during the night. The Jaffa will call for reinforcements, if they have not already done so. - We must move quickly. - Sir, we can't. - We've taken on more Jaffa than that. - You know what I mean. This is the sort of high-impact event we're supposed to avoid. They have the ship. Will that not alter the future more than what we do? Not necessarily. They don't know what it is, and even if they did, they can't use it. None of them have the gene. Even Ra won't be able to work it. So what are we supposed to do? Nothing. - Nothing? - Well, close to it. No. Here's a better idea. We take back our ship. Sir, we kill those Jaffa, or worse, get captured, and we could alter the future immeasurably. If you're thinking we can go forward and then back again... Just a couple of days. Then we park it where nobody can find it. We alter this time line and the future is already different. We could set into motion a spiral of changes that we could never fix. We've already done too much. I'm sorry, sir, I should never have allowed us to do this. So what? We live out the rest of our lives here? We know there's a rebellion. The human slaves rise up, Ra abandons Earth. Daniel learned that on Abydos nine years ago. There is a chance that we can get the jumper back without creating too big a ripple in the events of this time line. - When does that happen? - I don't know. It could be years. - What? Years? - Sir, we don't have a choice. Carter, what about the ZPM? If we wait, we lose any chance of getting it back to our time. Preserving the time line is more important. For all you know, things could get better. Or they could be worse. We can't take that chance. I know a way we can get the ZPM back to our time, even if we don't. A month before I left, there was a dig that uncovered a tomb near Gîza. If we bury the ZPM in that tomb, let them find it, maybe our future selves won't have to take on this mission. That's bizarre, but it might work. Carter, a lot of good people died when Anubis attacked Earth. I don't think their families would mind if we fussed with the time line. Sir, I know this is hard for you, your instinct is to change things, but for once, it's exactly what we can't do. We have to let things play out exactly the way they're meant to. English is a complex language. A hybrid of many different influences, much like the culture it represents. To understand it is to gain an insight into that culture and the process of integration that created it. OK. Let's start with a simple greeting. The best way to interact with someone is to find a topic of common interest. Everyone can relate to the weather, so let's start with that, shall we? Introduce yourself and talk about the weather. Yes. Hello, my name is Carlos. You make me so hot. OK. Not quite right, but the introduction part was good. Daniel. Sorry to bother you, but there are some people here to see you. Excuse me for just one second. - What kind of people? - Air force people. This is totally unbelievable. You are a small and pathetic man. Those were my theories on spin wave technology and the effects of antigravity on electromagnetism, and you know it. Just because my reproductive organs are on the inside instead of the outside... God! That's horrible. Who would ever say that? Carter. - Who are you talking to? - No one. - Are you talking to yourself? - No. Have you proofread my review on the solid fuel rockets yet? I'm almost done. Good job. Thank you. Keep up the good work, Carter. You'll be moving up around here. Excuse me. Major Davis, United States Air Force. - Dr Hirschfield. - I know who you are. - What's this about? - A matter of national security. I'm afraid I'm not at liberty to discuss that here. Oh, of course, by all means. - We can talk privately in my office. - Oh, no. I'm not here to talk to you. I'd like to speak to Dr Carter. Me? - Colonel O'Neill. - Samuels. You looking to charter a boat for the day? No, sir. I've been sent by the Pentagon to escort you back to Washington. I could give a rat's butt. - It's a matter of national security, sir. - Find someone else. We can't. It has to be you. Now, if you'll allow me, I'll try and explain it on the way. Sammy, it just doesn't sound like fun. Oh, God. If you'll just wait here, General Hammond will be with you in a moment. - Hi. - Hi. - Dr Daniel Jackson. - Dr Samantha Carter. - Oh, PhD. - Oh, me too. Astrophysics. - Oh, Egyptology. - You happen to know why we're here? 5,000 years ago, maybe, but now, no. I was kind of hoping you did. Sorry. - I teach English as a second language. - Department of Aerospace. Oh. Not as an astronaut. No. I... I check other people's scientific reports for factual errors or omissions before they get sent up to the director. Interesting. Yeah. Not really. Dr Jackson, Dr Carter, I am General George Hammond. Please. - What's this? - Nondisclosure agreement. What we're about to discuss has been classified top secret by the government. - What if we don't wanna sign it? - Well, then you're free to leave. You have a background in archaeology. - Isn't that right? - That's right. But your theories failed to gain much acceptance among your colleagues. - You could say that. - Pyramids as landing pads for alien craft. I did not say that unequivocally. I put forth the possibility, based on the knowledge... It's all right, Doctor, you don't have to defend your theories here. A month ago, a team of archaeologists from the University of Chicago uncovered an ancient Egyptian tomb near Gîza. Inside, they found artefacts typical of the period, plus one or two objects that have yet to be identified, - and a video camera. - A video camera? It was perfectly preserved in a vacuum-sealed canopic jar. The technology is somewhat different to what is commercially available today, but we managed to charge the battery. However, we didn't bring you here because we found a camera. We brought you here because of what had been recorded on the tape in that camera. OK, I think it's ready. OK. My name is Dr Daniel Jackson. I'm part ofa team called SG-1. And we havejust travelled back in time 5,000 years. See, the thing is, we're not sure we're gonna make it back. The chamber where you found this tape should be discovered before we leave. Hopefully, the time line hasn't changed. Let's see. What are some recent events? Communism recently failed in Eastern Europe. They should be well on their way towards democracy. Henry Hayes is president. - Henry Hayes? - Secretary of the Interior. President Kinsey was less than amused when he saw that portion of the tape. Sam, help me out here. Samantha Carter. Lieutenant Colonel, US Air Force, and a member of SG-1. - We'll talk about the Stargate. - Oh, my God. - What's SG-1? - Watch. Carter and I work for Stargate Command. It is located under Cheyenne Mountain. For the past eight years, we've been travelling through a large ring-shaped device, known as the Stargate. It should have been discovered in 1928 near where this tape was found. By means ofthese offworld missions, we've acquired advanced technology, which has helped us defend Earth against several alien attacks. Ifthe things we're talking about are not true, then it is possible that we have somehow changed the future. The purpose ofthis is to provide you with the tools to go back and set things right. Ifthe Stargate has not been discovered, you'll have to find it and get it running. - Jack, say something. - No, I'm good. - We should all appear on the tape. - We don't know ifthings have changed. Uh... General Jack O'Neill, United States Air Force. How are ya doin'? Tell them about the future. College football is played on Saturdays, pro on Sundays. And there are no fish in my pond... at all, where I fish. I think that covers it for me. - Did he say "Stargate"? - Time travel? - What else did the tape say? - Details of the Stargate, SG-1, including a fourth member, who appears to be some kind of humanoid alien. Are you telling us that, in some alternate time line, we're part of a team that travels to other planets and defends Earth against alien invasions? I know. It seems difficult to believe. What about the Stargate? Did you look for it? We searched the coordinates provided on the tape, but didn't find anything. The area had already been excavated previously in 1934 by a Dr Langford. We found nothing but a tablet inscribed with hieroglyphics that no one has ever been able to translate. We were wondering if you'd like to take a crack at it. Are you kidding? Hey. Hi. So... - What do you think of all this? - To be honest, I don't know what to think. - It's pretty overwhelming. - Yeah. Time travel is theoretically possible. There's been research in quantum gravity, which suggests that time flows like rotating fluid within our galaxy, technically allowing the traveller to journey back and forth at will, but there's a huge amount of energy required. Actually, I was talking about us. The other us. I guess we could call it "the us we're supposed to be". Didn't you always think you were destined for something more? Something a lot more fulfilling than a nine-to-five desk job. - I suppose. - I just always felt like my life was wrong. Well, life is what you make it, for better or worse. Look at this as a way to change everything. If we help them find this Stargate... What do you think they're gonna do? Ask us to join an elite team of intergalactic space heroes? Look at us. The only reason that they showed us the tape is because we're on it. Exactly. Oh. That's the gate dialling system, point oforigin, the address to Chulak, and the home address. What else? Oh, right. OK. Now, this is very important. It's called a ZPM. Zero... Daniel Jackson. I believe the battery is about to expire. This is called a Zero Point Module, and its purpose... How's that for timing? This ZPM was recovered with the tape? Yes, we have a team of scientists studying it as we speak. - How's the translation coming? - Oh, whoa... It's obscure dialect. I can see why your experts had trouble. But? But it's almost as if the person who chiselled this tablet knew my research. In 2995 BC, about five years after the team arrived in the past, there was an uprising. The Egyptians rebelled against the sun god, Ra, or an impostor. Apparently, whoever this impostor was, he left in a great flying ship - and took the Stargate. - That is unfortunate. The tablet refers to a location where there might be a second Stargate on Earth. Where? I'm still working on that. Thank you, Doctor. I look forward to your report. General. If it's all right with you, I'd like to join the expedition to find the second gate. - They're gonna shut us out. - I can't say I'm surprised. I haven't finished the entire translation, which means we still have some leverage. What else does it say? It says the second Stargate is somewhere in Antarctica. - Somewhere in Antarctica? - It doesn't even say that. It says "the land of cold to the south", which, I guess, means Antarctica. It's a big place. Lots of ice. Whoever wrote the tablet couldn't explain latitude and longitude in hieroglyphs. At least you're still useful to them. I don't know why they're keeping me around. I'm not gonna let them shut you out either. We're supposed to be a team. We have to stick together. That's nice. Really. Yeah. We need someone who's willing to go to bat for us. Someone they can't say no to. Agh! Damn! - You folks looking for a little tour? - Jack O'Neill? Yeah. Uh... I'm Daniel Jackson. This is Samantha Carter. - You two a couple? - No, no, no. We just met. What do you want? Well... We were recently approached by the military about a... a matter of... - national security. - Don't care. This is really important. All we're asking is a little bit of your time. 150 bucks an hour to rent the boat. - We don't wanna go anywhere. - It's your money. What we have to do is find the Stargate, then get hold of this time travel device. - Locate this alien named Teal'c. - Get Teal'c first, then go back in time to... change the past, fix the future. - Are you listening? - I was trying not to. - I suppose it does sound a little crazy. - Really? Which part? I'd have to say the moment I let you on board. You don't have to believe us. All we ask is that you watch the tape and decide for yourself. You know, I have decided - and hey, look, your time's up. Aren't you the least bit intrigued that there might be something else out there? Something more than this? No. We're supposed to be a team. We save the world. - Several times. - Yeah, OK. Sure. I buy that. Uh-huh. The three of us. The world, we save it. Great. OK. I can't believe I wasted my Frequent Flier miles on this. - Sorry to bother you. - Not a problem. Ah-ah. No worries, eh? Do you have any idea what's going on? - Dr Carter, Dr Jackson. - Major, what's this about? - Did you find the second Stargate? - No, but we'll show you something else. Airmen. Whoa. We think this was the ship SG-1 used to travel back in time. - Where did you find it? - It was uncovered during an excavation of the area around the tomb where the tape was found. Please. This is incredible. - Is it operational? - Not yet. According to the tape, Jack O'Neill has a special gene that enables him to fly this. These are constellations. The tape said this was able to go through the Stargate, as well as time travel. So this must be what dials the gate. Don't touch anything. Please. Leave the touching to the experts. Dr Rodney McKay is the lead scientist on the project. - Hi. - This is Dr Carter. Dr Jackson. Pleased to meet you. We're hoping they may be of assistance to you. Yes. Well. Thank you. I'll leave you to it, then. So, did you dial the Stargate address that the Daniel Jackson on the tape mentions? No. Why would we do that? - Well, just to see... - Of course we tried. It's called sarcasm. We tried numerous times, nothing happened. - Did you try any other combinations? - I'm sorry. What are your areas of expertise? - Astrophysics. - Archaeology. And I would listen to you because...? - We're on the tape. - You I would listen to - if you were reading a phone book. - Oh, brother. You see, I love this whole sexy librarian thing. Why don't I take you to lunch, get you up to speed? I hear it's lemon chicken today. My favourite. Got a lot to talk about. Daniel! - Is he behind me? - Who? McKay. Thank God. I think I lost him. The guy is driving me nuts. Any progress with the ship? The technology is way beyond us. - But I do have something. It could be big. - What? Remember how McKay said they dialled the address and nothing happened? - Yeah. - I started thinking. Nothing happened here. - What have you got? - We're waiting to see General Hammond. He's busy. Why don't you tell me? I'll decide if it's worth interrupting him. I cross-referenced our attempts to dial the gate with some recent seismic activity in Antarctica. They're a perfect match. The epicentre in all eight cases was exactly the same. Approximately 50 miles outside of Mcmurdo. That... is where you'll find your second gate. Worth it. Excuse me. General, you wanted to see us. It was exactly where you said it would be. - Good work. - Thank you, sir. I want you both to know that your help on this project was most appreciated. Your country owes you a debt of gratitude. - But we're not done yet. - Actually, we're not done. You two, however, have a plane waiting to take you home. I'm sure I don't need to remind you of the nondisclosure agreement. Wait a minute. - You're sending a team through the gate? - We're assembling a team now. You saw the tape. We are that team. If anybody should go, it's us. I'm sorry, Dr Jackson, but neither you nor Dr Carter possess the training or qualifications for this mission.