What if the world needs saving? If the world needs saving, I will be there to do what I can. The bracelets create a physiological bond between the wearers. - They were used by the Goa'uld. - Jackson. Jackson? You were completely unresponsive when we brought you in, but your condition suddenly improved when she came back. Miss me? Who's that? A gentleman who claims that he represents some Gods called the Ori.</i> There are as many humans out there as there are Jaffa.</i> If we don't continue to work together, the victory we worked so long and hard for, could result in chaos.</i> - You show no fear Latal. - He is one man. What is there to fear? He promised retribution if we did not bow to their Gods upon his return. The Jaffa have shed too much blood to replace one false God with another. We have made our decision and we will tell him. Have you come alone? The Ori are with me always. You have read from the book of Origin. We have. What say you to the promise of the Ori? We will hear no more of false Gods. Go now and we will spare your life. You speak for all? We do. One way or another, this world will serve their purpose! Jaffa! Thank blessing the glory of the Ori... Thank to the Ori... Season 9 - Episode 6 Beachhead Unscheduled offworld activation! What have we got, Chief? Receiving a message Sir. It's text only. It's in Goa'uld. None of you folks read Goa'uld, do you? You boys aren't going to let people from two different planets beat you at your own silly game are you? This silly game isn't over yet. That's my wingman. You need a new wingman. I'm gonna kick your ass! Promises, promises. As you were, Colonel. Actually, I was looking for Teal'c. We received a communiqué from a Goa'uld named Nerus. Ring any bells? I am aware of his identity. He was a minor Goa'uld who served Baal for many centuries. What can you tell me about him? Honestly, you don't want to know. Honestly, I do. Why? What do you say we go with the idea that I'm in charge and I've asked a simple question? Nerus defines avarice and gluttony. Simple answer? He is a Goa'uld known for his many... appetites. He's also known as an inventor responsible for a host of Goa'uld technologies. Really? That's when I started paying attention to him, too. Weird as it sounds, he's offering to work for us. Nerus is not to be trusted. Funny. He had nice things to say about you. No, he really did. He said some very nice things. "I would consider it a great honour to meet the heroes of the Tau'ri, who brought the Goa'uld to their knees."</i> - Yeah, it is nice. - No, he's disgusting. You can't honestly open the doors to a pathetic, minor Goa'uld, posing as one of the big boys. Well at least promise me you're intending on torturing him. We're setting him up in the VIP suite. - No? - Yes. - Sir, if you don't mind my asking... - Why? - Yeah. Well, according to his communiqué, he's in possession of military intelligence of the utmost urgency. Sounded like it was worth a listen. Still, why throw in with us? Why not stay with Baal or work for some other Goa'uld? Well, look at it in terms of optics. We must look like major players now. By defeating Anubis. Most of the System Lords were killed by the Replicators, then we defeated the Replicators. Wow, we look cool. Don't let it go to your head. Have you seen this list of dietary requirements? Already taken care of. Ripened Traquil eggs? We got eggs. I don't know if they're ripe or not. SG-3 is with him on a neutral planet, doing a security check as we speak. As soon as they give the green light, I want you to... Offworld activation! Speak of the devil. - He's clean Sir. - Thank you Sergeant, we'll take it from here. Hello, I am Nerus. Major General Hank Landry. I'm in command of Stargate... Yes, I'm sure you're a very important person and you had very important reasons for subjecting me to your security precautions. But to meet you. To look upon the face of the one. - The one what? - The one who inspired a great uprising of course. Now the time of false Gods is at an end and no small part because of this man! Doctor Daniel Jackson! It is rumoured among the Goa'uld, that you alone defeated Anubis. Is that true? - Where'd you hear that? - Oh, I hear everything. Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell. Leader of SG-1. But you, you're not... No. - Will he be here? - Nope! And you're not even Colonel Carter, are you? This isn't at all the way I imagined that will be. Nerus, if you'd follow me to our Briefing Room. We have much to discuss. Yes, yes. But first I must have sustenance. - Have you met all my dietary requirements? - As much as humanly possible. Good, good, because I'm positively famished. No seeds! How is that possible? It's a state secret, but we're willing to negotiate. That's impossible, but delicious. Still... Still we have important matters to discuss, don't we? Your voice... just changed. Oh, we don't have to talk that way. This is a device that I invented. What you're about to see, occurred nearly two days ago. Now the free Jaffa who claim this planet called Kallana... What was that? The formation of an extremely large forcefield around the planet's Stargate. Brilliant. And you're sharing this information with us, because? Why are you so surprised? We joined forces to destroy the Replicators. I have no recollection of your participation. Teal'c. You wound me. I was the one who figured out how to activate all the Stargates in the galaxy at once! Didn't Ba'al mention that to you? That is so like him. Isn't it though? That's alright. Your adversaries call themselves the Ori. We know all about the Ori. Yes, well thus far I detect only a single individual, no doubt a Prior, inside the forcefield, but... It is expanding. Then it will soon be able to accomodate entire armies. Yes, and further more, the Stargate itself has not shut down since it opened. Wait a minute. You say this happened two days ago? Yes. 38 minutes is the maximum time a Stargate can stay open. That's a law of wormhole physics. Not according to the Ori. Which means they have a power source which can indefinitely maintain a wormhole from another galaxy, plus this forcefield. A ZPM can't even do that. How to do battle with an enemy so powerful? With my help? Every forcefield has a weakness and I'm confident that I shall find it. Sir, if this intel is correct, it represents a complete change of tactics. We'll have to respond. I agree, Colonel. But if this Kallana is a Jaffa world, I'm not sure how this is our fight. Not your fight? You engineered the downfall of the Goa'uld. This is very much a galaxy of your own making... General. And you must take responsibility. What would you have us do? Attack them as quickly as possible with as much force as you can bring to bear. This is nothing short of an invasion, General. Like it or not, you're in a state of war. Jack, Jack. Jack, she practically invented the Mark 9 and you're the one who thinks we should use the damn thing. Why are you wasting valuable time saying no? I've read enough of your SG-1 mission reports to know that there were times when no-one else but Samantha Carter could have pulled your ass out of the fire. Well this is one of those ti... Reporting as ordered, Sir. Yeah. She's standing right here. You're a funny man, Jack. Very funny. Chevron 4 encoded. I promise you he's lying. - Oh, which part? - All of it. Chevron 5 encoded. Yet we have been unable to dial the coordinates to Kallana despite several attempts. Goa'uld don't do anything for anyone, other than themselves. Chevron 6 encoded. Maybe it's in his own interests to stop the Ori. Chevron 7 still will not lock. Alright, we've tried that long enough. Colonel Carter? We've revised the original plans slightly, to expedite matters. The Prometheus is en route and will rendez-vous with us at P4C-452. We'll proceed to Kallana from there. Now considering their unique ability to maintain an active Stargate indefinitely and their forcefield capabilities, the President has authorised any and all means, to complete the mission. Oh boy. And here I was trying to have a nuke free career. We've been developing something at Area 51, that General O'Neill believes will be our best chance to stop them, right here, right now. But you don't agree. I agree we have to try. I just don't think it'll be enough. It's what we've got. Questions? No Sir. Still no response from the Jaffa council? None as of yet. Well, we can't wait for Gerak. We proceed as planned. Chief, dial the Gate! - Yes Sir. - Move out! Well, temporary or not, it's good to have you back. How good is this? We've got the band back together. You sure with the extra backup singer? Ah, she's good fun. Plus, we figured if Jackson were to... - Die. - Yeah, that's the word. It would jeopardise the mission. Well when we spoke a couple of weeks ago, you said you thought the effects of the bracelets was wearing off. I was. I just didn't want to put it to a test from the other side of the galaxy, so... Wow! Just dying to get rid of me now, aren't you? No! I'm not dying... Oh no, I know I'm not welcome here. Despite all my efforts to try fit into your good stargating club, you can all rest assured, that as soon as I can safely part Daniel's company without killing the both of us, I will. Oh, and you! You will wish you'd listened to me when I said, letting the Goa'uld come here was a mistake! Get to it and good luck! Alright, let's do this. Request permission to come aboard! Shaft! Welcome back to the Prometheus. Thank you Colonel. Shaft? My call sign. Cam... Shaft. Yeah. Disappointing, isn't it? Flight Deck, this is Pendergast. SG-1 is aboard. Engage hyperdrive and proceed to Kallana at best possible speed. Is the Mark 9 ready to go? Standing by for your systems check, I hear you're in a hurry. You heard correctly. What is a Mark 9, exactly? It's also known as a Gate buster. Sounds big. Some might say, too big. Really? I've always thought there's no such thing. Vala this is a military vessel? I know darling, I've stolen it before. Just try to be... My charming self? Let's see, a little less talk a little more, shut the hell up. General! Join me for a glass of wine! It's from a place called France. I'm on duty. What is this? This is exquisite. What is it? Chicken! Chicken? It's a rare delicacy among our people. It's exquisite. I want more chicken! More chicken! I'll try to pull some strings. Nerus, this arrangement is only going to work if you actually do something to help with this problem. I was working. I was deep in thought when you walked in. Yeah, I could see that. You don't trust me! Course I don't trust you. Now. Here's the latest transmission from my satellite. As you can see, the forcefield continues to expand in phases and as it does so, it weakens considerably. Enough to penetrate with our beaming technology? Yes, with those nuclear devices that you were talking about. Or SG-1. They could talk to this Prior, face to face. Why would they do that? We resort to force, only when necessary. Oh, I assure you, it will be. It will be, General. And, and, and with the most powerful weapons in your arsenal. I'll forward this new information, directly to Prometheus, and, I'll see if I can arrange some more chicken. Do! Sir, we received an encrypted databurst from Stargate Command the moment we came out of hyperspace. Decode it immediately. Are we picking up any other vessels in the system? Negative Sir. Can we get a closer look at the surface? You can already see the extent of the incursion with the naked eye. My God, it's enormous! Not everything I see is in the window. We can all see, thank you. It's increased by almost 900% since our original intel. What of the Jaffa, Colonel Carter? I'm sorry Teal'c. I'm not detecting any lifesigns outside of the forcefield. - Inside? - Just one. Prior. I don't know how he's managing it. According to these readings, the atmosphere inside the field has become toxic. Probably as a result of the Jaffa weapon's fire on the forcefield. Send a subspace message to Stargate Command. We are over the enemy beachhead. You do realise that no matter how nicely we ask them, they're not all that likely to stop. Then why are we going down there? Well you're going cos' I'm going. And we're going because we have orders. Thanks to Nerus. Doesn't that alarm anyone? Well, our government believes we need to send the Ori a message. Indeed. The Ori need to be made aware of they are not welcome. Well some of you are certainly expert in getting that message across. SG-1 this is the Flight Deck. My people are projecting an expansion phase to occur anytime in the next few minutes. Understood. If Nerus is correct, we should be able to punch through with a transport beam. And if not? Then we're all dressed up with nowhere to go. Your return window will be roughly 16 seconds, once on the surface. After which time, you'll be committed until the next expansion phase in about half an hour. I'll be monitoring from the bridge. Thanks. Let's do this. Stand by mode in 3, 2, 1, mark. Good luck. Set. The weapon is now in mode 2. We are good till the next window. How can he breathe? Perhaps he has a personal shield of some kind. Yo! - My name is Lt Col Cameron Mit... - I know who you are. Yeah, he just told you his name. I also know you will do everything in your power to stop us. Obvious. You will fail. The Ori are more powerful than you. Here's the thing. We're not here to talk to you. We want to talk to the guys you take orders from. The Ori are all seeing. Great! In that case, we have in our possession, a Mark 9, Naquadriah enhanced nuclear warhead, which was designed solely for the purpose of vapourising Stargates and anything else in a 100 mile radius. If you attempt to disable this warhead, physically, electronically or otherwise, it will result in an immediate detonation. Now we have a number of these god-awful things at our disposal and we will not hesitate to use them if necessary. If you do not disengage the Stargate within 30 of our Earth minutes, we will shut down the Gate for you. Go ahead. We know who and what you are and want no part of what you have to offer. If you attempt this on any other planet in this galaxy, we will find you and we will fight you. That's it? I just gave him 30 minutes. 29 minutes. - Earth minutes? - Yeah, I've always wanted to say that. Well, now you have. Sure hope they shut down that Gate before we have to set this thing off. That would appear to be highly unlikely, Colonel Mitchell. I know! It's naive, even for you. Detonating the largest warhead ever built by man is not exactly the historical footbump that I had in mind. Not to mention the guilt you're gonna feel for vapourising a perfectly good Gtargate. And that guy. Ah, he's probably looking forward to it. Hey Prior! You understand that you're within a 100 mile radius and that personal shield ain't gonna help you. Death is only the beginning of the real journey. Sounds familiar. It should sound familiar, Doctor Jackson. When I die, I will ascend. It is the promise of the Ori. Even if you fail your task? What the hell is that? Lieutenant? There was no warning sir. They started firing, the second they came out of hyperspace.</i> It's damn fortunate they're not firing at us. Open communications.</i> To Jaffa vessels, this is the Earth ship Prometheus. We request that you hold your fire we have people down there! I repeat! SG-1 is on the planet attempting to negotiate an Ori withdrawal. Cease fire now! The forcefield is being fired upon by Hatak vessels. Why are they doing that? Can we get them to stop doing that? Oh, this could be bad. The Mark 9's fuse in mode 2 is a wee bit twitchy. You mean, it could go off? Yeah. They stopped firing. Sir? The forcefield is entering an expansion phase ahead of predicted time. This is Pendergast. I want SG-1 brought back onboard as soon as we can beam them through the forcefield. SG-1. Prepare for immediate extraction. The weapon is now in mode 1. Prometheus, we are ready to beam up. Prior! Last chance! I am Gerak, of the free Jaffa. Why have you come here? It's an honour to speak with you Sir. My name is Lt. Col. Samantha Carter. By insisting that we cease fire on the enemy stronghold and you've allowed it to expand even further and we've lost the element of surprise. And quite possibly saved the lives of SG-1. I ask you again. Why have you come to this world? We have reason to believe that the Ori are attempting to use this planet to stage a full scale invasion. And you hope to repel this invasion with words? There is more to this. Words are often the most powerful weapon of all Gerak. The old ways will not stop an adversary as powerful as the Ori. So you said in your message to the High Council, Teal'c. To which we received no response. We had no choice but to act on the information we had. And how is it that the Tau'ri received this information even before the Council? How we got this information is not important. What is important is that we stand together as allies, in the face of our common enemy. You said you've come to fight. We have! I dispatched a scout in a cloaked cargo ship. He tells me you have done nothing! We're sending the Ori a message which they should receive in about ten seconds. Shields to maximum! Gerak, I suggest you give the same order aboard your ships. There will be a blast wave. Jaffa! Five seconds. Sir, the forcefield went into another expansion phase just as the bomb detonated. And it's a big one. What is happening? The forcefield continues to expand. - It isn't supposed to be doing that? - No.</i> - Why is it doing that? -  I don't know. - What are you gonna do about it? -  Will you shut up? That was a multi gigatonne detonation. There's just no way. Maybe the Gate was destroyed. No. If the field is still expanding, the Gate still has to be active. The environment inside the field has been turned into super heated plasma. Makes it impossible to get a reliable reading. And this is your message to the Ori? Pithy, wasn't it? We struck the enemy with our most powerful weapon. And yet their forcefield grows. That was not our intention. Their beachhead must be destroyed. If you are truly our ally, you will join us in this attack. If you do not, your ship will become our next target. The detonation did weaken the forcefield Our combined weapons fire might just finish the job. If it is not, we will soon be engaged in battle with Gerak's forces. We just don't have enough information. Until I can explain how they're keeping the Gate open or powering a forcefield this large. It's your call. I say we run away and rethink the whole thing. Open up with everything we've got. Bring the main rail gun online. Commence firing. Launch missiles. Is the fire having any effect? Forcefield is definitely losing strength. But it's still expanding at a faster rate than it's weakening. It's almost enveloped the entire planet. What happens then? Dammit! - What? - What? Colonel, we need to cease fire now! Now! Do it! The greater the intensity of our weapons fire, the greater and more frequent their expansion phase is. There is a direct correlation. They're using the energy of our own weapons to build their beachhead. You mean they planned this? There's no way to project the necessary power through a Stargate, across galaxies. So they designed a forcefield that could be powered by our own weapons. The Ori knew the Jaffa on Kallana would defend their homeworld and others would follow. And Nerus made certain we'd join in. Which means he's working for the Ori. The Mark 9 gave them almost 70 % of the power they needed to envelop the entire planet. Oh yeah, we've been set up. What a complete shock! I won't say another word. Gerak's forces must also cease fire. Open communications. Too late. I'm reading activity on the surface. We've got incoming. Three objects and counting. Bearing 180. Rising from the planet's surface from the coordinates of the Stargate and accelerating. Shields to maximum Why have you ceased fire? We have reason to believe our weapons may power the enemy forcefield. Impossible! Well that's what I thought, but it's the only explanation. Gerak, they used both of us! Multiple contacts on multiple bearings, Sir. What the hell are they? They're about ten metres long. But censors read no internal space, no lifesigns aboard. Rear guns to defensive fire mode! Stand by to launch fighters. One of them is on a collision course. I can confirm that. 1000 metres. 500. Sublight engines to emergency thrust. Brace for impact! Damage report! There's a hull breach on the hangar deck. Shields are down to 20%. Return fire. All positions. Sensors are down. Take us out of orbit. We can't stay here. I wanna know what you sent my people into. General, I've been expecting you. You know these eggs, they're not properly ripe. I asked you a question! Sergeant! They say all good meals come to an end. I assume General, that by now, SG-1 has reported that the Ori, the closest thing to true Gods in the entire universe, have successfully established a permanent foothold. What did you do? Oh, it's not what I did, General. What I have done pales in comparison to your contribution. And by now, the forcefield has almost entirely enveloped the planet. Which makes them unstoppable. And we couldn't have done it without you. Two of my ships have been destroyed and my own flagship has been damaged.</i> We must withdraw. We too have suffered damage, Gerak, but the battle is not yet over.</i> Our sensors tell us that the planet has begun to collapse. I cannot tell you to what extent. If you choose to remain to find out, know that your actions will be watched. Hey! We're on the same side here! We shall see. What is he talking about? He's leaving. We've got the sensors back up, but we're gonna have to get closer to the planet to find out. Right, bring us about. Take us back into the system. OK, I've got a fix on the planet. Looks like Gerak was right. According to the sensors, its diameter has decreased by 16%. Planet's don't shrink, in my experience. Uh, there's something else. What is that? A ship? It's hard to say. Whatever it is, I think it's composed of the objects that came through the Stargate. - Doesn't that look an awful lot like a... - Yeah, it does. In fact, I think that's just what it is. No, it can't be, cos I was gonna say, Stargate. Try supergate. I estimate it's 3 to 400 metres across. Large enough for passage of an entire Armada. It's incomplete. There's still time. Time? Time to do what? What everything we've done has just made things worse. The planet's diameter has now decreased by up to 50% and it's accelerating rapidly. I think I know why. Only one thing in the universe could power a Gate that size. It's also the only thing that would allow them to keep the Gate open this long. And there's one on the other end. A black hole. That's what the forcefield was for. It wasn't mean't to keep us out, it was designed to collapse the planet into one micro singularity. Why? Well, this is how they can create a wormhole that can span such a vast distance. With a black hole at either end they can maintain an open wormhole indefinitely. Fine, fine. How do we stop it? I have an idea. If we could... The next idea that anybody comes up with, has to be outside the box! OK, the Gate is composed of individual blocks. There must be some sort of energy link between them. Like... like a chain. Exactly! So we... So we need a big ole set of bolt cutters. Too far outside the box. Get closer to the box! Planetary collapse is speeding up exponentially. I estimate singularity formation is minutes away and there will be a significant shockwave. Whatever we're gonna do, we have to do it now. Sir? Somebody just activated the ring transporter. What? Oh no. Don't leave without me. Vala! Where the hell are you? You care now! Vala! I'm aboard the cloaked cargo ship that Gerak left behind to watch us. How did you find it? Good guess? Look, the tones are set a certain way. Rings seek out the nearest set, which happen to be aboard this cargo ship, cloaked or not. What are you doing? Trying to help, Daniel. Someone had to do something and you wouldn't listen.</i> Actually, I got the idea from Colonel Carter. The objects are being held in some sort of energy field</i> like links in a chain and I intend to take the place of the last link. Vala, when that singularity forms, there will be a powerful shockwave. The cargo ship won't survive. I'm counting on it. I'll ring back before it hits. Then you can all thank me immensely. Shields to maximum. She's running out of time. Alright. It's working. She disrupted the energy field holding the objects in place. The singularity is forming. She did it. The Gate's been destroyed. Did Vala make it back onboard? Negative Sir. Jackson! Infirmary Get a message to Stargate Command. The Ori beachhead has been destroyed. There's still time to repent, General. The Ori are forgiving. That won't be necessary. SG-1 has destroyed the Ori beachhead. You're lying. I'm not. I witnessed their power, General. Power that will one day be mine. And if what you say is true, you have merely forestalled the inevitable. And when you put me to death for what I have done, I shall ascend. No, you will descend to a small dark room in the basement of Area 51 and you'll stay there till you come up with a defence against the Ori. That was our deal. What would possibly compel me to do that? Hunger. You know, these Ori are just going to try it again. Probably. Sam, I could sure use someone like you on the front line. Just think about it. Hey, Jackson! Sorry, I keep falling asleep. Well, it's better than the alternative. You're lucky the bracelet's affect was wearing off. Yeah, lucky me. Vala Mal Doran will be mourned. I've been going over the telemetry from the last few seconds before the formation of the singularity. A matter stream left the cargo ship just before it exploded. There's at least a slight chance that it was pulled into the singularity. So you're saying she could be alive,