to have that sort of relationship with a group of people that are as great as this group of people, it's so fortunate. To be on a show like Stargate that's really kept its level of commitment to turning out a good product, but also to having fun and laughing in the work environment every day, is just phenomenal. As we go through the seventh year, we laugh even harder and have more fun than we ever have. So it's been a very unique experience. Do not hold back. You will only anger me further. Well, the relationships that we have between the cast... Basically we're one great, big, dysfunctional family. We've all kinda learned each other's isms and quirks, and have found that, rather than trying to make each other feel better, that it's much better just to laugh at each other. Will someone tell Rick he's not really dead? He can move now. He's a Method guy. That's how we make it through each day, with Rick and his love of irreverence. Rick and I actually didn't really speak to each other for two years. We're both very alpha male. And then when Rick's child was born I can remember being in the circus and we were talking about it and I related to him my own experiences with the birth of my children, and by the end of it we were both crying like babies. And that was really the genesis of our true friendship. It took it out of the workplace and we actually became friends. And Michael Shanks and I, we've had this bond from the very beginning. The cat is the most "cassionate" - that means he's passionate, but for cash. That makes you "cassionate". No, this dude can see the good side of anything, can see the positive side of anything, as long as it doesn't involve him because he needs to be angry about something. We got into some really entertaining shouting matches early on. Through the years we've come to know each other extremely well and he's just one of my best friends, really. Amanda Tapping, she really lives her life through her character, actually. - He thinks he knows how to act. - No theatre. Real actors make no money. You can cut that part, right? No, Amanda's like everybody's sister. She's just a joy to be around every day. She's always making sure that everyone's OK, doing well, everything's fine at home. She just takes it upon herself to make sure that everything is smooth every day, and that's invaluable. Don Davis is nuts. He's crazy, but he's also one of the most kind-hearted, gentle souls I've ever met. But, you know, it's everybody on the cast. We are truly just a big, happy family. We know each other's kids, parents, wives, husbands, boyfriends, whatever. That just makes it one big, cohesive unit. Cos we spend more time with each other than with our significant others at home. And that's another reason that the seven years have been so remarkable, because of the general happiness that is pervasive through the set on a daily basis. Join me beyond the gate. Join me beyond the gate. Join me beyond... the gate. I have this sickness, this terminal sickness, called golf. And a lot of the crew plays, a lot of our producers play. If there's been a big tournament on at the weekend, all filming will stop till we talk about all the good shots and bad shots, who did what and da-da-da, then talk about each other's rounds and how everybody played on the weekend. It's fun cos there's a lot of good-natured ribbing that goes on, and everybody's true sense of competitiveness... But also you can really see how much everybody really enjoys each other. You take a Saturday or Sunday - you're usually through in the morning, so we can get back to our families - but we take that time and we go and play golf together and it's a real hoot. But what I really like is taking money away from the big guys, like Brad. I'm better than Brad. And Coop - I'm better than Coop. Greenburg - I'm better than Monty. Better. Get in the hole, baby. I hate to say. Maybe this might cost me my job, I don't know. I am killing this course. This course has got my name all over it. Cos you have to allow them their ego. I'm in the limelight, I'm the one that's on TV, so for a little while I had to just let them beat me for a while. I'm playing with the producers. I'm about to take the rich guys for some money. I am the worst golfer out there though. There's none of that one-upmanship, so I just had to smooth everything out cos that's how I am. I had to make it look like I shanked the ball a lot, or hit the ball wide left and right. I had to make it look like that, but, little do they know, I was doing that for their benefit. I suffered the slings and arrows for them cos that's just what kinda cat I am. I'm off track again. I've actually written for a very long time. Even in the early days I talked about writing an episode, but it's tough for writers and producers to take you seriously when you show up for work late every day for three years. So I think the first step was that I had to show them that I was serious about it, which meant kinda cleaning up my entire act and showing them that I was serious about being here and being around. Brad Wright gave me my first opportunity to actually write a story for "The Warrior". So I pitched the story and then wrote the story, then the teleplay was given to Peter DeLuise. One of our two most prolific directors. Initially Pete and I were gonna collaborate on the teleplay and then Pete realised he'd have to split the teleplay money with me, so Pete didn't return my calls until he was done. So I've still got a little thing with DeLuise over that, but, you know, you got me. You got me. You made all the money. That's all right. My name was still on the cover. "Story by", but... So the following year I had actually been working with Brad on a pitch, and we were just having a few problems kind of tying all the elements of the story together to turn into the teleplay. And I thought of a completely different story on the way upstairs to his office. I knew that he would spoon-feed me the script, so after the outline phase, I asked him if I could just write the script from there. The reason I did that was cos I wanted a true assessment of my writing abilities. And Brad said "Fine." So I emailed the script to Brad and I emailed the script to Martin Wood, who was gonna be directing it. Anyway, that story was "The Changeling". OK, Probie. Get ready to get your feet wet. The genesis of it was "What if Teal'c was a normal guy? How would that play out?" And that was the seed of the story. I was just so proud to be part of that process. Everybody outta there/ T, get your ass outta there. That's an order. Agh/ - Save yourself. - I'm getting you out, old man. Teal'c/ - Get a medical team down here, now. - Yes, ma'am. Then I was allowed to write another episode, season seven, and got to work with Robert Cooper, who I also enjoy immensely. And that was for "Birthright". "Birthright" was the original story that I had been working with Brad on. And then we were able to get Jolene Blalock to play the lead, and it really just turned out fantastically. Do not make this mistake. Moloc will not allow this to continue. - You give me no choice. - How many warriors have to die? Our sisters in your care will be returned safely, or the two of you will be sacrificed. Kree, sha Mel lak/ Maybe I could put pen to paper for an episode or two if there's a spin-off. That would be a great boon to my writing career. Fo' shizzle my nizzle. Part of what has really made Stargate so great over the years is just the absolute... - Welcome to Stargate. ...crazy support of the fans. It's really heart-warming and we love you, guys, and thank you so much. But, ladies, you gotta stop sending me underwear. All right? But really we want to thank you all for seven great years of love and support. We'll keep puttin' 'em out there. Thanks for watching "Beyond the Gate". We're about to wrap up year seven, so we are going full speed ahead on year eight. We'll see you then... Well, we won't really see you, but you'll see us. Hey! Hey, Bobby. Janice, what's up, girl? How you doin'? What's up, Lizzie?