I doubt they survived. There should be an indication somewhere about how long ago they crashed. Sir, these people are alive. At least, they're in some form of cryogenic sleep. Any civilisation without faster-than-light technology would resort to this to cross the vast distances between stars. Otherwise, it'd take an entire generation, and given the effects... We've got a shipload of frozen people. That would be the more succinct way of putting it. Their current states probably protected them from the impact. How many do you think there are? From the configuration of the ship's exterior, four sections of varying size. We'll do a quick head count, see what we're dealing with, then call for support. Carter, Teal'c, you pair up. Daniel and I will start in this compartment. Yes, sir. Five. Six. 105. Jack! O'Neill? Major Carter? Daniel Jackson, respond. O'Neill. Major Carter. Daniel Jackson. It's SG-4's IDC, sir. They're signalling that they've got SG-1. Defence and medical team, stand by. Open the iris. - What have we got? - Both unconscious, but stable. Get them to the infirmary and maintain security protocols. Daniel? I have to go back. I have to go back. I have to go back. I have to go back to the ship! - No! No! - Daniel. Daniel... It's OK. Don't be afraid. Sergeants! It's OK. Who are you? What is this place? Notify me the moment they regain consciousness. Who is responsible for this? I demand to know why this has happened! Why am I a prisoner? Those may be removed when you calm down. Calm? How do you expect me to be calm? I was made promises that nothing could go wrong. All right, let's start there. Tell me what has gone wrong. What has gone wrong. What has gone wrong. Well, this is not the Stromos, you are not a member of my staff, and that is not me! All right, listen carefully. We did not do this. We're in the dark about what has happened as much as you are. - If you cooperate... - I will undergo no more of your tests. - Are you in pain? - Yes! Yes, a great deal. All right. I'll get something. In the meantime, try to stay calm, or you'll be restrained further. You have no idea who I am, do you? - That is not Daniel Jackson. - But is he a Goa'uld? No, sir, although at the moment he's every bit as arrogant. Then is he suffering from some sort of mental illness? I don't know yet, sir. His preliminary EEG readings are like nothing I've ever seen. There's indication of coma, but at the same time, we're seeing readings like those of a dozen people all jumbled together. - Is his condition life-threatening? - I couldn't even guess. He claims to be a passenger from the crashed alien vessel we discovered. - How's that possible? - I have no idea, but Teal'c is right. And we're dealing with more than one passenger. Daniel's behaviour in the gate room and throughout the preliminary testing was distinctly different than now. I'd say we've witnessed at least two, maybe even three, personalities. Could there be more? We discovered several hundred passengers in cryogenic suspension. O'Neill requested an enumeration of the cryogenic chambers. We separated and I lost consciousness momentarily. For what reason, I'm unsure. When I returned, I found Daniel Jackson, O'Neill and Carter in their current states. Speaking of which, sir, I'd like to check in on the colonel and Sam. - Keep me apprised. - Yes, sir. Maybe you should head down to the infirmary. I intend to remain here. Very well. - I'm ordinarily a very rational man. - Of course, Dr Jackson. I am a sovereign of Talthus. My name is Martice. Beg your pardon, sir. Oh, "sir". Well, that's a start. Pupils are still a little dilated. It's as though they were struck with some sort of powerful zat weapon. - At least their EEGs are still normal. - Oi! Doctor? Inform General Hammond the colonel's awake. - Hey, Doc. - How are you feeling, sir? Headache. Bad. I can take care of that, but first I need to know if you're feeling... yourself. Well, other than this nail through my head, I'm fine. - Why? - I'll explain later. Teal'c got the three of you to the Stargate from the ship. My team took it from there. Carter and Daniel? Major Carter is suffering the same after-effects as you, sir. Janet? Sam. Hey. It's gonna be fine. You've both suffered some sort of neural shock. Colonel, Major, how are you feeling? - Got a nail in my head, sir. - That sounds like our Colonel O'Neill. Their EEGs show normal brain activity. They appear to be unaffected. Unaffected by what? Where's Daniel? I need you to stay where you are, at least until you're strong enough. - I'm fine. - No, you're not, sir. Ow. No, I'm not. Just find the small woman and tell her that what she gave me is not good enough. It isn't working. Do you speak? - How are you feeling now? - Your medicine is worthless. Are you still in pain? - This body must be damaged. - I doubt that. Dr Jackson was in perfect health. I assume Dr Jackson was the former. Not that I have anything against it. It's younger and stronger than my own. Did something happen to my own body? In times of disaster, people need their sovereign. How will they recognise me? - I've already told you we didn't do this. - How else could I be in this situation? We don't know. How useful you are. - What is this place? - It's one of our medical isolation rooms. Could you be less specific? In a military facility on a planet called Earth. Earth. The ship was bound for Ardena. How far are we from Ardena? I don't know. The other passengers... they will be concerned for me. As I am for them, of course. Most of them are still on the ship, but we think several of them may be with us now. - As prisoners? - No, we think they may be in this room. We don't know the reason, but several of the passengers in cryogenic sleep have... What's happening? Martice? No, Martice is a sovereign. I'm just a crew member. Is that...? - How can this be? - It's all right. I'm here to help you. No, no. This is wrong. This is a mistake. Yes, it is, one that we want to correct. I'm Dr Fraiser. I am Tryan. Engineer, second rank. All right, Tryan, why don't we start again? Again? I don't recognise this man. Or, rather, myself. His name is Daniel Jackson. The body you're inhabiting belongs to him. - He wasn't aboard the Stromos. - No. Then how can I have ended up in his body? Your ship crashed on a planet that we call P2A-347. We don't know how or why the crash occurred, only that the only survivors were those in cryogenic sleep. When Daniel Jackson and the other members of his team boarded your ship, this happened. - I have no memory of coming here. - What do you remember? Brace for acceleration. Tryan? - Compartment is secure, sir. - Very well. Leaving Talthus, entering my sleep chamber, then seeing your face here. - Why am I restrained? - It wasn't you. You're the fourth personality to emerge since being brought back. We believe that there are others from your ship in there along with you. - In one body? - Plus Dr Jackson. No. The strain on the body would be too great. It wouldn't survive. - Do you know that for certain? - The only result would be insanity. - Then we should both hope you're wrong. - What's happened is impossible. This can't happen. One cannot return to any other body than one's own. There are fail-safes to prevent that from happening. It has happened. Look in the mirror to prove it to yourself. We don't have a lot of time, and you're the first personality that's been helpful, so I need you to think, all right? How could this happen? A sleeper's consciousness is stored in the same memory that maintains their body. There is simply no way to separate them or send the consciousness to any other than its corresponding body, unless... Oh, no. Unless the sleepers' bodies are dead. O'Neill. Major Carter. I am pleased to see you have recovered. - How is he? - Yet another personality has emerged. - Dr Fraiser seems to be making progress. - How did he get stuck in here? Daniel Jackson's preliminary electroencephalogram proved anomalous. I dare you to say that again. Dr Fraiser declared a code 17. Dr Jackson has been under constant guard. Only she and a few of her staff have had any direct contact as a precaution. - She thought he was a Goa'uld? - Not any more, but I'm taking no chances until we determine how these persons have found their way into Dr Jackson. I'd need another look at their cryogenic systems. Schedule a mission briefing with Dr Fraiser. Sir, I'd like to stick it out here with Daniel. Only medical personnel are allowed access. - Yes, sir. - Very well. Let's not jump to conclusions. I'm sorry. There's simply no other way this could have happened. Only then can the fail-safes be overridden and the consciousness leave the system. I am dead, as are the others who may reside in this body. - We can't be sure till we go to the planet. - Well, you will see. Help me out with something here. Why separate the consciousness from the body in the cryosleep process? A consciousness can't survive restoration without loss of memory and intellect. A person taking such a journey without proper storage of their consciousness would arrive as a fraction of themselves. The essence of that person would be lost. So the memory requirement must be enormous. Each cryogenic capsule contains a matrix memory module to sustain one mind. Its systems are connected with those that sustain the corresponding sleeper's body. Then it may be possible to upload your consciousness back into that memory. - Each module stores one consciousness. - Do it one at a time. No, that's not possible. Here. Could these water molecules be returned to this glass just as they were before, in precisely the same configuration? No. Our minds were blended, poured into one vessel ill-equipped to sustain our volume. But if the computers on your ship can separate the human mind from the body, - then surely they can isolate... - Can you hear that? No, I can't hear anything. The others, their voices, I can hear them. They're getting louder. I need you to stay with me. We need to work together. - It feels incredible. - The others can't help. - No one can help. - Don't say that. They're pulling at me now. I don't know how... Janet? - Daniel? - What's going on? Something has happened. I need you to just stay with me, OK? Just hang in there. That's it. A moment later, another person emerged, but we learnt nothing from her. So, he only surfaced for a moment, but it was definitely Daniel. - At least we know he's still in there. - Mm-hm. Dr MacKenzie just did a detailed analysis of his EEG and MRI readings. We think Daniel is in a sort of coma, having been suppressed by the others. It's like his consciousness has retreated, protecting itself. That's why he could only surface for a short time. - The other signals are a jumbled mess. - How many others are there? Dr MacKenzie believes Daniel could be carrying the minds of as many as a dozen of the ship's passengers. Maybe I could reconfigure the ship's systems to separate Daniel. You were attacked on that ship. - It may have been automated defences. - I think not, Major Carter. I discovered Daniel at the base of one of the sleep chambers. The door was open. Daniel wouldn't have stepped in on his own. Then someone else must have done so. Perhaps I regained consciousness before his assailant could do the same to us. The question is, why? Tryan seemed absolutely sure that his physical body was dead. So? What if this was a desperate attempt to preserve these people? What if your attacker was trying to keep these people alive the only way he could? The ship could not have sustained them indefinitely. - So Daniel's a lifeboat? - Yeah, it's possible. Sir, I recommend that SG-12 accompany us back to the planet. They can search the ship for whoever did this while I study the cryogenic systems. You have a go. Dismissed. I don't think we've had a chance to meet. Where's my father? I'm sorry, I don't know. Do you mind if I sit down beside you? OK. - There. - What about them? Oh, no, they won't hurt you. Why don't I tell you everything I know, and then we'll just take it from there, OK? What's your name? - Keenin. - Keenin? That's a very nice name. I'm Dr Fraiser. SG-12, move out. I know you'd do anything to save Dr Jackson, but the last thing we need is for this to happen to you. We intend to avoid that, sir. Good luck. Keenin, we're trying to figure out all we can about how this happened. What's the last thing you remember? My father. Why can't I wait with you? The ship must accelerate to escape the flare's radiation. You'll be safer here. You will dream sweet dreams, and when you awaken, we'll be in orbit around Ardena, and I will be right here. Talthus will be gone. Hundreds of years will have passed, Keenin, and all of this hardship will be part of our distant history. Do you understand? Now... close your eyes. - I wanted to stay on Talthus. - So you had to leave? They knew it was gonna happen since a long time before I was born. - Do you know what a dark star is? - Mm-hm. One that's burned out its fuel. They said it would pass close enough to our sun to make it flare and that it would engulf Talthus. I knew my whole life that the world was gonna end. So your people built the "Stromos". They built three ships, including the Stromos, but it wasn't enough. They had a lottery, and they said that was the only fair way. But my father was an officer on the Stromos, so he was allowed to pick one person from his family. M-m-my mother made him choose me. It's all right. My mother said she'd take her chance with the lottery, but she wasn't chosen. The sovereigns were chosen, but she wasn't chosen. No one I knew was chosen. I wanted to stay with her. It's OK. Shh. It's all right. It's all right. Shh. It's OK. What are you doing? Martice? You may address me as Sovereign, and I will ask you never to do that again. Now, what have you done to resolve this? SG-12, this is Carter. Come in. - This is SG-12. We just began our search. - Stay in radio contact. Carter out. These power levels are extremely low. I don't know how it could still be working. Perhaps if we revived one of them, they may be of some assistance. I don't think there's even enough power to do that. I demand to speak to someone in authority. Well, I'm sorry. You're stuck with me. Why have you involved the boy in this? What boy? The boy. You were just talking to him. Where is he? If we don't get these systems hooked up to a power source, these people will die. I'll need a naqahdah generator, and I'll have to build... One generator should be enough. Please, don't hurt us. Tell them to stop shouting. It is unendurable. I can't hear them. Be silent/ - They're in your mind, Martice. - No. No, no, no, no, no, no. What you say, it cannot be so. I have responsibilities to attend to. - I cannot remain here. - You cannot leave. 3,000 of our people depend on me to lead them. I am the sovereign. - I'm sorry. - It is my destiny to rule over Ardena! You don't understand the seriousness of your condition. - You don't realise who you are talking to. - I don't give a damn. You don't belong in that man's body, and I intend to take it back. Are there other conscious people? No. The others still sleep. - Why have you come back? - You did something to one of our people. - Is he here with you? - He is not. Are you the one responsible? There was... no choice... no other way. - You must do the same. - I don't think so. The ship's power is failing. It is the only way we can save them. Pharrin figured out a way to override the fail-safes. It can be done. Don't you see? These souls are the last of an entire world. They cannot be allowed to end like this. - Maybe there's another way. - No. No. Power is fading even now in every compartment. If you carried a handful of souls, we could route the remaining power to the others. That's not gonna happen. We do not know how many more we can accommodate. "We"? I believe he too carries the consciousness of many. 13 souls now reside in Pharrin's body. I fear I can harbour no more. Why do you attempt to preserve these lives? Their bodies are dead. We are the last of an entire world. The other ships will come. We have sent a message. They will hear it and they will come. And when they do they will find a way to restore us. Why did you not attempt to revive the others? After the ship crashed - we still don't know why it happened - he was revived by the computer, but the power requirement of his restoration caused too great a drain in the rest of the compartment. Power levels were dropping. Pharrin had only minutes to restore power to 12 of the sleeper chambers before the occupants were dead. But there wasn't enough time. Pharrin was failing them one by one. There was no other choice. No other way to preserve us. There are over a thousand souls aboard the Stromos. If Pharrin had attempted to revive the others, then many more may have died. - Even one person to share the burden. - Pharrin walked as far as he could see. There was little more than rock. Neither was there sufficient water or food remaining aboard after the crash. Pharrin dare not revive another soul. We are not alone. We live in a democracy of one. It is strange, yes, but we are the chosen survivors of an entire race. How could Pharrin have allowed even one of us to be lost? Still, we could have helped you. There was... no time. We should have asked them. No, we could not take the chance. You... would never have consented... would you? We would not. Then... we chose correctly. Our mistake was to flee when you revived so quickly from our stun weapon and returned for your friends. But too many of us were afraid. There are other ways we can help. How? We could provide you with an alternate power source, to bring your energy reserves up to where they need to be to revive your people. It's possible I can retrieve it and have it running within a few hours. There is no other way. Listen to her! No. We must wait. The ships will come. We can take you anywhere you want to go - another world, like Ardena. You have a ship? There's a device capable of transporting your people instantaneously to any world. We call it a Stargate. - Such a device is not possible. - Come with us and I'll prove it to you. However, we will only consent to do so if you return our friend to his former state. - He is preserving life. - At the expense of his own, unwillingly. Please... do not ask us to do this. We're not asking. The souls that your friend carries within him are amongst the most precious of all. Our friend is equally as important to us. There will be nowhere for them to go. They will be lost. But it is possible to undo this? How can I abandon them so easily? We have sworn to protect the sovereign. But we may save hundreds of others. Pharrin! There is a way. Do you understand that what we're offering could save everyone on this ship? And do you understand that one of the souls that your friend carries within him... is my son? Please! Why does it hurt so much? All right. Prepare 100 micrograms of fentanyl. That won't be necessary. I seem to have a higher threshold for pain than the others. - Tryan? - Yes. Oh, thank God for that. Janet? - Can I have a word? - I'll be back. - Are you sure you trust this guy? - He has much to gain by assisting us. Officer Pharrin, sir. Engineer Tryan, second rank. Tryan. Of course. Of all of our crew, you would have thought this was not possible. Of all our crew, sir, you're the one who'd find a way to do it. How did you manage? Our training, and a shared will to survive. It is a strange way of living with others, but it is better than the alternative. What of our ship and her passengers, sir? Our ship crash-landed. We failed to reach Ardena. Her passengers may yet be saved, but not without considerable sacrifice to you and to the others of the Stromos that reside within you. I understand, sir. These people possess a device capable of transporting all our people to another world. Perhaps even Ardena. It is very real, and it will save our people. But in exchange, they ask that their friend be returned to them as he was before. I believe it can be done if we act quickly. It is a reasonable bargain. I will do whatever is necessary, sir. Whatever you ask of me. No! There will be no sacrifice of any kind. As your sovereign, I demand you return me to the ship immediately. - Forgive me, Sovereign. - Pharrin. We have sworn an oath to do his will. We cannot proceed. Officer Pharrin... I have given you a command. Do you understand me? Oh, for crying out loud. - Get up. - I swore to protect the sovereign. - He's dead. - His soul lives. - Not if I cut him out. - You would not. Oh, yes, I would. - Pharrin, you will listen to me. - Don't listen. Just do what you came here to do. Forgive us, Sovereign. It is the only way to protect our people. I will not surrender this body, not at any cost. It is mine. It was never ours. If you save anyone, you will save me. The people of Talthus will die. Let them! - Forgive me. - How dare you touch me? For 12 years we fought to save the people of Talthus. We will do anything to do so, no matter how great the sacrifice. Father? Keenin. I am so sorry, my son. You must sacrifice as well, and we will be together. Do you understand? The people of Talthus will be safe and they will remember us forever. But we'll be together. We'll be together. Well? I can't tell yet if they made it into Pharrin, but Daniel's readings are back to normal. - How did you do that? - It wasn't me, sir. It was Daniel. His mind protected itself. He never emerged for more than a few seconds. That's what let Pharrin separate the others from Daniel and absorb them. The more the merrier, I guess. He'll stay in suspended animation until the other passengers can take care of him. You mean them. The naqahdah generator will sustain the power. We can begin the restoration process within hours. - We can relocate them shortly after that. - Good. We'll leave that for SG-4. They love that kind of stuff. - How's Daniel? - He'll be unconscious for a while. - It's best if... - What? Daniel? That you? Jack? - How you doing? - Bad headache. - Nail-in-the-head kinda thing? - Yeah. Something like that. Yeah.