No one around here wants to be part of your little reality show. The President of the United States invited me to do this. Look, Mr Bregman. You are here strictly to document what is going on. Not to pursue anything prejudicial to Air Force personnel. Call me Emmett. I'm gonna get you on camera sooner or later. Even if all I get is a series of shots of you avoiding being got. I hope shots of my ass serve you well. Well, I'll be damned. - It's my unborn son, sir. - Take cover! After it engaged weapons it activated a long-range communicator. Taking fire! Wells has been hit. - Are you flirting with me? - Ah, well... Excuse me, ma'am. You're required in the ready room. That's why we're not allowed to film. Every time they open that gate, something could go wrong. All because I wanted an aerial survey. Took me too long to figure out it sent a transmission. None of that matters now. And now, the conclusion. What's going on? You were scheduled to get shots of the gate. - We got bumped again. - Something's up. - You just missed SG-1 in full gear. - You got it on tape? - It's unauthorized. - Ongoing activity, I know. But SG-1? Dr Jackson wasn't going offworld for days. What's changed? - I don't know. - Something big? Something big happens all the time. - What's this? - Follow me. - Dr Fraiser! - I'm sorry, I have to go. You're not allowed, Mr Bregman. And you know that. There are days when you feel the pressure. I'm trained to handle it. With all due respect, how can anyone be trained to handle an alien encounter where the stakes, if what I'm told is correct, could be the survival of the planet? It's important to remember that it's not just about this planet. Countless humans throughout the galaxy, that originated here on Earth, have been enslaved for thousands of years. We're taking the fight to the Goa'uld on their behalf. How do you think the world is gonna react when they discover that an alien war has been waged without their knowledge? I don't think that that's for me to... Are you suggesting we shouldn't do this? No, I'm not saying we shouldn't defend ourselves, I'm simply asking your opinion. I don't think that's for me to, um... No. Stop it right there. I don't know... You see, this is not her fault. I backed her into a corner and I don't want to make this thing look antagonistic, so... OK, so lose this? Well, skip ahead to after the apology. There. That's it. One day this secret will come out. How do you think people will react? - Much better way of asking the question. - I honestly don't know. I hope they can appreciate everything we've been through. What it all means. I hope that they will understand why the people in charge chose to keep it a secret. Is it difficult to keep the secret? Yeah. Of all the things I do around here, in many ways that is the hardest. Sometimes you look at what's going on here on Earth and it makes you scream. You want to tell people it is all so much bigger. Stop it right there and go right to Dr Jackson saying "Whether I was right..." And you're gonna put me into the Carter interview. Especially the line "Is it difficult to keep the secret?" All right. Move on. Whether I was right doesn't matter, given the truth. - Truth matters to you? - To everyone, I hope. What truth? For the people here on Earth? Or are we talking about another planet? People on other planets are no less human. People who've had their freedom usurped. People forced to worship false gods. But what about people here on Earth? Are they entitled to the truth? - Is that what this is about? - This? I'm not in control of when this airs. Do you think this should get out? If it were up to you. Right there. Cut together. Well, that's a complicated issue. I'm asking you. Do you think people on Earth should know about this right now? - What do you think would happen? - People don't care much what I think. Cut that line. Nobody cares that nobody cares what I think. Lose it. - OK. It's gone. - Moving on. I haven't done what you've done. I think people care what you think. Well, I think it's a relative question. And it depends on your point of view. No, stop it. This is just terrible. Really? I think it's pretty interesting stuff. You did a good job of... Yak, yak, yak, yak. - A bunch of talking heads is what it is. - I could watch Major Carter talk all day. We need images to tell this story. What these people are doing, good or bad, makes the lunar landing look like we were testing our toes in the ocean. And what have we got to show for it? Yak yak yak. Nothing. Where's the equivalent shot of Shepherd golfing on the moon? We don't have it. This is unbelievably boring. - Hi, Jack. Thanks for coming. - I was told you said there were six Jaffa. Where'd you learn to count? Ships didn't start coming down till you radioed you were through the gate. Something tells me they're throwing this party in your honour. Got those clips? Our position is being compromised. We're not gonna be able to hold the gate for long. It doesn't matter. We're not gonna be able to hold this position for long. I need more time to stabilise this patient. He can't be moved yet. Sir! We gotta fall back! Sir! That's 50 calibre, right? You can get really shaken up with that thing. - Our guys are trained... - I'm kidding. What is this? Get a shot of this. Can you explain how this operates? Uh, sure. Our guys like to play a little Space Invaders when there's not much going on. - Ha ha. Very funny. - No, obviously I'm kidding. It would be completely inappropriate for any airman to play video games on duty. Can we move on? What's that on the wall here? - Here is the manual override for the Iris. - Are you kidding now? - No, I'm serious. Incoming wormhole! - We're gonna have to leave now. - No, keep shooting! - I can't do that. - I can do it. - Remove that camera crew/ Now/ We are under fire and have serious casualties. Coming in hot. Receiving SG-1's Iris code, sir. Open the Iris. - This way, sir. - Medical team to the gate room. We have to clear this area. Sorry about that. Here, take the damn thing. In future, sir, could you leave the camera work to me? I'll leave it to you. Here she comes. Let's go. Don't look at him, we're cleared to shoot here. Just follow me. Bring the sound! - Major! What happened? - Please. I know at least one person was injured. All I want to say is... Look, leave me alone. And shut that damn thing off! No, I just want to say how sorry I am... Why is that camera off? You don't know what you're doing here, maybe I do. These people risk their lives for us. I want to see what they go through, even if they don't want us to. And I want other people to see it. What do you think they're doing out there? Protecting and defending secrecy? That's the world of Mao, of Stalin. The world of secret police, secret trials, secret deaths. You force the press into the cold and all you will get is lies and innuendo. And nothing is worse for a free society than a press that is in service to the military and the politicians. Nothing! You turn that camera off when I tell you to turn it off! You think I give a damn what you think about me? You serve the people. So do I. Hey, how you doing? I don't suppose you know anything about what's going on here? There are multiple injuries. At least two people were hit. There was a firefight. One of the teams got ambushed so they sent in SG-1, SG-5, Fraiser and the medical team. Someone from the original team must be badly hurt. - A nurse said there was a casualty. - Someone die? - She wouldn't say who. - Carter wouldn't be crying unless... We hear somebody actually may have died. What have you got? O'Neill. - You sure? - No, I heard O'Neill's on a gurney. He took a blast. He's not moving. General Hammond. Mr Woolsey. General. I know these orders came from Kinsey's office. Why don't you tell me the rest? As chairman of the Oversight Committee, Kinsey asked that I review your decision regarding the attempted rescue of SG-13. - "Attempted"? - There were several casualties, sir. I'd hardly call it a success. My decisions are reviewed by the Air Force Chief of Staff and the president. As of yet I haven't even filed a preliminary mission report. When I do, you're welcome to read it. I have been authorized to begin a full investigation, as part of a larger examination of SGC's strategic policy that we are preparing. I've enclosed a list of interviews I will be conducting, and materials I will require. We expect your full cooperation. General. How are you holding up? - I'm OK, sir. - Did you talk to Agent Barrett? He said as far as he knows, Woolsey is clean. But he's sharp as they come. He's got an MBA and an LLB from Harvard. He was lead counsel for the Corps of Engineers and sat on the defence board. He resigned when it was disclosed that he had financial ties to a large corporation that had been awarded over $800 million in defence contracts by the Pentagon. He's been with the NID since then. Barrett faxed me this internal NID memo Woolsey recently wrote. I think you should read it. What do we do, sir? - Just tell the truth. - Yes, sir. There's going to be a memorial service on Wednesday. I think it would be appropriate if you said a few words. Yes, sir. Sir? How are you holding up? You try to tell yourself that... every man and woman under your command means the same to you. Each has to be equally valuable if you're gonna make the kinds of decisions that affect their lives the way I have to. But you can't help it. You get closer to some people. You never want to lose anyone. Have a seat, Major. Let me explain why I'm here. I know why you're here. I believe classified military operations require oversight. This isn't the first time we've been scrutinised by the NID. I know the stakes around here are always high, but there were serious casualties this time. Someone of great value to this programme is dead. I know that. And don't you dare think anyone is taking it lightly. You're a seasoned combat officer. This isn't the first time you've lost a close colleague. Nor do I expect it will be the last. I just want to make sure that it wasn't avoidable in this case. Despite what you might think, the only reason I'm here is to get the truth. Did you have a question? Oh, yes. A few. What made you think it was safe for SG-13 to remain on the planet? That's not really my call. But you thought it was worth risking the lives of an SG team to get an aerial survey of these ruins. The device was damaged. It took a while to get an interface. The memory contained an enormous amount of information. So you would have me believe that this was an acceptable risk? - This is what we do. - Make bad decisions. It's easy to predict the score when the game's over. And if we'd found weapons in those ruins we wouldn't be having this conversation. But you didn't. And we are. If there had been weapons in those ruins, they would be in the hands of the Goa'uld. The fact is, this mission was botched from the beginning to the end. We don't just leave people behind. You can't ask airmen, soldiers, human beings, to risk their lives without backup. Without knowing we would be there. You have been asked to go into combat where you knew there was no backup. That is always a possibility on any mission through the Stargate. And, please, Major. None of us likes to admit it, but there are situations in which the life of one human being is an acceptable loss. That wasn't the case here. No, in this case it was just dumb luck that there weren't many more lives lost. I would say it was skill, training and fortitude. Based on your expertise in Goa'uld tactics, was it not reasonable to conclude that this was an ambush? While you are not one of our military and not eligible for court-martial, I shouldn't have to remind you that you are expected to follow orders. As I was doing on the day in question. If you fail to testify here today, I will have you jailed until such time that you do. You fire me, you throw me in jail. You do what you want. - Dr Jackson. - Yeah, it's not a good time right now. I've heard bits and pieces of what happened. I was hoping you might be able to confirm some of it. Sorry. Did you...? You're gonna be all right, Simon. You'll be home before you know it. Over here! Man down over here! There's a lot of blood coming from underneath him. I'll cover you up on this ridge. - I'm Dr Janet Fraiser. Can you hear me? - Yeah. I'm shot bad. I can't move. I can't feel my leg. I think it went right through me. - What's your name? - Senior Airman Wells. Am I gonna die? Not if I have anything to do with it. We need to roll him over, stop the bleeding. Simon, you hang in there. OK. Easy. All right, on three. One, two, three. - I'm Daniel Jackson. - I know. I know. SG-1. - You're gonna be fine. - Son of a bitch. Came out of nowhere. Shot me in the back. Let's talk about something else. What's going on at home? - My wife is pregnant. - Yeah? That your first? - Yeah. - Congratulations. That's good. At least you felt that. Our position's being compromised. We're not gonna be able to hold the gate. We're not gonna hold this position for long. I need more time to stabilise this patient. - He can't be moved yet. - Go without me. Leave me. - Nobody is going anywhere. - I can't believe I'm not gonna see my son. Stay focused. You know this is a boy you're gonna have, right? Tell me the truth. I'm not gonna make it, right? - You're gonna be fine. - Dr Jackson. Please, please just let me tell my wife, let me tell my wife that... OK. OK. Got it. Just breathe, Simon. I said now's not a good time. What part about that didn't you understand? - You got something on tape, didn't you? - Get out. Get out. OK. I'm going. All right. You know, I, uh... I once did a piece on a war photographer. His name is Martin Krystovski. For about six months he was with a unit in Vietnam. The day before he was scheduled to leave - the day before - he's out with the unit. And it was just a routine patrol, or so they thought. But suddenly, the lieutenant pulled him down. And Krystovski hadn't intended to take a picture, but his hands were on the camera and he hit the ground so hard it went off. And the picture captured... the lieutenant... getting... shot... in the head. And Krystovski said to me "That bullet would have - should have - hit me." And he never showed that picture to anyone. Not for 25 years. But 25 years later, he got up one morning and he looked at that picture. And he saw something... that... wasn't... horrific. And he decided to tell the story, because he realised that he hadn't accidentally taken a picture of a man dying. It was of a man... saving his life. The picture... I'm making, that I'm trying to make, is about what you people do every single day, in extreme circumstances that no one can even imagine. And I don't know what happened out there. I'm sorry about it, whatever it was. And if you did tape something of it, that's not gonna change what happened. What will change is how you feel about it. General. I've prepared a written testimony. - This is your mission report. - I thought I'd kill two birds with one stone. - Well, then. I guess I'm done. - Then you'll be leaving. The president will have my report by the end of the week. I'm sure it'll be every bit as interesting as your memo on the economics of the SGC. I won't bother asking how you got that. What was the dollar value you attributed to an SG team member? You know damn well I wasn't pegging the value of a life. It is a cold, hard fact that it costs millions of dollars to train these men and women. And that is a fraction of the funds being subverted by the Pentagon for this. It is reprehensible that the taxpayers of this country are paying enormous sums to wage a war they know nothing about, and are getting little, if anything, in return. If the Stargate were public knowledge, and your actions were judged in public... You're suggesting that sending a rescue team worth $27 million to save one man is a bad business decision. - You're putting words in my mouth. - You said it in black and white. And I don't think you would dare do that if this wasn't a classified operation. The president has asked a documentary team to get to the truth of what's going on. Why don't we just go down and give them the whole truth, as you see it, right now? That memo is classified. This investigation is classified. If you so much as utter even a hint of either, I'll see you are put away in a cold, dark place for the rest of time. - General. - What is it, Colonel? Security caught Mr Bregman trying to access the infirmary. Claims he was lost. - Get rid of him. - Sir? Have our orders changed, sir? Toss him out on his ass, Colonel. - What's this? What's going on? - The general's ordered you off the base. - No, no, he can't do that. - He is a general. - Would you stop packing? - Keep packing. You got one hour to get off my base and outta my sight. - Whose authority? - My superiors. I just want to make a phone call. Call whoever you want. There's a payphone at the surface. - Actually, I'd like to borrow your red one. - You have some nerve. That's what my mother used to say. I've been ordered to turn over the tape. Look, I'm not happy about it either. I could fight it. The tape could get lost, or accidentally erased. These things happen. But I'm not going to do that. I had that little weasel of a man thrown out of here. But in light of the NID investigation, I think there should be a record of what goes on beyond the classified reports. And you trust Bregman to portray that? At the moment I have no other choice. Hey. Hey. I got the tape. Put it on. - Mission file's been declassified. - Just a minute. You tell her yourself. I'm so sorry about this. I love you so much. I just wanted... God, shut it off! Shut it off! I don't want her to see me die/ Simon/ Simon/ Look at me. You are not going to die, OK? I did not come all the way out here for nothing. We've stemmed the bleeding. We're gonna get you on a stretcher. We're gonna get you home in no time, OK? - Now you hang in there, Airman. - Yes, ma'am. God/ What happened? Is she hit? I got him. You're clear, Dr Jackson. I need a medic/ - Fraiser's hit/ I need a medic/ - Is she OK? Sierra Golf niner. Dr Fraiser's been hit. Position... I need a medic/ O'Neill's alive. So is Airman Wells. Dr Fraiser didn't make it. Sir. We heard you were up and around. Yeah. Still a little tender, but they said I could go home. You're lucky that staff blast hit you where it did. That new vest insert works well. Didn't help Fraiser much. No. How's Cassie? She's a strong kid. She survives, you know? Yeah. You speaking at the memorial? Sir, I just wanted to say... When you were lying there, I... I'm really glad you're OK. Come here. - Dr Jackson. - Hey. Please, just call me Daniel. So I hear you're gonna make a full recovery. So they say. - You talk to your wife? - Yeah. - Everything's OK? - Yeah. I never asked you when she was due. Couple of weeks. They say I should be outta here by then. - That's great. - Yeah. I just wanted to see how you were doing, so... She's dead because of me. No. No, she's dead because a Jaffa shot her. She was doing her job. Same way you were doing yours when a Jaffa shot you. - I can't make it feel right. - It wasn't right. Nothing about it was right. But it also wasn't your fault. Hey, Teal'c. General Hammond asked me to speak at the memorial service. I am aware. I don't know what to say. Nothing seems good enough. I believe you should only speak from your heart. I gotta go pick up Cassie. Major Carter. I have pondered what I would say were I given the chance. Really? But I believe it would be best if it came from you. - Over here. - Oh. I was told you might be here, Dr Jackson. Yeah. I just, uh... came by to give this back to you. I'm not gonna use it. Wait. I want you to. You know, I died in this room. Ascended. Dr Fraiser did everything she could. She went three days without sleep. Even in the end, she didn't want to let me go. I owed her... a lot more than I ever gave back. I thought a lot about what you said about Krystovski. I think this shows what Janet Fraiser was all about. Me too. I want other people to know. Janet Fraiser was an extraordinary person. She was kind, and funny, and talented. Above all, she was courageous. Try as I might, I could not find the words to honour her. To do justice to her life. Thankfully I got some help. While words alone may not be enough, there are some names that might do. We often talk about those that give their lives in the service of their country. And while Janet Fraiser did just that, that's not what her life was about. The following are the names of the men and women who did not die in service, but who are in fact alive today because of Janet. Major Samantha Carter. Dr Daniel Jackson. Colonel Jack O'Neill. Teal'c. Sergeant Connie Smith. Major Ian Hules. Senior Airman Simon Wells. Our armed forces have turned the tide of world wars. Young men and women from our country have humbled history's worst tyrants. We carve our thanks in stone. We stamp it into medals. We carefully tend vast fields where those who gave their lives for our freedom lay. More than ever, we cannot fail to pass stories of courage to the next generation. We must capture their imaginations, while paying tribute to all those willing to die for the preservation of our way of life. It's a shame no one's ever going to see it. Really? You, uh... You don't think it's a little sentimental? No. It's good. Well, that's a relief. Hearing that from you, of all people. Especially given how you felt about what I was doing. I understood how you felt... I'm a big enough man to admit when I'm wrong. I'm glad you stuck with it. That means a lot to me, sir. I've written a lot of letters to the next of kin. Nothing ever seems like it's enough. They deserve more. This is something more. Thank you, sir. There is one thing, General, that's still missing that could make a difference. I'll take care of it. Hey. Come in, come in. Daniel, this is my wife, Marci. Hi. I'd love to give you a hug, but... Please, don't get up. This is my daughter. - She is beautiful. - Thanks. - I guess that ultrasound was wrong, huh? - Yeah. What's her name? Janet. That's nice. OK, guys... Tom. Emmett. - You ready? - Rolling. Sound? OK. First question.