Well, he said it was something important. You're not the least bit curious? Indeed, but I would not risk a wager. ALL: Surprise! (ALL CHEERING) It's not my birthday. (VALA LAUGHS AWKWARDLY) Hey, we made a weird cat-piñata thingy. I told you to bring something to amuse yourself. I didn't mean me or the crew. Well, they won't believe that it's my birthday... again. Not my problem. Being stuck on this ship is worse than being stuck at the SGC! I tell you, the last time I was this bored, I took hostages! I was there. - Major? - We're approaching the coordinates, sir. Drop us out. We're being hailed. The Asgard are requesting permission to beam aboard, sir. LANDRY: Granted. Greetings, and welcome to Orilla. Thor. Hello, Colonel Carter. It is good to see you. Out of curiosity, how can you tell the difference? - The voice. - It's good to see you, too, Thor. This is General Landry, Colonel Mitchell and Vala. - Greetings. - So, Thor, how you been? - Haven't heard from you in a while. - I am sorry. I have been otherwise occupied. As mentioned in our communication, the high council wishes to meet with you to explain in greater detail, but there is not much time. General, with your permission, a number of Asgard are prepared to beam aboard immediately to begin installing various technological upgrades to this ship. I hope it's ray guns. I got ray guns in the pool. What is it you're planning on giving us? Everything we have and know. - By that you mean... - Everything. All our most current technology, all our knowledge. Sorry, we're just a little stunned. I mean, why are you doing this? You've always resisted in the past. You always said we weren't ready. Indeed. Many Asgard still believe that. So, what's changed? As a race, we are dying. Very soon, we will all be gone. (PEOPLE CHATTERING) The Asgard computer core is equipped with its own power source that will not infringe on your ship's ZPM. However, when the upgrades are complete, the core will be fully integrated into all the ship's systems. There must be something more you can do. I assure you, we are providing you with all the latest Asgard technology, as well as a knowledge base including our entire recorded history. That's not what I was talking about. Everything that can be done has been done. The final attempt to solve our physiological degeneration has left each of us with a rapidly progressing disease. It really wasn't an option for them. They made the choice to extend their life through science generations ago. It took any natural physiological evolution necessary for Ascension out of the equation. They are planning on ending their lives before the degeneration they're suffering from goes too far. - Mass suicide? - They don't want any of their knowledge or technology falling into the wrong hands. And they wanted us to witness the event. So everything they've installed on this ship... Is going to be their legacy. If you like, you will be able to interface with the core using a holographic representation of me or any other Asgard on record in the knowledge base. I'm sorry, but that just won't be the same. I have been working on this for the better part of a year, Colonel Carter. And we appreciate it, really. Many on the council did not believe we should be imparting such advancements. Well, I promise we will do our very best not to let you down. You are the fifth race. Your role is clear. If there is any hope in preserving the future, it lies with you and your people. No pressure, huh? You have earned my respect and my friendship. Well, the feeling is mutual. Please do not be sad. The end of my people has been a long time coming. We have made too many irreversible mistakes in our development. Hopefully, you can learn something from it. My only regret is that our physical weakness has left us incapable of helping you further. (SIREN BLARING) (SIREN BLARING) Sir, three Ori mother ships just dropped out of hyperspace and are approaching the planet. LANDRY: Colonel, this is the bridge. We have three contacts. Ori mother ships bearing down. Sir, the hyperdrive is still offline, diverting power to the shields. You must go. Sir, the Asgard just disembarked. It'll take a few minutes to get the hyperdrive back online. - Full sublight. Get us clear of the planet. - Full sublight. (RUMBLING) Shields are down to 83%. How the hell did they find us? Some reason we're not jumping to hyperspace? Carter's working on it. Sir, sensors are detecting a massive build-up of energy coming from the planet. Everyone hold on tight! - Shields are down to 50%. - Colonel! Sir, the hyperdrive is now online, but we have to get clear of the radiation caused by the explosion before we can make the jump safely. How about the Asgard energy weapons? But they haven't been tested yet, sir. Shields are down to 28%. At maximum sublight, we're 47 seconds to get clear. We're not going to make it. Let's see what these new Asgard upgrades are made of. Come about. Power the energy weapons. Energy weapons are powered. Fire. Sensors indicate enemy shields are fluctuating. Keep firing! I'll be damned. We got them. MAN: Copy that, sir. - Get us into hyperspace. - Yes, sir. Run another diagnostic. Colonel, how's that report coming? I want to be able to brief the President as soon as we get back. He's going to want to know how quickly we can duplicate this new Asgard weaponry. I'm working on it, sir, but something else has come up. The hyperdrive diagnostic is spitting out some data that's concerning me. We took some damage that's causing a problem? I think we need to drop out and run a few tests, just to be sure. Sir, two contacts just appeared on sensors. Mother ships, Ori, closing fast. Colonel, given we've already taken damage, I'd rather not take on two more ships. (RUMBLING) CARTER: Sir, the hyperdrive is back online. - Get us back into hyperspace. - Yes, sir. It's a hell of a coincidence, don't you think? Well, unless they were tracking us and just waiting for us to drop out. I thought they couldn't track us in hyperspace. Unless it was the Ori themselves tipping off the Priors. JACKSON: We've already passed back into the Milky Way. As far as we know, the Ancients should have a problem with the Ori using their Ascended powers right under their noses. As far as we know. At least we now have weapons we know will destroy an Ori ship. Well, that's not going to do us any good if they can track us wherever we go. I mean, eventually, the <i>Odyssey's</i> going to come up against more than she can handle. Is it possible the Priors can detect the new technology given to us by the Asgard without the help of the Ori? I suppose the new power source could be giving off some sort of unique energy signature that's detectable from subspace. However, without further experimentation, the only way to find out is to shut it off and see if that stops the Ori from following us. Do it. The problem with that, sir, is that the new Asgard core is currently tied into every system on this ship. We would have to drop out of hyperspace and isolate the core from the hyperdrive controls, and that could take some time. Sir, two contacts just appeared on sensors. Son of a bitch. (RUMBLING) Shields are down to 53%. (SIREN BLARING) Reports of damage front and rear, levels two, six, and ten. Evasive maneuvers. Fire at will! We already took out one ship. What's another two, right? Colonel! I need the hyperdrive now! Go ahead, sir. Hyperdrive is online. We're going to need at least half an hour to get the hyperdrive system separated from the core. We must assume the Ori ships will continue to engage us whenever we stop. Is there a planet with a stargate nearby? Yes, sir. P3X-474. It's uninhabited. We should get there in just under an hour. We might make it before the hyperdrive fails. And what? Beam to the surface and gate home. We can't let this ship fall into enemy hands. That's what the self-destruct is for. Whoa, wait a minute, sir. If you're talking about destroying the ship, we can't sacrifice the knowledge base of the Asgard. They trusted us with their legacy. Dr. Jackson, this is not something I'm considering lightly. I'm assuming we can't take any of it with us. No, sir. The core is too big to fit through the gate. Well, I for one am willing to stay and put up a fight. - I think it's worth it. - Get us to 474. We'll beam the crew down to the surface. Hopefully, there'll be enough time for them to gate home before the Ori attack. And then what? I said it before, I am for fighting to the death, but we need a plan, preferably one that avoids the "to the death" part. We have an hour to come up with one. I think I may have a way of buying us a little more time. Here they come. Shields at maximum. Evasive maneuvers. Concentrate fire on only one target, one at a time. (RUMBLING) Okay, that was not good. Shields are down to 23%. We're hitting them with everything we've got. - Shields are offline! - One more hit will take us out. Colonel Carter! Thanks to Asgard technology, we are in a time-dilation bubble. While time may appear to be passing at a normal rate for us, in fact, years will pass inside the bubble while mere fractions of a second pass outside the field. You won't need that much time, though? Hopefully not. My plan is to try to make the necessary modifications to the <i>Odyssey</i> so that we can take it out of phase. Then when we shut down the time-dilation field, the blast won't hit us. That would be good. You're probably wondering why I didn't just do that in the first place. I'm still back on the time thing. The Asgard core has time-dilation field technology built right into it. It was a quick and easy option. I'm actually going to have to recreate some of Merlin's out-of-phase technology from scratch with what we have onboard, and it could take a while. Just to be sure, how long is "a while" in our time? I'm not exactly sure. But we have enough food and water for three months. - Three months? - We can ration supplies. (WHISPERING) I'm going to go crazy, and I'm taking you with me. Of course, if it takes a little longer... Oh, whoa. Longer than three months? Bottom line is none of you are going to have any excuse for being behind on your paperwork. (CHUCKLES) That function is not possible. VALA: Do you think the Ori warriors could have found a way to get through the time-dilation field and over here onto the ship? No. Because I'm hearing things all the time. - Are you hearing things? - I am trying not to. Maybe they found a way to ring over, but they can't figure out how to secretly shut off the time-dilation field, so they're trying to drive us crazy and make us shut it down ourselves. - No. - That wasn't a question. No. Before I tried to build Merlin's out-of-phase technology, I decided to run a simulation. Are you saying it took two weeks to figure out this idea wouldn't work? I'm sorry. I've been trying to adjust the parameters. Now, the problem is, according to Thor, I can't seem to take the ship out of phase before I shut down the field. And once we deactivate the time-dilation field, we have.86 seconds before the blast hits us, and that just isn't enough time to take the ship out of phase. Okay, time for plan B. Actually, I ran that simulation, too. If we beam ourselves into the buffer, ready to transport down to the planet, and set the time-dilation field to deactivate on a timer, the matter stream still doesn't have enough time to fully exit the buffer and get clear of the explosion. Fine, plan C. We go to the 302s. - That's how I got off the <i>Korelev.</i> - Ran that, too. Based on the way the <i>Odyssey</i> is going to be hit compared to the <i>Korelev,</i> it won't work. The computer's wrong. Both of the last two scenarios don't preserve the ship or the Asgard knowledge. I know. - Okay, it's only been a couple of weeks. - I have a problem with the word "only". CARTER: The good news is the Asgard have provided us with some truly amazing technology. - Just nothing to get us out of this mess. - I don't know that yet. However, with only a slight modification to the beaming technology, we have a matter converter that will literally allow us to manufacture food, water, oxygen, pretty much anything we need. Except a way off this ship. You've made your point, son. I doubt very much Colonel Carter has even scratched the surface of what's possible. Let's give her some more time. I mean, all they wanted to do was live a little longer. We're no different. Sequence DNA, cure diseases. And one fatal mistake and they doom their entire race. I guess no matter what you do, at the end of the day, life is too short. I agree. What are you doing? Something we should have done a long time ago. - Don't do that. - Why not? We've been here three months, Daniel. Three months. - You do like girls? - Yes! Well, I don't see many other options around here, do you? Unless you really don't find me attractive? Do you want an honest answer to that question? No. No, seriously. You started this. Do you want an honest answer to the question? No, don't worry about it. Do you believe I could have any kind of serious feelings for you? I wasn't suggesting you have serious feelings, Daniel. Oh. Oh, what? So, what? We sleep together once, then what? We work together. You know, even saying that part out loud sounds unbelievable. I mean... Come on! I mean, I can't even imagine what a relationship with you would be like. I mean, yes. Yes, you've proven yourself to be trustworthy on a professional level, and for that I am very proud of you, but on a personal level? Vala, come on, give me a break! I mean, at best, you're an emotional, unstable wreck. I'm not saying I'm much better. I'm not saying I'm much better. There was a time when I thought I would never get over my wife. I mean, the idea of being hurt that way again... But I have finally gotten to the place. I finally, for the first time in a long time, have gotten to the place where I actually feel I could get close to somebody again. But not in a million years, a million, million years, would I ever possibly consider that person being you. I mean, we are so completely opposite and wrong for each other, it's not even funny, and the worst part, the worst part about that is you know that! And this whole flirty, sexual thing that you do, that's just your way of having a laugh at my expense. So, I'm so sorry if I'm not more appreciative of that, and I'm so sorry that you're bored, but don't you pretend it's anything else. Don't act like you're hurt. - Hey. - Just give me a minute. Look at me. You better not be messing with me. General, we need to take our chances with the F-302s. What I need is a sun lamp. This matter-converted oxygen just isn't the same. Oh, why is the grand irony of this lost on everyone but me? It's not. Sir, at this point, we know it's the damn Asgard upgrades that allow the Ori to track us. So even if we manage to save the ship, we won't be able to use the technology, because the Ori will come down on us like a bag of hammers. For now. Oh, come on, sir. It's like a bad joke. We have stranded ourselves here trying to save something we can't use. I'm not having this conversation again. I want to help you. The problem is that there isn't enough time to shut off the time-dilation field - and start a new process. - I know. - I'm just thinking out loud here. - I know. - What is that thing? - Oh. It's a cello. I've always wanted to learn how to play. Is it possible to use the time-dilation technology to solve our problem? - How? - Well, obviously, it would... Sorry. Obviously, it would be great if we could go back in time and not get into this situation in the first place. Well, slowing down time within a localized field is not even close to the same thing as reversing time altogether. It's a good thought, though. See, what we need is we need Superman to fly around the ship really, really fast. Oh, if you only knew how ridiculous that was. No, it only sounds ridiculous till you hear yourself say, "I am trapped on a spaceship stuck in a time-dilation field." (HA VE YOU EVER SEEN THE RAIN? PLAYING) That function is not possible. - I hate this ship. - You're a pilot, you love flying. And fighter. This is not flying. This is literally standing still. This is <i>The Love Boat</i> without the buffet and the band. Besides, I only liked flying so much because I didn't know about the Stargate. That function is not possible. (CELLO PLAYING) (COUGHING) Twenty years today. Still think life is too short? - Hey. - Hey. Why do you do it? Knowing everything you learn is going to die with you? I know you guys all think I'm crazy, but the truth is, if I stop, I'll go crazy. Besides, you haven't given up. Yes, I have. Stop it. - I can't, I'm sorry. - It wasn't your fault. We all would have died long ago if... If you hadn't done what you did. Don't give up. (MUMBLING) When I said that I wanted to get the team back together, work with you guys, learn from you, I did not mean every waking moment for the next 50 years. You said that yesterday. I did? - And the day before. - And the day before that. Oh. Sorry. I'll just shut up now. No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything. I did it. You did what? I figured out how to reverse time in a localized field. What? What's the matter? Maintaining the time-dilation field for all this time has almost completely depleted the ZPM and the power source in the Asgard core. We don't have enough power to make it work? There's irony for you, huh? I create the field to buy us more time, I finally figure out how to undo it all, and that extra time is what makes it impossible. Are you sure? I mean, if you had some more time, could you... I'm sure. Hey, Sam. Do you remember when we were stuck out of phase? Which time? When you got shot and you thought you were going to die and the Ori were going to destroy that village. Vaguely. You had me use the power source from an Ori staff weapon to power Merlin's device. We don't have anything even close to a power source that would be required to keep a reverse time field working for long enough. Really? Come with me. What about that? That? There's no way we... There's no way to absorb the blast and channel the energy into the Asgard core... Unless? Unless we reroute the power conduits throughout the ship into the core and let the blast hit us. - This ship will explode. - Yes. But hopefully enough energy from the blast will be channeled into the core to allow it to activate the reverse time field before everything is totally destroyed. But we'll be dead. If this works, we'll only be dead for a few milliseconds. Then time within the bubble will reverse, and we won't be dead and the ship won't be destroyed. If this works. Yes. I'm not promising anything. It's all right, it's a shot, and I say we take it. How far back can we go? Only to the point where the time-dilation field was created. Only to the point where the time-dilation field was created. We can't reverse time for the entire universe. If we go back any further than that, we are outside of normal time-space again and we create a paradox that the technology couldn't handle. Is that going to be good enough? I might be able to buy us a little more time, maybe a minute. But one of us is going to have to stay old. - Oh. - Oh. We're talking about reversing time within the field. Everything, our age, our memories, will be undone. If this works, we'll be doomed to repeat history. Unless we can exclude someone from the field who can steer events in another direction. You created the time-dilation field to prevent us from being hit by that blast in the first place. - You had no choice. - All right. We have to sever the Asgard core from the hyperdrive controls, or else the Ori will be able to follow us when we make the jump into hyperspace. A long time ago, in the event that I ever did solve the time issue, I created a program that would achieve that very quickly. I'll load it onto a crystal. That way, it will only take me a few seconds to shut down the core and make the jump into hyperspace. Who says it's going to be you? Well, it makes sense that it be me. I will do it. Teal'c, you've lost as many years as the rest of us. MITCHELL: What are you, 130 now? I don't know. He doesn't look a day over 120 to me. I have many more years to live and I am the only logical choice. Teal'c. I have but one question. If this should not work... Then the shields will fail and you will die along with the rest of us. Then it is settled. I want you to know, even if you are going to forget, that I wasn't with you all these years because we were trapped on this God-awful ship. - I was with you because... - I know. - And I want you to know that I... - I know. I know. - CARTER: I'm ready. - Do it, Sam. (SIREN BLARING) - Shields are offline! - One more hit will take us out. Colonel Carter! Teal'c, what are you doing? Oh, come on! It's driving me insane. You know, technically, there would be no danger of creating a time paradox because we've already changed future events. You would not be altering the future by telling us about something that's not going to happen anymore. - Then why do you care? - Fifty or 60 years? Something interesting must have happened. Obviously I hooked up with someone. Was it you, Muscles? It can't have been Mitchell, can it? General Landry? - Dial it up, Walter. - Yes, sir. Chevron one, encoded. MITCHELL: That is how we're supposed to travel light years across the galaxy to other planets. Chevron two, encoded. You know, I'd like to think that I handled myself well, but I imagine I went a bit crazy cooped up on that ship for so long. Chevron three, encoded. You know, Teal'c did tell me some things I learned from the Asgard knowledge base. He did? Like what? Oh, boy. What were they? HARRIMAN: Chevron four, encoded. "Beggars can't be choosers. "Better late than never. "Look before you leap." "The best things in life are free." And let me guess, "Beauty is only skin deep?" "Silence is golden." Chevron five, encoded. "Jack of all trades, master of none." "Nothing ventured, nothing gained." "Life is too short." Chevron six, encoded. "Good things come to those who wait." You know, as hard as it is for us not knowing, it must be torture for you not to tell us. Indeed. Chevron seven is locked. Good luck, SG-1. Just another everyday mission