And it has been some time since the last reported outbreak. That's right, so I'm chalking that one up to the "win" column. Look, all I'm saying is let's not get carried away. Yes, we stopped them this time, but you can be damn sure they're already digging up some other means of spreading fear and destruction through this galaxy. Yeah, that's why we call them the bad guys. And by the looks of things, the next one's gonna be something big. The Priors are already starting to step up the rhetoric with all this talk of doomsday, "when all shall witness the final battle between the light and darkness." That's what they said about Tyson-Holyfield. There's always a rematch. Alright, let's move out. Those ancient ruins aren't going to explore themselves. Hold up, SG-1. Shut her down. Your mission has been scrubbed. Why? Because you're needed elsewhere. General, what's going on? A team of representatives from the International Oversight Advisory are going on a tour of the Gamma site. Pentagon wants SG-1 to accompany them as their official escort. That is a most unusual request. It'll be IOA's first time offworld. The President wants to make sure it goes off without a hitch. He figures who better to ensure that than our top team? Sir, I don't mean to gripe... Permission to gripe granted. We're being put on babysitting duty? Don't underestimate the importance of this mission.</i> This is the IOA. These people carry a lot of influence with the Stargate program... how it's run, how it's funded. You should feel honored. Just don't keep them up past 10:00 and remember to read them a bedtime story before tucking them in for the night. Season 9 - Episode 17 The Scourge It's... It's much bigger than I imagined. We get that a lot. Mr. Chapman, Mr. Lapierre, Miss Shen, I'd like you to meet our escort to the Gamma site... SG-1. Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell. Lieutenant Colonel Samantha Carter. Teal'c. And Dr. Daniel Jackson. PhD in archaeology, anthropology, and philology. The man who solved the riddle of the Stargate. Shen Xiaoyi. Graduate of Beijing Foreign Studies University and the London School of Economics and Political Science, former attaché to the Chinese mission in the United States. Your Chinese is supposed to be quite good. Not as good as your English. Of course. What about him? We are still teaching him. Yeah, that's very funny. Go to hell. Chevron Seven locked. The Gamma site is 24,000 light years from here, but once we step through the event horizon, it will take us less than one second to get there. After you. Just to clarify. I'm going to be disassembled at the molecular level, then reassembled on the other side? That's right. And the chances of my being reassembled incorrectly... Highly unlikely. But not impossible? That's a word I stopped using nine years ago when I joined the Stargate program. This planet was chosen for several reasons, including its unique radioactive ionosphere, which makes it difficult to lock onto surface targets from orbit. So no one can steal the Stargate. You can't be too careful these days. We have over 30 scientists engaged in ongoing projects here at any given time. This is Dr. Myers, our lead entomologist. Doctor, would you mind telling us a little about your research? Yes. I'm studying an asexual, fast-reproducing insect responsible for the devastation of numerous offworld crops.</i> A space bug? Right. Space bugs. However, for the purposes of my research, I refer to them as R75. Now, the fact that these insects have only manifested themselves on planets recently visited by Priors makes their analysis a top priority. Is there anything to indicate that this is more than mere coincidence? No, not yet. Now, our initial research proved incredibly challenging due to the short lifespans of the R75 specimens, until we succeeded in dramatically increasing their life cycles by depriving them of sustenance. They feed, and they die, within a matter of hours. They starve, and they live. So far, it's been three days and counting. Would you stop that, please? A bit lethargic, aren't they? They're nocturnal. No. They function during the daylight. They just prefer the darkness. They spend most of their time burrowing underground, consuming crops from the roots up. Now, R75 also displays a rather interesting defense mechanism, which we're still in the process of studying. Observe. Echolocation. Exactly. I theorize they use it to detect their enemies, such as birds for instance... Alright. Dr. Myers. - Let's move on. - Well, I'm not done yet. We get the idea. Thanks. Our next stop is Dr. Sharma, our lead botanist. Seriously, what are we doing here? Honest answer? PR for the Stargate program. I'm telling you, today it's escorting foreign delegates on offworld tours, tomorrow it's comic book conventions - and supermarket openings. - I know how you feel, but if we can somehow reassure the IOA - of the job Stargate command is doing... - Daniel Jackson, the problem is not the IOA. Okay, if we can somehow reassure the Chinese government... Oh, I think they're looking for more than reassurances. Well, can you blame them? I mean - three years ago, we promised to share all offworld technologies... - Of a non-military nature. That wasn't in the original wording of the agreement. Look, I don't want to argue about this. - I'm right. We'll leave it at that. - Compelling argument. Teal'c, what do you think? I think I should have remained with the tour. Science fair's over. Looks like Dr. Toshiaki's magnetic resonance field study was the crowd favorite. How wonderful for him. What's for lunch? Meatloaf, monday. Do you mind if I go grab something? Take your time. I'm gonna run some tests. Come and get it. Not hungry? You can't possibly have a taste for... For meatloaf? Don't feel like joining us at the other table? - I'm just in the middle of... - Okay, don't mind if I do. Sorry, you were just in the middle of something. Taking notes on my visit here... while the details are still fresh on my mind. This tour has provided me some wonderful insight into tedious offworld research and the lunch menu here on your Gamma site. - Well, believe it or not, the... - Is this where you tell me, the SGC has no choice but to maintain its air of secrecy surrounding its operations? That, as an outsider, I could never understand nor appreciate the work you all do, saving our planet time and again? Well, actually, I was going to say, believe it or not, the meatloaf's pretty good. In the three years since our nations signed the Gate alliance treaty, your government has made great strides in the field of military technology, but left us out in the cold. Well, I hate to say it, but so long as the U.S. military is running the show, that's just the way it's gonna be. Perhaps it's time that changed. There's no way the american military will ever give up control of the Stargate program. Maybe it won't have a choice in the matter. - So what did the tests say? - I don't know. I was called in to help Santiago with his mealworm situation. You know, Pullman, if I wasn't such a patient man, I swear... Oh, my God. All clear. Damn thing bit me. I must say, Colonel, the scope of the facility has surpassed my expectations. Yes, quite remarkable. For my part, I'm somewhat disappointed. I was hoping the tour would be a little more thorough. The Gamma site is a U.S. Military facility, Miss Shen. Access to some of the more sensitive areas is restricted. Dr. Myers... are you okay? R75 breached containment, and we had to exercise a disposal protocol. Dr. Myers was bitten, but he went to the infirmary to get checked out and they didn't find anything wrong with him. How the hell did the bugs breach containment? Well, Dr. Myers thinks he may have triggered some sort of massive reproduction cycle after feeding them a piece of meatloaf. Wait a minute. R75 is omnivorous? Carnivorous, actually. They seem to have lost their taste for plants. The representatives are getting a little anxious. I'm afraid I'm going to have to insist that we be permitted to return to Earth as scheduled. I'm sorry, Mr. Woolsey. No one's going anywhere. This base is under lockdown until we can establish the source of Dr. Myers' condition. Where's he going? Back to Earth, where he'll be quarantined. He gets to go back? We don't have the medical facilities for this. If we don't send him back, he could die. I am sorry this is totally unacceptable. The Pentagon will be hearing from the IOA about this, and you can be certain your name will be mentioned, Colonel. Carnivorous. Move, now! This is outrageous. Mr. Woolsey assured me that we would be leaving on schedule. - Back to the elevator, we're going upstairs. - What's going on? We have a bit of a bug problem. You don't want to be last. I'll explain everything. I don't understand. What happened to him? Well, I can't say for sure, but my guess is that the bug must have laid its eggs in him. They incubated, and when they hatched... Well, we know they eat meat. I'm sorry I asked. Well, I think we're past the point of coincidence. There's no question these bugs are the Priors' follow up to the virus. And it appears they were designed to circumvent any attempt to forestall their destructive nature. Deny them crops, and their physiology adapts to an alternate food source. Yeah, us. Colonel Pearson? Colonel, do you read? It's alright. I imagine it's just a little power fluctuation. Nothing to worry about. Oh, damn it. That's enough of this. Colonel, what's the situation? Not good. There were thousands of those things in the pod. They killed one of my men before we retreated. We lost the Gate room? - We need to take it back. - Sounds like a plan. Mr. Woolsey... my men will escort you and your people to the surface, get you to a safe location, get you as far away from here as possible until this situation is contained. I don't think so. Excuse me? SG-1 will escort us out. They're here to ensure the safety of this delegation. You understand that no one gets off this planet until the Gate is retaken. And I'm sure colonel Pearson and his people will do everything in their power to make sure that happens. In the meantime, you will take us to the surface. You will protect us, as per your orders from the pentagon. Alright. Get them out of here. Excuse me. Surely we could have taken a jeep. We're headed to an unmanned research station. It's located approximately 10 clicks from here through dense forest. Then I have to ask if this is really necessary. I mean, couldn't we just wait here until colonel Pearson gives us the all clear? Our orders were to take you to the research station. That's where we're going. Teal'c? What is that? It's the bugs. What's happening? We have to move! Now! Hold up! Hold up. I think we can assume the bugs got off the base. They must be using their echolocation as a mean to hunt their prey. Us. She means us. Where can we go? They move underground. We need rocky terrain, somewhere difficult for them to move. We can try the caves. This way. Get them inside. They're coming. They're highly sensitive to sound. The concussive force of our weapons should be enough to drive them back. Are you serious? Fine. Where do we shoot? Just fire at the ground! Very nice. Alright, folks, listen up. We're surrounded by rock here, so there's no way the bugs are digging in. We've got the entrance covered. Everything's gonna be fine. Until we run out of bullets. Bullets. Yeah. What do you have for me, Chief? Sir, we were unable to acquire a video feed from the surveillance cameras in the Gamma site Gate room, but I've managed to pick up motion sensor telemetry. What have you found out? I learned that bugs still creep me out. It all started when I was a kid, and my parents took me out on this picnic, and this bug crawled up on me... maybe you'd prefer to hear this story another time. I doubt it. Oh, well... After careful analysis of the telemetry we got back from the Gamma site Gate room, I have determined that this is our culprit, R75. The Prior bugs. Yeah, well, that connection is yet to be determined, but you know, we were originally investigating this pesky little crop-killer as a possible weapon against the addictive kassa harvests being produced and distributed by the Lucian Alliance, and the various specimens we got from different offworld locations were incredibly voracious, so voracious that they would literally eat themselves to death, but when deprived of nourishment, - these insects underwent some sort of... - Fascinating. How do we kill them? Well, I mean, given the updated data, I should be able to whip something up. Very well. As per protocol CR91, we'll be sending the Odyssey to deliver the payload from planetary orbit. CR91? Sir? The toxin will be lethal to humans as well. I mean... we'll have to be sure that the Gamma site is evacuated before we deploy it. That's assuming there's anyone left to evacuate. On the bright side, I was worried that my report would make for a boring read. So, I'm guessing we're gonna lose points for this little incident. To be honest with you, my report is a mere formality. Ultimately, it'll have no bearing on my government's plan of action in regard to the Stargate program. What exactly should we be expecting down the line? - Dr. Jackson... - Daniel. Daniel... maybe now is not the right time to be having this conversation. When would be a good time? Perhaps when we're all back on Earth and not having to worry about being eaten alive by alien insects. Look, I understand your government has issues with Stargate command, but you cannot deny the accomplishments, nor the - significant... - That has nothing to do with it. Daniel, let me ask you something. If, nine years ago, it had been my country, not the United States military, that had given you the opportunity to travel to the stars, would it have made a difference to you? - Would you have turned us down? - No, of course not.</i> So long as the priority remained offworld exploration that could benefit Earth, I would have gladly accepted the offer. I may hold you to that someday. At ease. Colonel Pearson, come in. Pearson, come in. Gamma site, do you read? - Damn it. - If they haven't answered by now... Yeah, I know. You okay? Yes, Sir, I'm fine. I'm just a little bit rattled, is all. We have heard nothing from the Gamma site since we left. I fear we must assume the worst and plan accordingly. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. We cannot remain here indefinitely. Eventually, this position will be overrun. Yeah, we need to get as far away as possible. Well, given the rate these bugs are multiplying, it's doubtful we could outpace them on foot. We must return for the F-302s. He's gone! - Airman Walker's missing. - What do you mean, missing?</i> I just went to the front to check on him. He's not there anymore. Perhaps he's just stepped out to relieve himself. We'll be back. Walker. Think I got something. Coming to you. We're too late. Walker! Hey! Just take it easy. Wait. Don't move. Jackson... why don't you go back to the cave, tell Carter that Teal'c and I are going for the 302s. Where are you planning on landing them? We'll do an aerial surveillance we'll find some place and then we'll come back, we'll get everybody, and ferry them to a safe location. Okay, where would that be? Far away from here. Right, okay, well. Good luck. Let me ask you a question. In all the years you were fighting the Goa'uld, did you ever just step back and say, "sooner or later, our luck's going to run out. We're going to get our asses kicked?" Never. Never, not once? Even though you were massively outnumbered, fighting an opponent with superior technology and firepower? They may have had the superior forces and resources, but we possessed something far greater. Which was? A just cause. I had no doubt the Goa'uld would be defeated. Perhaps not in my lifetime, but I knew eventually they would fall, and I have no doubt the same fate awaits the Ori. See, that's what I like about you. You're always positive. Hell, you're probably already past this bug situation, thinking about what movie you want to watch tomorrow night. I was considering "Old school". My boy blue. What was that? Wait here. Teal'c, Cameron, what's your status? We're okay, Carter. What happened? Looks like the base self-destruct triggered. The Gamma site's gone. How could the self-destruct have been triggered? The bugs must have gotten into the system. What difference does it make now? - The base has been destroyed! - Please, calm down.</i> Don't tell me to calm down! - If we'd been allowed to leave on schedule... - Please, keep your voice down.</i> I am sick of being told what to do. Why should I listen to you? Why should any of us listen to you? Because you are alerting the bugs to our presence. Colonel, a word. I understand you're doing everything in your power to help us, and I appreciate that, but I think you're being a bit insensitive to our needs right now. All I'm asking is for a little reassurance, a few words to let them know that everything is gonna be okay. I don't think it's too much to ask, all things considered. Mr. Woolsey, if I could go back in time, which, admittedly, is an opportunity I am occasionally presented with, I would have made sure that we left the base as scheduled, but the reality is, for the time being, we are stuck here, trapped in this cave, surrounded by predatory insects, with no way of getting to the Stargate. Now, I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have a hard time mustering up a convincing pep talk, all things considered. I see. In that case, I'd just like to point out that this routine offworld excursion has turned into a disaster, and the ramifications for Stargate command will be enormous. Saving our lives would go a long way toward minimizing the damage. I'll keep that in mind. Don't worry. She said everything is going to be okay. I'm telling you, it's time you got your own place. I endeavored to establish a life offbase last year. I even went so far as to acquire my own apartment. Unfortunately, it did not work out. Yeah, I know you got framed for murder, but you can't let one bad experience put you off. Hell, the first time I moved out, I lived next door to a guy who practiced his drum solos all night long. When we get back, - I'm going to help you find your own place. - No, that will be unnecessary. Dude, what are friends for? For listening when they are told, that will be unnecessary. What the hell is taking them? Where are you guys? Requesting radio silence. I think we're good to go. Perhaps we should keep any unnecessary conversation to a minimum. Okay. Sir? Just received a subspace transmission from the Odyssey. Its E.T.A. is five hours... and the Pentagon's on line two. Thank you, Chief. Landry here. - Alright, scratch plan B. - What do we do now?</i> If the Gate is buried, they won't be able to send a rescue team. Which means they'll send the Odyssey. In fact, it's probably already on its way here, so all you've got to do is sit back, relax. Everything's going to be fine. Theoretically. Theoretically? Theoretically, yes, the Odyssey could come and beam us off the planet's surface. But? Look, I'm sorry, but there's no point in sugar-coating this. If Stargate command is operating under the assumption that the base has been lost, they'll enact protocol CR91. What's that? Once in orbit, the Odyssey will launch a payload, probably a neurotoxin, that will wipe out R75. That will allow Stargate command to mount a salvage operation of the Gamma site. But they'll beam us out of here first. Our transmitters won't work because of the interference in the atmosphere. What about our life signs? Because the bugs are multiplying at an alarming rate, and because of the fact that we are completely surrounded,</i> the Odyssey won't be able to pick up our individual readings inside a sea of life signs. Oh, my God. What you're saying is that they're coming out all this way, but instead of rescuing us, they're going to kill us with poison gas? Because they have no way of knowing that we're still here. Then we're going to die on this planet, 25,000 light years from Earth. Hey, relax. For starters, it's only 24,000 light years. What's your E.T.A. for Odyssey? Well, I have no way of knowing exactly when it was sent, but given the approximate time that Stargate command lost contact with the Gamma site,</i> and allowing for the production of the toxin I'd say inside of a few hours. We must find a way to contact the Odyssey to let their crew know that we are alive. Except our only way of communicating with that ship went up with the Gamma base. Maybe not. The research station. It must have some sort of communication array that allows it to transmit data back to the Gamma site. But is it capable of reaching a ship in planetary orbit? It could, if I had some time to work on it. Then all we have to do is get to the research station. Right, and the only thing between us and it... is five miles of forest and a whole lot of bugs. Piece of cake. Keep moving. I cannot. We're almost there. That is what you said almost half an hour ago. The transmission we'll be sending will enable the Odyssey to triangulate our position and pick up our individual life signs, but we all have to be within the target area. We've been walking for hours. We don't have time to sit around. We are in violent agreement. You know what? Sit here. You cover our 6, but stay alert. You'll hear the bugs coming. The tree ferrets give no warning. Tree ferrets? Yeah, nasty buggers. Swoop down and separate a man's head from his torso before he can blink. You... you're lying. Wait! We're almost there. Stop saying that. There it is. Let's pick up the pace. Frack! Let's go! Look out, look out! Can you do it? Colonel, is it working? It's too late. We're too late. They're right outside. Is it going to work? Do you think you can make it... Shut up, shut up! Let her do her work! Thank you, Mr. Woolsey. You're welcome. How's it going? I need to significantly boost the power in order to penetrate the radioactivity in the ionosphere. Alright, boost it already. Yeah, I think I'm good. The vibrations being generated by the communications array must be attracting the bugs. Think you can hold them off? Is this a bad time to tell you we're almost out of ammo? It's time to improvise. Okay, go. How long before they receive the transmission? They should pick it up as soon as they enter orbit, but like I said, we have no way of knowing when that's gonna be. How long can they hold off the bugs? They are approaching from the right. Well, the motion sensors work. That pushed them back a little. Over here! That's the last charge. Miss Shen suffered a broken ankle and has taken an indefinite leave. Mr. Lapierre and Mr. Chapman, meanwhile, have gone back to work, none the worse for wear. What kind of fallout should we be expecting from all of this? Surprisingly minimal. You may face an official reprimand, but the IOA recognizes the fact that these were circumstances beyond your control. It may seem like they do an inordinate amount of complaining, but off the record, the IOA has nothing but praise for the job you're doing here. Just don't let it go to your heads. Well, I'm heading back to Washington. Thank you again for the offworld tour. It was... an eye-opening experience. While you were gone, we received reports that two more planets have been hit by these bugs. R&D are working on solutions that target these insects without harming other plant and animal life. I thought I'd lost you there. Nice to have you back. So, we still doing movie night? Yeah, why not. Good. Already picked something out... Old school?