and that they built many Astreaporta. - Stargates. - The Ancients built the Stargates. Well it stands to reason that they weren't always called the Ancients. These stones are actually an ancient form of communication device that links the users psychically, allowing the user to see through each others eyes. Where are we? I don't know, but I think we're in them. It's possible it was meant to work this way so that we can communicate with others, without intruding on the minds of those we're connected to. They're just temporary transmitters. Not quite what I imagined when I pictured a civilization of gate builders. - You're not allowed to investigate your own history? - If such a history contradicts the book of Origin. - You're heretics. - What if these Gods, the Ori, are the people left behind by the Alterans? You think they ascended. What are you gonna do? We are gathering as much evidence as we can and keep hidden those artifacts which prove our claims, in case one or more of us are discovered. - Daniel? - You're killing an innocent person! She's in VFIB! Code blue. You will come with me. Where are we? The planes of Celestus. And that? City of the Gods. Maybe you can tell me who you are. I am a Prior of the Ori. And what is that? In time. All in due time. I guess we'll just wait here. Is that what we're gonna do? Hallowed are the Ori. Season 9 - Episode 3 Origin Both Daniel and Vala's vitals have been stable for two hours now. What about disconnecting them from the device? Dr. Lee has been unable to remove the stones. We haven't tried C4 yet Sir. Dr. Lee is working on disabling the power source, but given that the device is tied directly into their minds, I recommend we proceed with caution. I understand. But if one or both of them run into trouble again, I'm ordering you to take whatever action is necessary to shut that thing down! Teal'c, a word. What can you tell me about this Gerak fella? He was First Prime of Montou. A minor Goa'uld who served Ra, then later fell in with Baal when Ra was killed. After the fall of the Goa'uld, Baal's armada was led by a Jaffa named Hubr'ok. Hubr'ok was an ally of Bra'tac and would have supported our desire to reform the Jaffa nation with democracy. However, approximately four months ago, Hubr'ok disappeared. You think Gerak had something to do with it? Though no evidence has been uncovered, shortly after Hubr'ok's disappearance, Gerak emerged as spokesperson for the more traditional ways of the Jaffa High Council. Which he could control. Through a series of slow and deliberate manipulations, the council played squarely into Gerak's hands. Well, that makes him one of the most powerful guys out there. At least that we know of. I suppose I should meet him face to face. I will extend your invitation. Alright Daniel. What does it say? Well it seems to fall into suit with many of the religions I've studied. They tend to weave their doctrines into simple fable like narratives, with characters that are meant to be identifiable with the common individual. Well why don't you read one to me? I love a good yarn. They all seem to teach meditation on one's worth and significance. The path of righteousness towards a state of higher being. What? I'm starving. The central icon of the religion seems to be fire. I don't need a book to tell me that. That would make sense. Fire is light, energy, warmth. And yet, on Earth at some point, fire became associated with demonic imagery. Things that are evil. Hell, not Heaven. And? I'm just wondering if the Ancients had something to do with that. Tell you what? Why don't you flip to the end and see how it all turns out. The village of Veraga has been corrupted. We didn't do it, I promise. We are connected to these people, Harrid and Sallis, by means of a communication device that was brought to our galaxy a long time ago by a race of people called the Alterans. Also known as the Ancients... Look, the point is, we meant no harm. We're explorers. You know of others in Veraga? Others? Unbelievers. Oh, I'm sorry. Do you want us to tell on people who don't believe in the Ori? Devotion is rewarded. Those who stray must be guided back to the path. Seems to me, those who stray get burnt to death. The Ori gave all men and women free will. If the Ori are so powerful, why do they need us to tell them who believes in them and who doesn't? The Ori need nothing from us. It is we who must seek the truth of the universe, in order to achieve enlightenment. Been down this road before. At ease Colonel. How are they doing? There's no change, Sir. I know you're concerned for them, so am I. But I've got something else for you to do. Sir. Just got a report from Dr. Lindsay on P3X-421. Lindsay. Anthropologist, right? She's been working with the Human population on 421. Helping them get over the loss of their former false god. Trouble? Well it seems a missionary of sorts came through the gate yesterday and started spouting a religion we haven't encountered before. Not that we have a problem with people exploring different faiths. I suspect we'll see a lot of opportunists trying to fill the void left by the Goa'uld, Sir. This new found freedom is quickly going to bring about desperation, if people don't learn to defend for themselves. A lot of these, shall we say, sheltered civilizations, could potentially be taken advantage of by a charlaton with a flashy bag of tricks. And in this case? Well, this missionary is apparently trying to prove the validity of his claims by performing miracles. Miracles. I'd like you to take SG-12 and check it out. Yes Sir. Emeca was forgiven his transgression and found his way back to the path. I can't take much more of this. I'm sorry to interrupt, but if you've brought us here to try to convert us, I think it's fair to tell you that we're really not in the market for new gods. The will of the Ori brought you here. I suppose we could talk to one of these Ori. Of course. Well great! That would be great! Speak and they shall hear you. Okay. You can torture us all you want with your rhetoric, but we're not gonna crack. Well, I might. But we're not going to tell you anything because we don't know anything. Am I right? Can I talk to your boss? The... The Doci. The one who speaks the word of the Ori. Like Ageadius of Valdair, I need to speak things that can only be spoken in the light of the fire. Come with me. Could you not have asked that an hour ago? I've been listening to him drone on and on. - Not you. - What? Not who? Not me? But I... I'll wait here. Quite the hefty rise. Welcome. As he lay there, dying in the sun, the sands of the desert all around him, Petris spoke to the rock. Not with his lips, but with his mind. And the rock wept tears of fresh water and his thirst was quenched. Fear not the Ori. Fear the darkness that would conceal the knowledge of the universe. Believe in the truth of all things and you too may find the path to enlightenment. And a man has no greater thing under the sun, but eat, drink and be merry. Ecclesiaste's, my favourite. My Grandma was a bit of a Bible thumper. Weekends with Grandma meant long, long Sundays at St Hilda's church of the Grand Epiphany. Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell, how are you doing? I am a Prior of the Ori. It's nice to meet you. Your arrival here was foreseen. No kidding. So you see the future, do you? Lessons of days gone by teach us what will come to pass. I'm a bit of a history buff myself. Doesn't help me pick the lotto numbers though. So, where are you from? Where we come from and where we are going, are all the same. Oh I get ya. Wherever you go, there you are. I think that's Buckaroo Bonzai. Me? I'm from a little planet called Earth. The home of Daniel Jackson. He never mentioned that before. You know Dr. Jackson, do you? From him did we learn of your need. Our need for what? The revelation of your destiny. Doci. Leave us. Hello, I'm... Daniel Jackson. Right. From the planet Earth. OK. So you know my name and where I'm from, so I assume you also know how I'm connected to this man's mind. Why I'm here. You see, we're explorers. We'd very much like to get to know you. Your society. How you came to be. A Prior has been dispatched to the place from whence you've come. Really. You can do that. I thought we were in another galaxy. It is the will of the Ori, that we should spread Origin to all those blessed by their creation. OK, well, then you should understand that there are many different kinds of people in the place from whence I come. People who believe in many different things. They shall find the path to enlightenment. Right. Well I think you should also understand that they may not see your way as the only way. The power and the greatness of the Ori cannot be denied! Those who reject the path to enlightenment, must be destroyed. Right. I was afraid of that. George Washington, one of our country's founding fathers and first President, once said, true friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and understand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation. The First Prime of Horus, Kar'ek of the High Plains once said, there is more honour in dying at the hands of a brother, than there is killing a would-be friend. He was a wise man. He was killed shortly after losing one of the greatest battles in history. Oh well, I hope it wasn't his brother that shot him. It was me. The Jaffa was a fool in every respect. He did not deserve an honourable death. I see. Unscheduled incoming wormhole! I'd better see what this is about. Teal'c, please escort our guest to the briefing room. The Book of Origin says, those who seek the path to enlightenment must not be led astray! Right. See, that could be interpreted a number of different ways. I think maybe I know what the Ori are. Who they are. And I'm not denying they are very powerful beings, but if I'm right, they're not Gods. They're like the ascended beings I know. They simply have a greater understanding of the knowledge of the universe. What is a God, but a being that is worshipped by those beneath? Is great knowledge, power, understanding not enough for you to revere the Ori? Respect, yes certainly. But... that doesn't mean I would murder innocent people in their name. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, whether the Ori have spoken to you directly and told you to worship them. Or whether you've misinterpreted some evidence you've found along the way and developed this religion on your own. I can't speak for everyone in my galaxy, but in my own humble opinion, I don't believe that any individual or society can achieve enlightenment through fear-mongering and forced servitude, no matter what power is presented as evidence. That's something the ascended beings I know, very clearly seemed to understand. Don't get me wrong, I mean, we should all try to better ourselves. I mean, if ascension really is the ultimate end we're trying to achieve, then so be it, but... we should all be allowed to get there or not of our own free will. You can kill me for saying that, but that is what I believe in. And nothing you say or do will ever change my mind. Come. The Ori hear you. We do not require blind faith. Only that you believe what you see and know it to be true. I realize this is just a friendly meeting, but on behalf of our planet's leaders, I've been asked to present a few thoughts for you to consider. Some points that we can discuss in the future. Possibly looking forward to an official treaty between our world and the Jaffa nation. Who is that? Lt Col Mitchell, SG-12 and a gentleman we encountered on another planet, who claims that he represents some Gods called the Ori. I think we have yet to see the real fallout from dismantling the infrastructure established by the Goa'uld. Indeed. We have already seen the rise of individuals and organizations who have threatened to challenge us. There are as many Humans out there as there are Jaffa. But if we don't continue to work together, the victory that we both worked so long and hard for, could result in chaos. We are Ori. You instruct these people to worship you. We are their creators. All who follow the path will join us in enlightenment. Do you know who the Alterans are? Those who abandon the path are evil. Evil? Why? They shielded you. Really. I didn't really think they did much of anything for us, but I guess I was wrong. The truth of the universe has been obstructed. All will learn the power of the Ori. Hallowed are the Ori Vitals are returning to normal. I wonder what that was all about? I don't know, but he was in some sort of distress. We can't seem to disconnect the stones or turn off the device. It is the will of the Ori. Figured you might say that. Are you sure there's nothing you can do? You help us out, I guarantee we'll be more receptive to those stories you wanna tell. Call it a miracle if you want. When Hanomere fell from above and learn't to fly on the way down, that was a miracle. Right. These planets you've mentioned, all have plentiful naquadah mines on them. And substantial Human populations. Whose side are you on, Jaffa? There are no sides here. Just topics of conversation. I wish to meet this Prior of the Ori. If he preaches faith in false Gods, then that is a concern for all of us. I wish to hear his claims and challenge him. What's going on? This is bad. Worse than being burned to death? It appears our ascended Ancients and the Ori have a slight difference of opinion. See the Ori seem to think that because they're ascended, Human beings should worship them. All Humans. And if we don't? Then the world where we're living should be destroyed. I don't think enlightenment means what they think it means. See, apparently, our Ascended Ancients have been shielding our existence from the Ori. They've been protecting us. The Ori seem to think that our Ancients are evil because they haven't shared the secrets of the universe with us. Well I hate secrets. At least the ones I don't know. See the problem is, the Ori now know our galaxy is inhabited by Humans, because of us! I refuse to accept the blame for that. Curiosity is part of Human nature. Look, if the Ancients knew that the Ori were so bad, why didn't they stop us from coming here? Free will. Right. If they have been protecting us, there's no reason to believe they won't continue. The Ancients may protect us from the Ori, but not their Human followers. See Ancients won't interfere on any lower planes of existence. If anybody from our galaxy wants to worship the Ori, apparently that's our choice. And they won't stop Priors from coming through the gate because apparently they've already sent one. The Ori have given Priors special power and that's not fair. They're still Human and highly evolved Humans can have some pretty amazing abilities. They're using the secrets of the universe that the Ori have given them, to spread world of the Ori's Godliness and when people don't see the light, it's gonna be... What are we gonna do? I don't know. I'm starting to think that sending Priors is just the beginning. We could be talking crusade here. We need to warn Earth. We need to get out of these people. Take the unbelievers back to Veraga. Let its cleansing mark forever the beginning of a new age. Evil has raised a great many unbelievers in a far off place. They must be shown the path. Hallowed are the Ori. Hallowed are the Ori. What are they doing? Why did he bring us back here? I think he's using us to weed out any other heretics that might be here. I still don't get why the Ori just don't do it themselves. They're supposed to be Gods. Aren't Gods all seeing, all knowing, all powerful? The universe is infinite remember? Apparently that's a lot to keep track of. I suppose. They didn't even know about our galaxy. Well, until recently. It's not our fault. You'd think at least they keep on top of their own people. I get the feeling the Ori that their devout followers do their enforcing for them to confirm their loyalty. OK. Why did we let the Prior bring us back here? Well, because I don't think he was gonna give us much choice. And besides, I'm starting to think that might be our best way to contact Earth and warn them about what we know. How? Well Phanis said that his sect have found other artifacts. You think they also have a terminal device to go with the stones. If they do and we can find it and hook up the stones, well we will get this communication thing going both ways. Right. If the Prior is using us to weed out other unbelievers. How do we make contact with Phanis without giving him away? We can't. You do not believe in a higher power? Well it's complicated. There are a lot of different points of view about that subject around here. The Jaffa have recently shed the dominance of false Gods that have enslaved us for many generations. But many have long believed in a path to enlightenment. Origin will guide you on this path. Those who revere its wisdom, shall be uplifted. I have come to spread the word to the unbelievers who have been sheltered and raised by evil. You have no idea how much he sounds like my Grandma. It's a pretty big village and I suspect that Phanis and his gang did a reasonable job of hiding sacrilegious artifacts. Well we have to do something. No, no, no! Phanis! You shouldn't have come. They're using us to get to you! So I suspected. Either that or you've truly come to see the power of the Ori. Bloody likely. You have to leave. If I can help you speak the reality of our existence to your people, maybe one day in turn, you'll spread that word back here. You said you had other artifacts besides the stones. I'll show you. No, just tell me! Now we're looking for a large dome shaped object with a blue crystal on top. The stones fit inside of it. Come. Phanis! You're risking your life. Harrid, Sallis and I, all those who believe as we do, have known for some time that we may give our lives for our cause. We only hope one day the truth comes to bear as a result. And... Something just happened. Phanis? And the people shall deliver the wicked unto your divine judgment. Where their sins shall be weighed in balance with all that is just and true. The Ori are great! I love the Ori! I am a believer! What's the matter with you people! I'm telling you, I've seen the light!! I don't think they're buying it. Ah, I've heard you do better! Glorious are the Ori who lead us to salvation. Who did fight the evil that would doom us to mortal sin. Did they defeat the old spirits and cast them out. And now for the strength of our will, they do call upon us to prevail against the corruption of all unbelievers. Well, second times a charm. The Ori do not shield this knowledge as others might, selfish in their powerful advantage. They lead you to their realm with the path that is laid out in the book of Origin. All you need do is follow their teachings. I'm very sorry, you'll have to excuse us for a moment. Please continue. Colonel. They woke up just for a moment and then they lost consciousness again. Did they say anything? Yes they did. Guide us on the path so that we may triumph over the enemy of our salvation and be with you in the end of ends, on the plains of enlightenment. What's the meaning of this? Very sorry, we've just received some information about our visitor here, which demands we take every precaution. We'll have to take the staff, Sir. And you'll have to come with us. I demand to know what you've learned! All I wish to do is spread the word of the Ori to your world. Actually, that was never going to happen. Then I must leave at once! That's not gonna happen either. Hallowed are the Ori. Hallowed are the Ori. Hallowed are the Ori. Code Blue. Medical emergency to science lab one. Repeat code blue.</i> Same as before, only this time it's both of them. Now hold on. This device draws its power directly from subspace. It'll react very badly to an explosion. You can't blow it up. Perhaps we should send it through the Stargate. Genius. No! It also uses subspace to communicate with another galaxy across the universe. I mean, there's no reason to believe that Daniel and Vala won't stay connected to it, even from another planet! I have a different idea. Tell them to start dialing the Gate. Where too? Wherever. Wherever. Alright. Chevron 2 encoded. Chevron 3 encoded. Walter. Orders from Colonel Mitchell, Sir. Proceed. Chevron 4 encoded. Out of the way! Chevron 6 encoded. Not yet Walter! Not yet! Halting dialing sequence. Blood pressure's dropping, their heart rates rising, they're going into shock. Now! Resuming dialing sequence! Chevron seven, locked! Charge at 200. Clear! General Landry. Dr Lam say's that Daniel and Vala have regained consciousness. Well done! You see, that's what I'm talking about! You have served the Ori well. I bow in humble account. Come and gaze upon the flames of enlightenment. Let its power wash over you. Great holy armies shall be gathered and trained to fight all who embrace evil. In the name of the Gods, ships shall be built to carry our warriors out amongst the stars and we will spread Origin to all the unbelievers! The power of the Ori will be felt far and wide and the wicked shall be vanquished. Hallowed are the Ori. Hallowed are the Ori. Thank you. General Landry is ready for us. So you think we should expect more of these Priors to show up? I would be very surprised if they didn't. How? We know one came through the Stargate, but if their galaxy is so far away. I suspect the Ori have the power to make a lot of things happen. Still for the Priors, I think we can assume it's a one way trip. Don't think they have a problem with self sacrifice. You think the Ancients here in our galaxy will continue to stop the Ori from using their power to attack us directly? I hope so. So how do we fight these guys? And I mean the message as much as the men. A lot of folks out there are gonna buy what these guys are selling. Hopefully now, many have been educated to the ways of false Gods. Yes, but we're not talking about Humans with snakes in their heads and a slightly better understanding of technology. You see, the power isn't false. The Priors are gonna offer to people what will seem like proof of God. Proof of powerful beings is not proof of God. I'm not saying it is. Look, just because we know there are some beings on a higher plane of existence than ourselves, does not mean there is not an order of being higher than them. Least I reckon that's what my Grandma would say. The universe is supposedly infinite. Which in my book, makes it impossible to know everything. I mean, somewhere in there you gotta fill in the blanks with a little faith. I had a Grandma too. So. Business as usual Sir? Let them bring it. We'll use our strengths against their weaknesses. That's a pretty good strategy for any kind of business you're in. I'm glad you two are OK. Amen. Hey! Wow, what the hell are you doing here? Nice to see you too. No, I'm awfully sorry. I just wasn't expecting to see you. Ah well, I was in the neighbourhood and I've got a little surprise for Mitchell. Oh. Yeah, he loved the last one. The... fact that you didn't tell him that we were all moving onto different positions. Yeah. Sorry you missed Daedalus. No you're not. You're right. I'm not. Listen, I just had a briefing with Landry about your stuff. Sounds like it could be a problem. Well... We've been up against some pretty bad guys before. Not so pretty. Overdressed, yes. Through some tough situations. That we always won. Yeah, but didn't you feel that was because we had someone looking out for us? I don't think I would say this to anyone else, but for the first time, I'm scared. I'm hungry. Me too. Come on. Yeah man! This is good. Still a rush. Yeah. I didn't know why you didn't get back on the horse-seater, except I didn't think you could take one of these things for a joyride. You see, that's one of the great things about being a General. You pretty much get to do whatever you want. Especially after you saved the world seven or eight times. Who's counting? Teal'c. Actually, he mentions it quite often. So Mitchell. I hear you haven't picked out your team yet. I'm hoping I won't have to, Sir. Why, did General Landry say something about it, Sir? He did. Are you going to tell me Sir? He said you're gonna be fine, Mitchell. Thank you Sir.