come here myself and make sure you were… thoroughly searched. This is a little keepsake. Something to remember you by. This is a priceless artifact. As priceless as the memories we share. Well. Thank you. - I hate long goodbyes. - OK, Goodbye. Don't I even get a hug? Daniel! Don't make this harder than it already is. Can't blame a girl for trying. No, I can. Jackson, hey! Where's your girlfriend? She left about an hour ago. Men, I missed the going away party? Hope you saved me a piece of cake. Now that she's gone, I can finally get some work done around here. Yeah about that. The whole SG-1 thing? You never gave me a firm answer. What do you say we make it official? Jackson? Jackson? Jackson! I need a med team on level 25! Good morning sunshine. How you feeling? Better. What happened? We're not exactly sure. But Dr Lam here thinks it may have something to do with those alien cuffs. Why does one assume that? Well, you were completely unresponsive when we brought you in, but your condition suddenly improved when she came back. Miss me? Season 9 - Episode 4 The Ties That Bind Walter. - Just the man I was looking for. - Sir, we have to talk about your schedule and according to this you're going to be in meetings all day. - Hell I am! - Sir? After two months on this base, I've come to realise that an alarming portion of these meetings are a complete waste of my time. This is all housekeeping. You can handle it. - Me? No, I don't think so Sir. I'm not-- - Walter! - Don't make me promote you. - No Sir. Yes Sir. I mean, what? - Just.. Just write up the highlights and leave them on my desk. - General? - Dr. Lam. What's... what's the latest on Dr Jackson? Well, as evidenced by Vala's departure and immediate return, they can't be separated for much more than an hour before they begin to feel the effects. If she hadn't come back when she did, I suspect they'd both be dead. I thought it was supposed to stop when they took the wristbands off. It was. Dr. Lee is theorizing that it might have something to do with the Ancient communication device they found. It's possible that the two technologies brought together somehow combined to create a more permanent bond. I see. Colonel. This is a waste of time. - Do me a favour. Shut up. - It's not like I wanted this to happen anyway. I'm being realistic. He has no idea what he's doing. I'm standing right here. He can do all the tests he wants, it's not going to get us anywhere. Look, I know we're scraping the bottom of the barrel here, but it's not like we have a lot of choice, unless you happen to know someone else who understands this technology! You know someone? Someone who can help us? No. And yes. Wait, we're not done here yet! Who? A scientist who was studying the bracelets at one point. Well let's go see him. - No! Out of the question. - Why? - I'd rather not say. - This is the guy you stole the bracelets from, right? How dare you assume that I acquired those bracelets through anything but honest means? - I may have a less than perfect reputation, ... - You told me you stole them! Did I? Yes! Anyway, he won't help us. Correction, he won't help you. Fine. But if we're going, - we'll need a change of clothes. - Fine! Fine. Tell you what, these outfits make a bold statement. You don't reckon Landry's gonna make us work them into the rotation, do you? Let me see. That's a camouflage green and undercover rawhide. It's got a nice ring to it. Well this better be quick, 45 minutes away from your girlfriend, you're gonna turn into a pumpkin and I'm gonna have to haul your ass back there. Gentlemen! How can I help you? Well, we require your expertise. Expertise! Well you are the foremost expert on alien technology on this planet. Foremost? Well, I don't know if I'm the foremost expert. I might be among the top five. Are you familiar with these? Yes, yes. I actually owned a pair myself up until not too long ago. So you know how they work? Of course! The bracelets create a physiological bond between the wearers. They were used by the Goa'uld. Have you ever heard of the physiological bond being sustained say, after the bracelets were removed? No. No. Barring some freak power surge in the bracelets themselves, that might somehow transfer their effects outright, it's highly unlikely. But in the unlikely event this did happen, would you be able to sever the connection? I might be able to. Great! Could you tell us? How is she? Who? Vala. We don't know any Vala. Then I'm afraid I can't help you. OK! Maybe we know a Vala. I need to see her. Why? It's not what you think. I'm not after revenge. The truth is, the bracelets weren't the only thing she took from me. She also stole... my heart. Excuse me? I remember it as if it were yesterday. Some nights, we would steal away from the city, strip off our clothing and bathe in the springs of our garden. We would chase one another across the mossy hills and then lie naked under Adora's moons and Vala would sometimes... - It's OK! It's great, thanks. We got the picture. Very vivid, very disturbing picture. Yes. Those were wonderful, carnal times. But that's in the past. All I ask now is that I be given the chance to see her one last time. Bring me Vala and I'll consider helping you. Sir! Major Gibson's here to see you. Send her in. - General. - Major! How are things at the Pentagon? Not so good, I'm afraid. The international committee has reviewed your budget proposals and despite your warnings of how it'll affect the day to day operations of Stargate Command, they have decided to throw their full financial backing behind the Atlantis mission. They now see this base as serving little more than a support role. Can't say I'm surprised. They've been going over the report brought back by Dr Weir and her colleagues. With the prevalence of Ancient technology in the Pegasus Galaxy, they feel that's where we should be focusing our efforts. - And you believe that? - Sir? Atlantis is a civilian operation. They approved Dr Weir's appointment. The reason they don't want to support Stargate Command is because they have no say in how it's run. That's what General O'Neill said. He also said he'd be willing to go to bat for you with the President. But he thinks it might help if you take your case to the chairman of the appropriations committee yourself. Does he? Oh Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack. Arlos? I thought I'd never see you again! Hello Vala. They overpowered me. Some five, six, mercenaries, one morning on my way to see you. They demanded that I steal the bracelets under penalty of death. I don't care. Arlos? Are you going to have me killed? No. The memories of what we shared, and that you so callously threw away, will undoubtedly haunt you until the day you die. That should be punishment enough. Oh yes, you're right! That should do it. I'm over you. What I'm not over however, is the theft of my mother's necklace! I want it back! Only then am I going to tell you how to sever the link connecting you! Be realistic. That necklace is gone. There's no way I can get that back. Well, then our business is done. Hang on, loverboy! We'll get your Momma's necklace. Then we have a deal. This once belonged to the first prime of Bastet. It's completely unique. One of a kind. And I am going to give it to you for three ounces of Naquadah... No? Two for five! So, business not so good, huh? Well with no planets to conquer and no cities to loot, how's a Jaffa expected to put food on the table? Listen... a mutual friend of ours was supposed to send word that we were coming. What mutual friend? Vala? Where is she? We're not sure. She said she had some business to attend to and she'd meet us back at the gate. What? She didn't call ahead? I swore the next time I saw Vala, I'd kill her where she stood. That's a no. Do you take me for a fool? I don't know about them, but I certainly do. Hello Inago. Nicely done with the distraction, boys. - Oh, that's what we're doing. - You didn't wanna let us in on your little plan? You would have just screwed it up. Vala! You cowardly, backstabbing, sorry excuse for a woman. - How've you been? - Inago. You filthy, double talking slug. Nice to see you too. Obviously they used to date. Do you remember that necklace you sold me? The priceless heirloom from the house of Verenna? I may have overstated it's value slightly. Slightly? It was worthless. Huh, you're one to talk. That Goa'uld forceshield inhibitor, turned out to be nothing more than a power coil from an obsolete cargo ship. Fortunately, I'm not here for revenge. In fact, I'm here to set things straight. By buying back that worthless necklace. Why? What's your angle? You don't need to know. Well then I guess you don't need that necklace. No deal. However, I am willing to show you how I want to square things here. I might consider buying back that useless power coil. Why would you want to buy back a power coil from an obsolete cargo ship? No necklace, no deal. I've got an idea. How about a straight swap. Necklace for power coil. No! No wait, wait, wait. I have a better idea. We dig a big old pit, we drop these two in it and we let them fight it out. I'll ask again. Deal? Deal. Deal. Of course I don't have the power coil. We're going to have to go and get that back. Where would you unload an obsolete power coil? Sister Visina, welcome back. Brother Kaius. How are the orphans? The orphans are well. Thank Grannus. And you? Well enough. Thank Grannus. Who's Grannus? - Minor celtic God. One of Camulus' former Lt's. - Thanks. Of course, all of us continue to be grateful for your generous gift. Pilgrims from all over the system travel to see the legendary ring of Shen'Marak. However, it has been a bittersweet season for us, since coincidentally, around the same time you made your gracious donation, the shrine's most precious relic, the Nevanna crystal, mysteriously disappeared. No! Yes, it is shocking the depths some people will plum. Unfortunately I have some more bad news. It appears I was decieved and this ring of Shen' Marak is apparently a fake. I'm afraid you'll have to get rid of it. Out of the question. Hey! It's bogus! Your followers are worshipping a phoney relic! Yes, but ultimately its true worth can only be judged by the genuine faith it instills in the hearts of the many pilgrims who come to visit the shrine, and more importantly, in the charitable contributions they make while they are here. Right. Of course, if you were willing to make a substantial contribution of your own? What do you want? I have to get outta here! I can't take anymore! The fasting, the chanting, bathing of the poor. If I have to weave one more prayer basket, I'm gonna kill someone! Blessed day. Blessed day, blessed day... Oh my. You're not a real monk. He used to be a smuggler. One of the best I ever knew. Then things got a little too hot for him and he had to find religion. Well it was a sweet rap while it lasted. Until great God Grannus went and got himself executed by his own Jaffa. Since then the number of pilgrims has been...well, significantly reduced. That's why you can't have the ring. - Power coil. - Whatever! The point is that it's the only thing keeping this place going. If you wanna go. Why not just go? Because all I got right now are the clothes on my back. I need my cargo ship. The one you borrowed. Yes, that might be a bit of a problem. But, we can get you a replacement. No deal. What's so special about this particular cargo ship? Let's just say I made a few modifications of my own. - You bring it to me and I'll give you the ring. - Power coil! Look, don't try anything, alright? The Pilgrims of Grannus may be greatly reduced in numbers, but they are more fanatical than ever. You'd have to be to be worshipping a dead God. I give the word and they will tear you to pieces before you can get halfway to the gate. Now, if you'll excuse me? I have morning prayers to attend to. So how do we get the ship? We can't! Why not? We've come this far. What's the problem? What news? We've put the word out, but she has yet to appear. I needn't remind you that because of your bungling, we've already lost a case of weapons grade refined Naquadah. Now someone has to pay. And if it's not Vala, then it might as well be you two. Rest assured. Vala can't hide forever and when she turns up we'll deliver her, dead or alive. See that you do and let it be known that no-one defies the Lucian Alliance. So let me get this straight. You need to get this ship, to get the power coil, to get the necklace, to get this guy to tell you how to undo whatever is keeping you two connected? Yeah, that about sums it up. Unfortunately that ship is now in the hands of the Lucian Alliance. - The who? - It's a coalition of former smugglers and mercenaries who've banded together to take advantage of the power vacuum left by the demise of the Goa'uld. The fact they've managed to form a coherent group makes them unique, and a particular threat especially to the newly formed Jaffa government. Can we contact them? They won't deal with someone they don't know. I assume they know you. Well yes, but our last encounter didn't exactly go as planned. Ooh, let me guess. You screwed them and now they wanna kill you. Actually it was Daniel who messed up the deal. You tried to sell them a stolen ship. You're the one that told them they couldn't have it. The point is if they see either of us again, they will kill us. Can we take this ship by force? You'd have to go up against a sizeable armada. If the alternative is staying linked to you, I'm willing to take that risk. I'm sorry Dr Jackson but I can't allow it. Dr Lee's continuing his research, hopefully he'll be able to come up with something on his own. In the meantime you're just going to have to learn to live with each other. And by the way, in three days, you're coming to Washington. - We are? - I am? I need you to testify in front of the Chairman of the Appropriations Commitee. Let him see exactly what we're up against. Your experience with the Ori could go a long way towards convincing him of the dangers headed our way. Right. We will do our best Sir. Daniel, do you happen to have one of these... credit cards? Yes I do, and no you can't. By the way, is a security escort still necessary? Do you really have to ask? I noticed you've assigned a woman, were you afraid I might corrupt one of your impressionable young men? No, I just thought that save someone the trouble of having to rebuff your advances. How do you know you succeeded? I'm so bored! What do you do around here, for fun? I'm doing it. Translating these artifacts from P4S-559. Oh, are they valuable? Well their historical value is immense, but there is no gold or jewels involved if that's what you mean. Don't touch that! Do you know what? You need to occasionally get up from under the dust of dead civilisations and live a little. Why don't you take me out to dinner? Look the only way you're getting off this base is on this little side-trip to Washington and if we could find a way around that, we would. Why don't we go off-world? I've got a great little deal cooked up with some traders on Katana. No. We could be partners. Split everything down the middle, 60/40. Hardly seems fair that your life gets to continue and my affairs are put on hold. Excuse me? I should be on my way to the Pegasus Galaxy right now. Oh don't you blame that on me, it's your own curiosity in the ancient treasure that cost you a trip to Atlantis. You cuffed us together. You weren't paying attention at the time. Look, we can point fingers all we want but the fact is, we're stuck together. Like it or not, we're just going to have to learn to get along. Found your glasses. I'm going to see what Dr Lee's doing. Hello. What the hell are you doing here? Isn't this my room? No your room is across the hall... with the guard in front of it. Ah yes, they all rather look alike don't they. Anyhow, since I'm here, shall we make the best of it? No we shalln't. Come on Daniel. We're both stuck here on this base and there's nothing else to do. Yes there is! There's sleeping, there's working, there's finding a way out of this mess! What if we can't? We might have to spend the rest of our lives together. No! Don't even go there. There's literally a bond between us. Some people might even find that romantic. I'm not one of those people. Am I really so repulsive? No... No! No you're not repulsive, you're just... It's... it's just that I know what you're doing, the whole sexual thing. It's a defence mechanism. Really? Yeah. You live a solitary existence, you move from place to place, you never form any lasting relationships, you use sex as a weapon, prevent yourself from forming any real emotional bonds. Textbook case. Never realized I was so transparent. Vala.. No really it's fine Daniel, you're right. I can see why you wouldn't want to become involved with someone so pathetic. I wasn't always like this, you should know. There was someone once. In fact, I was engaged. Then I was taken as a host and even though the Tok'ra eventually freed me, the damage was already done. And once you have been spat on, and stoned by the people of your own village, well, you try forming lasting relationships. Vala, just wait... please. Stop. Alright I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm just... sometimes I just, I forget what you've been through. If you've actually been through any of that... are you messing with me? Is it working? Get out, go. Get out. Go! Despite the fact the Jaffa are free and Anubis has been defeated,</i> it would be a mistake to assume the Goa'uld are no longer a threat. But without the Jaffa to do their bidding, they're effectively crippled. Many still have the loyalty of their human slaves. Slaves are a long way from an effective army, and besides if the Jaffa saw the light, it will only be a matter of time before the slaves follow suit. The Goa'uld aren't the only threat out there Sir. So I assume you're referring to these people that you supposedly met in a distant galaxy. Supposedly? Well, correct me if I'm wrong. But according to the report I read, you never actually left Stargate Command. You went into a coma, had some kind of vision, for all we know, the whole thing could have been an elaborate hallucination. One of the Priors came through the Gate. A simple man who did nothing but spout a lot of religious nonsense and then killed himself. Senator I was there, the man burned himself to death. Without the aid of any obvious devices or technology, it was no parlor trick. We're also beginning to get reports that there are other Priors showing up on other planets. Well it's hardly surprising that new religious groups would arise in the wake of the Goa'uld's collapse. The Ori are very real senator. As ascended beings they have all the appearance of genuine God's. But again, this is according to your testimony, they cannot act in this galaxy without incurring the interference from these other ascended beings. Isn't that correct? Technically yes. Well, look at it from our point of view Dr Jackson. Finally after 8 years and billions of dollars spent, the Goa'uld have been neutralized, along with the Replicators. And now suddenly, out of nowhere, along come these magical Ori requiring a redoubling of efforts and expenditures. Exactly what are you suggesting Senator? The Stargate program has succeeded in acquiring alien technology. So now it's time to devote our resources to exploiting those technologies for planetary defence, namely by building more Daedalus class ships. Now we have no intention of shutting you down completely, you will continue to operate at 30% of your current budget, I think you will find that is more then enough money once you deemphasize your explorations. If you recall Senator, it was new exploration that got us those technologies in the first place. Now there are still thousands of Stargate addresses left unexplored in this galaxy. This program doesn't exist to satisfy your curiosity Doctor. The important thing is that we have learned enough to defend this planet against any potential threat. Do you have something to say. Well it's just all so amusing, isn't it. I mean only an idiot would assume that this backwater of a planet will safe because you have a few ships with decent shield technology. You don't look like an idiot to me. So I have to assume that the reason why you want to build more ships is like all the men you like big machines with big engines that fire big missiles because you have a deep-seated need to overcompensate for your own shortcomings. Excuse me. See, she knows what I mean. I think a short recess would be a good idea. I'm done here anyway. This meeting is over. How did it go Sir? Let's just put it this way, you're going after that ship. The cargo ship, what about the Lucian Alliance Sir? You'll have to figure out a way to deal with them. Why, what happened? She accused the Chairman of the Senate Appropriations commitee of having a... let's just call it, an insufficient manhood. She's gotta go. Just a word of warning. Tenat and Jup are notoriously unscrupulous traders. They're crafty, devious and although stupid, under no circumstances are they to be trusted. In other words they're going to try and screw us before we screw them. It should be alright as long as you keep your guard up and we keep focus on what needs to be done. Close the deal, take the ship, make sure they don't kill me. Certainly not in that order. I still think we need some more boots on the ground, just to be safe. And they will most certainly run a surface scan of the planet, any additional life signs or any ships in orbit will only raise suspicion and jeopardize everything. We're approaching the planet, run a surface scan. Four life signs. Let's go greet them. This is a good plan, very inspired. Yes we have you to thank for that. Nothing motivates like complete and utter desperation. You say that now, but you will miss me when I am gone. No I'm pretty sure I won't. Just like old times. I am offering my assistance on this mission only to aid Daniel Jackson. My participation should not be construed as a desire to rejoin SG-1. Right. Colonel Mitchell at times, you remind me of O'Neill. Ah, I'll take that as a compliment. As you wish. Teal'c. Hey fella's. What's with all the hostility. Vala, how does it feel, knowing your sorry life is about to end. I don't know. How did it feel telling the Alliance that you half-wits lost their Naquadah. Woah. No, no violence. No damaging the goods until we've finished our deal. Besides I think the Alliance wants to hold her up as an example. Yes, they do. Your name? Cam Mitchell. Bounty hunter. Never heard of you. That's because I keep a low profile. I like to let my work speak for itself. You've partnered with a Jaffa I see. Look. We'd love to sit around and talk shop, but we're on the clock. Where's our reward? We have a caseload of weapons grade refined Naquadah sitting in our cargo ship. Good, let's go and get it. No, I will stay here with you. While Jup takes Vala and her partner to the ship. Once they've been secured he will return and ring the Naquadah down to you. And what's to stop all Jut here from just ringing you away and just skidattling. Our honour. It would not be in our best interests to cheat you. After all we have reputations as traders to uphold. Right, reputations. I can't help noticing the absence of the case load of refined Naquadah you guys were promising. Do you seriously think the Alliance would have trusted us with another case, after we lost the last one? So this is a double cross? What happened to upholding your reputation? Let's just say those bounty hunters won't be in a position to do any complaining. Hold still! Told you. So who you like in the NFL this year? You kinda strike me as a Raiders fan. Daniel, why don't you let me do it? I can do it. Just do me a favour, I need some help. OK, what? Go to the panel by the rear exit. OK, now what? Stay there, shut up and let me finish. Yeah, they got a great secondary in the league's. The best pass rush. Offence runs games and the defence runs championships, am I right? Our cargo ship has returned. I suggest you lower your weapons. I take it we're not getting our Naquadah. No you're not and so concludes our deal. Well! That went better than I expected! I'm picking up ships. Lot's of them. Correction. That went much worse than I suspected. Stand down and prepare to be boarded. Shouldn't we be jumping into hyperspace or something? They will pursue us. What are you doing? Kaius said he customised this ship. Let's see if there's anything we can use. What's happening? Multiple energy signatures and phantom vessels. They're confusing the Alliance ships. Fine! Let's go, let's go, let's go! There are two vessels pursuing us. You got anything else in your bag of tricks? I'll show you. What are you doing? Vala? Wait for it... Now! Wicked. Pulse wave. Their power levels spiked and overloaded. It should take a couple of minutes to restore primary systems. Which should give us enough time to... Thanks for getting my ship back... and for not helping yourselves to the swag in the ships hidden compartments. Wait! Did you just say hidden compartments? No! Wait! So really. Why would you want to trade a power coil from an obsolete cargo ship? So really. Why would you want to trade for this worthless necklace? Never mind. Excellent. Finally I can get Mother off my back. So? So? So, we had a deal, remember? We give you the necklace and you sever the link. Yes, of course. I've been doing extensive research. And? Well there's nothing I can do. The effect can't be countered. But you know? My guess is, it'll wear off eventually on it's own. So long everybody. That's it? You went through all that for nothing? Pretty much. I can't wait till Senator Fisher hears about this one. Yeah, have you heard any news? I spoke to the President. He gave me two choices. Accept the budget cuts or convince the International Committee to change their minds and contribute to our funding. Right. How do we do that? Give them what they want. A new civilian position appointed by the committee. With full access to this base and a say in all major decisions concerning its operation. Watchdog. Exactly. Thanks for helping out. Indeed.