Only when their numbers are sufficient will it be possible to destroy the Goa'uld. Even then, Baal controls the supersoldier army, which cannot be turned. So even if the rebel Jaffa can take out most of the System Lords, there'll still be a massive war to fight. The problem is, Ishta doesn't want to wait. Moloc continues to order the deaths of female Jaffa born in his domain, and her railroad to Hak'tyl can't save them all. Even now, she's organising a rebellion to overthrow Moloc. Teal'c and Bra'tac are trying to convince her to see the bigger picture. - What was my question again? - Um, "How's it going?" It seemed so innocuous at the time. Fellas. How was the trip? I have been betrayed by those I trusted most. That good, eh? His mood is foul indeed. Greetings. It is good to see you both. Bra'tac, what's wrong? - There was a complication. - Ishta? She is well. And as lovely as ever, O'Neill. - The problem, I fear, lies with Rya'c. - Is he OK? He is in love and plans to be married. So when's all this supposed to happen? Ow! - Three days. - Three days, huh? That's kinda quick. Indeed. Well, you know, love is a strange and mysterious thing. Ow! Rya'c did not even consult me before making this decision. This girl has caused all reason to leave Rya'c's head. - Zero serving three. - Serving eight. Eight. Oh! So what's Ishta think of all this? Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs, especially in the face of oppression. I see. Rya'c is too young to know what love is, O'Neill. Or how it inevitably weakens a warrior's resolve. Look, T, I'm not gonna tell you how to raise your kid, but I've found sticking your fingers in your ears and humming loudly solves a whole slew of problems. What good am I as a father, O'Neill, if I cannot keep my son from making this crucial mistake? Unscheduled offworld activation. Got one. Receiving IDC, sir. It's Ishta. Open the Iris. Greetings. There is an urgent matter we must discuss. Hak'tyl may have been compromised. - How do you know? - Yesterday we were to meet a contact. A high priestess stationed within Moloc's temple. She failed to appear at the allotted time. - You must evacuate immediately. - I agree. But we know not of another uninhabited planet like Hak'tyl. Hiding female warriors and children within a populated planet in Moloc's domain is difficult and dangerous. I'm sure we could help you folks out. Carter? No problem. We have a number of possible worlds on record, but they should be explored more thoroughly before you take up residence. If Moloc is aware of our location, every moment my people remain on Hak'tyl puts them at greater risk. Oh. Um... You're welcome to stay here. I'll go start the paperwork. - Colonel Carter, Dr Jackson. - Rya'c. It's good to see you again. This is my sim'ka, Kar'yn. Rya'c, stop using those old terms. We are betrothed. An honour to meet friends of my husband-to-be. Right back at you. - Is she not the most beautiful thing? - Stop it. You're embarrassing me. I am not an object to be worshipped. Thank you for agreeing to host our union ceremony. It will be an honour to be betrothed among friends. - You're gonna have the wedding here? - Of course. Ishta said it may take some time to find a planet for our new home. We are to be married in three days. There is much to do. Rya'c. Excuse us. They're having the wedding here. Does Jack know about this? I'm gonna work on finding them a planet. Yeah. Come in. Bra'tac. What's that smell? I believe that is the horses, O'Neill. The warriors of Hak'tyl are grateful for your generosity. Well, you know me. Always willing to help those who need help. You are indeed a wise and gracious leader, O'Neill of Minnesota. Sit down, you old coot. What? I am to officiate the rite of everlasting union between Rya'c and Kar'yn. I have consulted with Ishta on the matter, and despite the evacuation, she wishes the wedding to proceed as planned. - And as scheduled. - Meaning here? A more suitable world is not likely to be found in time. Delaying the ceremony would grant another victory to Moloc's tyranny. You know what it took to get approval for tailgate Tuesdays? Huh? There'll be cake? You have been avoiding me. You have indicated I am not worthy of your presence. How so? Your refusal to bless this union is an insult to Kar'yn, and thus to me. That is not what I intended. Rya'c has pledged to help lead the Jaffa in the battle against the Goa'uld. As have I and my people. A warrior is always stronger with another at his side. So you must believe Kar'yn's an unworthy warrior, and I'm at fault as her teacher. Ishta, this is not about you. Soon enough Rya'c will have to choose between his family and his cause, just as I once did. I merely believe that he is young and has much time ahead, and need not undertake such decisions so soon. In the same way Rya'c had no say in your decision, you have no say in his. None of us choose oppression at the hand of the Goa'uld, nor what must be done to free ourselves of it. But we must not sacrifice that which makes us Jaffa. I have organised both men and women to fight together to rise up against Moloc. Maybe once we are free of his tyranny, you will see we are worthy of your war. Overthrowing Moloc alone will ultimately prove nothing. Were he to fall, his worlds would be usurped by another Goa'uld. I will not stand idly by and watch more of my sisters slain at the hand of Moloc, while you and the leaders of this so-called "Jaffa rebellion", you plot and you scheme and you ultimately do nothing! You have no wish to fight side by side, only to dominate. As my sisters have been for generations. As you will remain due to short-sightedness. I will not rest until Moloc is dead. I will not rest until all Goa'uld are dead. - They want a what? - A goat, sir. You can tell them lamb is far less gamey. They... They want it for a ritual sacrifice. - Tell them that's not gonna happen. - I was hoping you'd say that. They can have a pinata. That's always fun. I'll suggest it, sir. Please tell me you're close to finding a planet. We scouted one Ishta seems comfortable with. Fresh water, stable climate. Good. When's moving day? Ishta thinks it'll take a week to get a camp going. - A week? - Yes, sir. The wedding is still gonna happen here. - Have you seen Teal'c? - He's locked himself in his room. That chicken. Let this fire bear witness to this ceremony. May its flames keep warm the souls of those who came before us. We ask those spirits now to bless this union and to protect it through each day of its existence. And then the horn will sound. Good. Now. You will place the circle of fidelity upon Kar'yn's head. And you the totem of bravery around Rya'c's neck. The bride will then kneel before her husband in respect. - I will do no such thing. - Kar'yn. I kneel before no man, not even my husband. This action has been part of the ceremony for... Then he should kneel before me as well. Or am I too weak to have respect given to me in return? - You disgrace my name. - Perhaps if we took a short recess. And if you insist on treating me like a fragile handmaiden, then I have chosen poorly for a husband. Perhaps I have chosen poorly as well. I can see why one must rehearse these events. Unscheduled offworld activation. We're receiving a message. On screen. Ishta, this concerns you. It's from one of my contacts among Moloc's Jaffa. - He's requesting a summit. - For what reason? Our forces that are hiding among the Jaffa of Moloc have become large. But there are still many who are loyal to him. We risk being exposed. We must send the coordinates of the new home world to those who will attend. Very well. I will accompany you to this summit. You have no say in our matters. Perhaps there is counsel I can provide. You will abide by my ruling. - Can I come with you? - You have a union to prepare for. There will be no union. Kar'yn, you must learn not to let your emotions take you to such extremes. I cannot be betrothed to Rya'c. He is as pig-headed as his father. Until you have fought as many battles, do not speak of Teal'c with such disrespect. Without him, we would not have tretonin, and we'd still be slaves to the Goa'uld symbiotes. Why do you accept his affection, knowing he doesn't support our war against Moloc and the archaic traditions that oppress female Jaffa? We differ often. But deep down, we both possess the same hunger for freedom. Does he not see me fit for Rya'c? He could search a thousand worlds and never find someone like you. Teal'c has lost much in the war against the Goa'uld, and does not wish Rya'c to feel the pain of such loss. What about Rya'c? He does not respect me as a warrior as Teal'c respects you. That took some convincing, believe me. What you must remember is that as much as you desire Rya'c's respect, he too burns for yours. Your parries are too low. Hold your staff higher. Step into each blocking blow. Leave me be. As you wish. Have I not been a dutiful son? - Have I not brought honour to my name? - You have indeed. Then why will my father not bless my union with Kar'yn? - Then the union is still to be? - That is not the point. You have made a choice. You pledged your life to fight for freedom for all Jaffa. - You must commit to it without question. - I know. That is why my father abandoned my mother and I - because we made him weak. - That is not true. - He knows I forgave him for that long ago. - I understand why it was necessary. - Do you? Hm? Teal'c stayed first prime of Apophis as long as he did because he feared for you. He committed atrocities because he wanted you and your mother to be safe. When he chose to leave to join the Tauri, it was the most difficult thing he has ever done. It is not you that made him weak, but his own fear and doubt. When he realised the Goa'uld could indeed be defeated, that if he fought hard enough you could one day be free, it made him stronger. It is the same for me with Kar'yn. She fuels my desire to fight for freedom. We know what we must face, and we choose to do it together. You still have much to learn about yourself. About being a warrior. Neither of you truly know what we will all face in full-scale war with the Goa'uld. I do not need his blessing. No. You do not. And he insults Kar'yn. She is a formidable warrior who deserves his respect. And yours. The ranks of rebel Jaffa are sizeable enough to win. The time to strike is now. Aron is right. If we wait longer, it is only a matter of time before our numbers grow too large for Moloc not to discover. We risk losing everything. Aron is right. We must strike now. Jaffa. Hear me. I know your hearts are prepared for battle, but I have come to ask for your patience. You have prepared well for the demise of Moloc, but only when all Jaffa rise up as one can the Goa'uld be defeated. And only then will all of our brothers and sisters truly be free. This is the counsel you have come to offer? What is it? Down! Argh! Agh! Go. - The gate is well guarded. - We must return to the meeting tent. - If anyone survived, they will be tortured. - Wait. For what? - Teal'c? Are you there? - Proceed, O'Neill. You know how I get when you don't call. Moloc's Jaffa ambushed us. The planet address has fallen into the wrong hands. I am with Ishta and another rebel Jaffa named Aron. We are cut off from the gate. - How bad? - Very. - Backup? - It would be unwise at the moment. I'm uncertain as to the extent of forces. I will gather intel before deciding on a course of action. All right. I'll check in in about an hour. And, T... - My head is down, O'Neill. - Over. Someone has betrayed you. That can be the only explanation for Moloc's presence. I do not have my tretonin. It was in my pack, and in our haste I left it in the tent. I have enough for both of us. It must have shattered when you fell. We must move. A search patrol approaches. Indeed. - What's going on here? - Silence! Thank you. Now, Daniel, what's going on here? Silence. I said, "Daniel". - As you can see, everyone's a little upset. - We will not abandon Ishta. - We insist a rescue mission be devised. - We're devising. - Teal'c has said the gate is guarded. - Can we not journey to this planet? - It would take at least a week to get there. - Please, return to your quarters. - I cannot go until... - Please! In time, your skills may be required, then you must be ready. Go. - There are only six. - Many more may be hiding nearby, anticipating our approach. We must do something. I cannot bear this. The Tauri have troops and weapons. We have not determined the size of Moloc's forces they would face. Many more lives than our own could be lost. - Then what are we to do? - For the moment... nothing. We cannot hide forever from their patrols. We will rest here. They will not rest until we are found. If your plan is to wait until they give up... I need to gather the information that I can concerning the forces against us. We are severely outnumbered. What more do you need to know? Aron. I need to speak to Teal'c privately. - You do not trust my loyalty. - I do. This is a private matter. Please. He could be the informant as easily as anyone, and be gathering knowledge concerning the rebellion. I know. But he is right about one thing. We cannot wait to act. I am already growing weak. You need rest. As do you. I will take first watch. Teal'c. I promised all Jaffa under Moloc's rule they will be free from his tyranny. It was not a foolish promise. One day, we will all be free. "One day" is not soon enough. Where is Ishta? It was her turn to take w... Moloc is here. - We must act. - I am aware. Even if Ishta cannot be saved, we must kill Moloc. - That is not my goal. - It is mine. And that of all the Jaffa in the rebellion against him. Without reinforcements, we will be swarmed by Moloc's forces. I am willing to die for my cause. You will die for nothing if you do not succeed. You are weak. Your mind is clouded with feelings for Ishta. And you cannot be trusted. Ishta's been captured. Apparently Moloc is there in person. We'll coordinate an attack to provide a distraction for Teal'c's rescue attempt. Moloc will kill her before surrendering. Teal'c's more worried about what he's going to do to her in the meantime. Oh! It is not too late to repent for your sins. Grovel before your god and beg for my forgiveness. Tell me of the sinners who would betray me. How many would renounce the privilege of carrying the children of their god, like you? Tell me while their souls may yet be saved. You cannot be Ishta of the Hak'tyl, wicked leader of the depraved. I sense nothing but weakness in you. Or maybe that is what happens when you abandon the strength of the Goa'uld. All that is left is this burning desire to die at the hands of your great and powerful god. We're preparing a UAV to drop tretonin for Teal'c. He will need all his strength if he is to rescue Ishta from Moloc. The UAV will then paint the targets on the gate. Ishta did not exaggerate. The rebel Jaffa on Moloc's worlds are a mighty force. As we speak, they prepare for war against those still loyal to Moloc. - You think they can win? - I do not know. Even if they do, another Goa'uld could simply take his place. Or worse, come in and wipe them out to prove rebellion is a bad idea. Indeed. That is something we asked them to consider. And yet, such reason is beyond them now. - UAV ready to launch, Colonel. - Thank you. Dial the gate. Launching UAV in three, two, one. Receiving Teal'c's signal. The UAV's been hit. Teal'c, do you copy? Proceed. The UAV should be halfa click southwest ofyour location. - I am on my way. - Be careful, Teal'c. We'll dial back in 30 minutes. - Can we not still send missiles through? - Without a painted target they'd crash. Argh! Moloc. Shnee ka. Jaffa, shel na kree. Kree nok, Jaffa. Shel kek nem Ron. If you know who I am, brothers, you know that there is no need to sacrifice your lives for a false god. Sho klok. Rin nok, shol'va. Aargh! It would have been easier had you left me with a weapon. My thanks. Is there anything else I can do to prove my loyalty? Indeed. Is this what you want? Evil serum to poison you further? Or will it give you strength enough to last a little longer? Then take it. Take it so that you may have more precious time with your god. My lord. Word comes from Goranak. An uprising has begun. An army of two thousand is marching on your temple. They control a garrison of gliders and several Alkesh. As I have foreseen. Your fleet of Ha'tak have gathered themselves in orbit. They await your command to crush this insolence. I am done with this one. Trivial as it may seem, this distraction has given me a few moments of pleasure. Use her to capture the shol'va, Teal'c. - Then bring him to me. - Yes, my lord. When the gate opens again, merely aim this at your target. The missiles will come through and strike where you aim. You're certain your strength has returned? This time I will not be there to come to your rescue. I assure you, this time it will not be necessary. Open the Chaapa-ai. Jaffa, kree nok. Teal'c, do you read? Colonel, I am ready and in position. - So we're on? - Indeed. Aargh! She's weak to the point of death. Zatting us both, even once, will kill her. Drop your weapon. Shoot them down. Drop it now! That is the sound of your false god dying. - Gods cannot be killed. - Teal'c... - Not another word. - Shoot. Aargh! Ooh! There is no need. I have taken mine. Is it true that Moloc is dead? If you have the strength, we can see for ourselves. In a moment. Kar'yn, speak of your love and devotion to Rya'c. Rya'c, your heart is pure and your spirit strong. You give me strength. And joy. And I will stand by your side. Always. - Rya'c. - Kar'yn, you are as beautiful as the sun. My love for you is like the morning rays that dawn over an endless day. The rite is complete. May you love and fight like warriors, just not with each other. A legend speaks of a place where mountains meet the sea, of hidden pools beneath waterfalls. It is no legend. I have seen it with my own eyes. You have chosen the location for your Shim'roa very well. Master Bra'tac said this is where you took my mother. Indeed. Rya'c. I can think of no better mate for you than Kar'yn, and I am certain your mother would have felt the same. Thank you. Before your departure, there is a matter that bears discussion. Father, I am aware of the ways between a man and a woman. Good. Then you are prepared for the rite of Oronak. - Surely it is not still expected. - On the first eve of Shim'roa. My advice is that the knife be as sharp as possible. Perhaps Kar'yn is right. Not all of the old traditions are worth holding onto. Indeed. - And what of you and Ishta? - What of us? Well, your relationship would be much easier if you both admit you are in love. - For us all. - Perhaps one day. When I am as wise as you. Once again, we owe you our thanks. For your hospitality and for helping us find yet another new home world, where the Hak'tyl may be safe. Think nothing of it. You sure you got everything? You didn't forget any kids or horses? - May I speak with Teal'c alone? - Sure. It's good to see you again. I will see you soon, Father. Yes, Father. Be well. I did not wish to spoil the days of Shim'roa for Rya'c and Kar'yn. - What have you discovered? - As predicted, another Goa'uld has claimed the domain of Moloc. - Baal. - Yes. Do not wait too long to visit. We have a war to plan,