If the Goa'uld can't stop them, they'll overrun our galaxy within weeks. Daniel! Unfortunately, to get what I need, we're going to have to dig a little deeper. We must once and for all destroy the Goa'uld's image as gods forever. - How? - By capturing the temple at Dakara. There's a way to defeat the replicators in my memories, isn't there? You need only to open your mind to it. A force of rebel Jaffa have managed to take control of the temple at Dakara. Have the fleet disengage their battle with the replicators. Take it back at all costs. The ruins of an Ancient monument on a planet now called Dakara. Within it is the one weapon in this galaxy capable of destroying me. A device capable of destroying all life in the galaxy? - That's what he said. - Baal said he was serving Anubis. Not exactly. You know those Goa'uld and their egos. He would never admit to being subservient. No. He said he was biding his time, learning what he could from Anubis. Probably looking for a way to kill him. We have no idea how this Ancient device works or what the effects will be, but since Anubis has no real corporeal form, it's likely he would survive it. - He'd have no one left to rule. - For now. Time may not be an issue for someone like him. He could start over, repopulate the galaxy to his own specifications. - That's a little ambitious. - He has some knowledge of the Ancients. I wouldn't put it past him. No. Well, let me state the obvious. We can't let something like this get into his hands. Or the replicators' hands. How much time do we have before Baal's fleet reaches Dakara? Why? Baal didn't say exactly where the device was, did he? No. He said it was hidden. Chances are it's in the ruins, but we can't be sure. Short of blowing up the planet, we can't be 100% positive we've destroyed it. If it's protected by a shield, our biggest naqahdah-enhanced nuke might not do it. Fact is, to be sure we've destroyed the weapon, we have to find it first. Go. We've found no evidence of a weapon. Thanks, guys. We'll take it from here. But the structure was definitely built by the Ancients. As evidenced by the script on this wall. Until I saw this monument, I did not know that Dakara was a home of the Ancients. The Ancient repository of knowledge on P3X-439 was hidden in a monument like this. This writing may help us uncover the location of the weapon. I was able to recognise the language. Deciphering it, however, is another matter. I brought Daniel's notebooks. This dialect looks very old. It may take some time. I will leave you to it. We will be outnumbered by Baal's forces. I refuse to consider a strategy that demands the deliberate sacrifice of Jaffa lives. What, then, do you advocate? Prayer, perhaps? Jaffa. We are here to consider the battle with our enemy. Not battle each other. Baal's forces approach at a speed slower than they are capable. Indeed. It seems he does wish to give us time to find and destroy the weapon. Why not just destroy it himself? Baal is in a difficult position. With many witnesses, it is easier to tell Anubis the weapon was destroyed before he could reclaim Dakara. How, then, will he explain his languid pace? Regardless, he will only hesitate so long. Five Ha'tak. Eight Alkesh. Ten squadrons of gliders. That is all we have. Empty the bays. Deploy the gliders to the far side of the planet. Position two Ha'tak and all the Alkesh on the other side of the moon. Divide our forces? Precisely. All of our hardship, the suffering, the sacrifices we have made for our cause, will end today one way or another. This battle will decide the fate of all Jaffa. This is madness. So, too, at one time, was the very thought of our freedom. So, now what? You done? You got what you wanted. Don't suppose you wanna just drop me off at the nearest Stargate? It is true. I learned the location of the weapon that could be a threat to me and my brethren. But I also saw the extent of knowledge your subconscious mind contains. You have no idea, do you? No. No, I don't. You've tried accessing it, but it's always just out of reach, isn't it? I could help you. We could unlock the Ancients' knowledge, the secrets of the universe, together. I have to admit, it does sound interesting. But on the other hand, you're an evil killing machine, so, no. Pass. No. Don't do this! You had the power. You were about to strike, but she stopped you. No, I don't believe you. You can make me see whatever you want. - That's just a trick. - You know it's true. Destroying the weapon that can destroy me is one thing. A good thing, for me. But there is more. There is a way to kill Anubis in your mind, and so much more. I am not done, Daniel Jackson. Far from it. In fact, we have only just begun. "Midday, the darkness is high in the sky"? You sure about that? - That is what it says. - It doesn't make much sense. Yeah, well, neither does "the wind blows on the pillow" or "three days to the chicken". But that's what these phrases apparently translate into. Are you saying this whole wall is nonsense? - I don't know what I'm saying. - Is it possible you made a mistake? Would you care to try? The text is quite difficult, and if there is an organising principle to Dr Jackson's notes - I have yet to discover it. - Yeah. He certainly has his own system. - Colonel Carter. - Go ahead, Teal'c. Have you had any success with the translation? We're making... some progress. I am afraid you do not have much more time. Our long-range scanners have detected Baal's fleet. He will be here within the hour. Understood. It would be much easier on both of us if you did not resist. Why, in the whole wide world of all things rational and sane, would I help you? Because deep down you also want the knowledge I seek. Yes, but anything I learn I won't be able to put to use, because after I'm done, you'll kill me. - What if I promised not to? - Yeah. Do you think I am that different from Samantha Carter? In that you're a replicator bent on galactic domination at the expense of all other living things... Her thoughts, her memories, even her emotions. They are not meaningless to me. I do not wish to harm you, or destroy Earth, for that matter. I could have done that already if I so desired. You're saying you'll leave Earth untouched? I promise you that. And your life. Nope, nope. Not gonna help you. But, obviously, I can't do anything to stop you, so give it your best shot. What if it's a code? That can only be deciphered by someone who understands the language. Can I see that? - You're holding it upside down. - I know. I just noticed. Upside down, these symbols look like another word I've seen before. Right side up it's "darkness". Turn it around, and... it translates into "sun". "Midday, the sun is high in the sky." That makes more sense. Yeah, but so what? That's not what the wall says. - Now it does. - It can't be that simple. Just turn all five circles upside down? No, I agree. It has to be some sort of combination lock. We just need to figure out which circles to turn. Your pathetic trickery will only delay your inevitable defeat. There is no trickery at hand. We know that inevitably your goal is to eradicate all free Jaffa. We sent most of our fleet to safety to survive to fight another day. Surrender now, or be destroyed. Defeat those who remain and you'll be forced to destroy the weapon yourself. Then you must face Anubis. His fleet appears to be holding position. For the moment. Let's hope that's not a bad sign. Nice going, Sam. We're in business. - It's an Ancient design, sir. - Think our bomb will do the trick? We'll soon see. Give us ten minutes. Carter out. Right. Sam? You might wanna hold off on that for a minute. If I'm reading this screen right, the weapon uses an energy wave to reduce all matter to its basic molecular elements. It's not strong enough to disintegrate an entire planet, but it will wash away everything on a planet's surface, and anything in the surrounding space. - That sounds bad. - I know. But it also sounds like it does it much the same way your disrupter technology works on the replicators, by separating the individual components. They are both Ancient design. O'Neill used Ancient knowledge to build the disrupter. I know. Can this weapon be modified to work only on the replicators? I don't know. But I'd hate to blow it up before I was 100 per cent sure it couldn't. - Teal'c, do you read? - Proceed, Colonel Carter. Dad and Selmak think this weapon may hold the key to defeating the replicators, and we'll need some time to find out. Let us know when things get bad and we'll blow it. - Understood. - Carter out. Baal's fleet just began moving into attack position. It appears things are about to get... bad. I'm not getting anything. - This may not be possible, you know. - Come on, Sam. It can't be any harder than blowing up a sun. You blow up one sun and suddenly everyone expects you to walk on water. There you go. Oh. Next up, parting the Red Sea. Shields are down 50 per cent. We cannot take much more. Signal the other Ha'tak. Begin retreating. Sublight engines only. Full power. The rebels are fleeing, my lord. The planet is ours. They expect us to follow so that they may draw the fleet into battle on two fronts. - Signal the fleet to pursue the shol'va. - My lord? Dakara can wait. No battle strategy can save them now. We will crush them, and then take the temple. Yes, my lord. This output is the spectrum of the wave the weapon uses to disintegrate matter. That's nothing like the spectrum analysis of the replicator disrupter wave. Look. All we have to do is alter the settings on the weapon console so that the output wave matches that of the disrupter technology. - All we have to do? - Yeah. The device can be set by varying the height of these panels. Well, I can run a program to compare the difference between the two waves. That's good. Even if we can make this work, the replicators were quickly able to adapt to the modulation Thor made to the original disrupter wave. - What are you saying? - The only way to eliminate the replicators and not allow them to develop immunity is to somehow hit them all at the same time. Everywhere in the galaxy? How are we supposed to do that? The weapon translates through the gate. Do you think Anubis planned to use it to attack one planet at a time? So, dial multiple gates simultaneously? Not multiple gates. All of them. Every Stargate in the galaxy at one time? Do you know how many gates there are in the whole galaxy? A lot. I have no idea how to alter a Stargate to perform such a function. I don't know of anyone who can. I think I know someone. - Are you certain, Colonel Carter? - I don't think we have a choice. I mean, this could be the best chance we'll ever get. Understood. Opening a channel. You have decided to surrender. A wise decision, given you face imminent defeat. We have no intention of surrendering. I merely wish to inform you that we have found the Ancient weapon on Dakara. Do you intend to destroy it? That would be foolish. The Ancient weapon may be the means to destroy the replicators once and for all. It's incredible, yet you still resist me. Are you not amazed by what you are seeing? I don't understand it. It's more than any human can begin to comprehend. - I am not human. - Oh, believe me, I know. There must be a limit to how much information your mind can store. I am sharing what I learn with my brethren. The extent of knowledge we can absorb is only limited by our numbers. As we speak, those numbers are growing faster than you can imagine. This chamber must be well shielded. I could not find it using my ship's sensors. Look, I assume Teal'c told you the plan. What makes you think you can modify this weapon to defeat replicators? We're already on our way to doing that. We need to get this weapon's wave output to match our modified replicator disrupter wave to within a margin of 0.76 per cent. How did you develop this replicator disrupter technology in the first place? General O'Neill built it using Ancient knowledge and an Asgard computer. O'Neill? The mere thought of that makes me sick. Look, if we can do this and somehow hit the replicators all at the same time, we think it will work, but we need your help. You want me to reprogram a Stargate to dial every gate in the galaxy simultaneously. I know you used the gate's update program to disseminate a dialling virus to the entire gate network. With a virus you initially planted in my Stargate. No one's trying to deny that we're mortal enemies here. Can you do it or not? I can't believe I'm considering cooperating with a female of the Tauri, and a Tok'ra. This was not my idea, believe me. - I'll instruct my troops to land. - No way. You send one Jaffa down here and the deal's off. I cannot do what you ask as a hologram transmission. Sure you can. Just tell me what to do. Unscheduled offworld activation! - Is that Carter? - No, sir. It's a radio signal. Put it on speaker. - Sergeant? - I don't know, sir. - What the hell is that? - I'm not sure, sir. I can't access the system. It looks like something's hacked into the computer. - Shut it down. - I can't, sir. I'm locked out. Damn. This is General O'Neill. Sir! Evacuate the gate room! Get outta there! Close the blast doors. Initiate base lockdown. Evacuation of all personnel through alternate routes. Self-destruct protocol on my order. Let's go, Walter. Let's get outta here. - Oh, man. - Sir. We're cut off from the self-destruct. They were too fast. There's a chance they've already disabled the activation mechanism. Those bugs cannot get outta this mountain. It's only a matter of time before they override the security doors. Make sure everybody's outta here, then we'll toss a nuke down the silo. - You think that'll stop 'em? - It should slow 'em down. You can't handle it, can you? I can. I just need time to process, share it with the others. Like the universe, it's infinite. It's not just knowledge and information. It's understanding on a level that you'll never reach. - Why do you think that? - Because you're a machine. So are you, just of weaker construction. - And that's where you're wrong. - We'll see. The president has authorised deployment ofa ten-kiloton nuclear bomb. A 200-square-mile radius around Cheyenne Mountain is being evacuated. A helicopter is waiting on the surface for you and the remaining personnel. Thank you, Walter. Colonel? We have a problem. Six SGC personnel are trapped on level eight. They're cut off from the emergency escape hatch. - Siler? - Siler. Oh, Siler. Let's go. - You lied to me. - What? You promised you'd leave Earth alone. There's replicators infiltrating the SGC. How can you know that? While I was in your mind, you were inside mine. Took a while to figure out. You were too distracted to notice. The Ancient knowledge helped too. Thank you. - You tricked me. - You tricked me first. - You should never have told me. - Too late. For you, that is. Trying to leave? Sorry. A little more time in Danny's world. My brethren will not stop. You cannot control them. Not yet, but I'm learning. We've rigged the DHD to dial on signal when the weapon's ready. - I think it should work. - Of course it will work. How dare you doubt me? - What's he still doing here? - I can't exactly ask him to leave. How's it going on your end? I'm getting closer. This one. - How do you know? - I am a god. Gods are all-knowing. Selmak can't work like this. - Neither can I. - Just try it. Lucky guess. - Siler, are you in there? - Yes, sir. We'll get you out. Step away from the blast door. Yes, sir. Get this table over. - Use two of those things. - Sir? It's a blast door. Hang on, Siler. Fire in the hole. Down! Whoa. Siler? - Thank you, sir. - I expect to be put in your will. - Already in it, sir. - OK, that's weird. Oh, crap. Sensors are picking up multiple ships exiting hyperspace. They're firing on Baal's forces. It is the replicators. Now this one. That one took us in the wrong direction. All-knowing, huh? - What's the matter? - My ships are under attack. A replicator-controlled fleet is encroaching on the planet. - Running low on ammo, sir. - Fall back! Instruct all of our vessels to target the replicator ships. Better to let them destroy each other. If the replicators prevail and gain control of the weapon on Dakara, all that we have fought for is lost. General, 15 minutes to safe detonation conditions. Yeah. You know, Walter, right now we're having a slightly difficult time getting outta here. Relay this to General Hammond. The second he can pull the trigger on that nuke, do it. - Do you read? - Yes, sir. And have that chopper that's waiting for us leave now. - Yes, sir. - Sir? You see those bugs going into that hatch? Yes. Think getting outta the base is their primary goal? It's a fairly safe bet. They're going to the surface. Leaving the only other way outta here accessible. And here. 1.32. We're almost there. My ship has lost life support on several levels. I cannot maintain my transmission. We've almost got it. Thanks for the help. Good luck. - That was just creepy. - Keep working. Go. Siler, can we dial out? - I'm working on it, sir. - Ten minutes to detonation. Shields down. Weapons systems offline. Reroute power to sublight engines. Evasive manoeuvres. They are too fast. We cannot evade them. - How's it going in there? - Not well. Same here. Grenade! Variable off by 0.98. What's that? - Hurry. - I've almost got it. Just a little more time. I don't think we have it. Siler! Sorry, sir, I'm trying. Got you now. Huh. That's odd. The replicator ship just... stopped. Sensors are indicating that all of the replicator ships have ceased activity. Colonel Carter. Have you successfully activated the weapon? Not yet, but the replicators down here just froze. - Dad? - Almost there. There are so many, aren't there? Too many for your mind to handle. It's taking all of your concentration just to control them. Well, that was too good to last. Dad, they're on the move again! - 0.76. - Do it! Incoming wormhole? Enemy ship is in range. It is powering weapons. We cannot survive another hit. - Dad. - I'm all right. - What happened? - I don't know. - You did it. - Well, Selmak deserves a little credit. OK. Most of it. All replicator-controlled ships are dormant. Prepare enough squads to board them. Reclaim them in the name of their god. Yes, my lord. - We are being hailed. - On screen. Surrender now and you will be granted mercy. You are hardly in any position to be making such ridiculous demands. - You are surrounded. - You are incorrect. It is, in fact, you that is surrounded by free Jaffa. Behold your false god. - Any more word from Teal'c? - Yes, sir. Although Baal got away, the fact he turned tail made the victory the turning point Teal'c and Bra'tac were hoping for. Jaffa from all over the galaxy are with them. Well, vive la révolution. A significant fleet is securing Dakara. Hopefully, with our weapons, they can turn the tide against Anubis' soldiers. It looks like the Jaffa might finally win their freedom. - It's about time. - Yes, sir. - I heard from Thor. - How's he doing? Great. He sends us all his congratulations and says that he will drop by for a visit as soon as his consciousness has been downloaded into a new body. - That just never gets old, does it? - Apparently not. Carter, did you notice if the replicators where you were happened to... stop in the middle of everything? - Yeah. It was really strange. They just... - Froze. It bought us time to calibrate the weapon. Any idea why that happened? You think Daniel had something to do with it? - I don't know. - If he was on board that replicator ship... Carter. We don't know anything. No, sir. Anything else?