I'm thinking! - Sorry, could you probably think a little bit faster? - The universe is infinite. No doubt it's deliberately ironic that we're in an ever decreasing space. To quote an old Ancient proverb. There's only one truth. The universe is infinite. How does that help us? There's only one truth. This box says the treasure's in this box! It's not in either of them! I know, but we did it wrong, so we have to see if we can do it again. There is only one truth! The universe is infinite, thereforth the statement about the treasure being in this pot has to be false, so the treasure must be in... Good thing you know your Ancient proverbs, otherwise we'd be... - Mitchell. - Teal'c! Yo, feel free to jump in here anytime! Teal'c! Daniel Jackson! Hey! We got a little problem in here! What's the puzzle? There's eight stones with symbols on them and some Ancient writing. I think... Describe the writing! A U with a square over it. A chair with a square! Upside down backwards L, call that seven! Squares unevenly stacked. That chair thingy again and big N, and fat face... Reflect! It means reflect! Reflect? Reflect, reflect, reflect a meaningful path! Put those pieces to reflect a path to enlightenment. Yeah, that tells me exactly nothing! I'm sorry! I can't help if I can't see the symbols on the stones you're supposed to put in order! Reflect! Double 8, 4 reflected... Four? Six... Teal'c! Look, I didn't hear any screaming or squishing sounds so... Thanks, the symbols were actually numbered one through eight in a mirror image. Alright, we passed the test so this should work. I should have known it wouldn't be that easy. Season 9 - Episode 2 Avalon (Part 2) You uh, you done this before? Fight a Knight in armour? No, can't say that I have. Well you're doing good. Ha! I took a little fencing in college. OK, I need a little help. It appears to be a hologram. A hologram? Jesus! I don't think it actually cut you. Well it hurt like hell. I don't know. I don't think he's actually that good. So I flunk fencing. Colonel Mitchell! The sword! OK, that thing is going to kill him! Everybody get to the rings! OK, that's enough for today. No, I can do this! Come on! That's gotta be it! I don't understand. We solved the riddles. Well, he solved one and he solved one and he won the fight. And what, nothing? But you're the only one who defeated the Knight. That sword was obviously designed to sense whoever pulled it from the stone. What if there's sensors detecting us? Are you suggesting that we should leave? It's worth a try. Alright. If nothing happens, just join us. What happened? The whole place is collapsing. We must have done something wrong. What d'you take? What? Truth of spirit. - I was... - Truth of spirit. What d'you take? Worth it. We are not going to let her keep that, are we? No. Good. Well that figures. Room full of golden jewels and Dr. Daniel Jackson finds the one book. So what's it about? Actually it's a story. It's written like fiction. Once upon a time... Once upon a time there was a race of people that went on a great journey through space. Across the universe. They were called the Altera. After much time, I think this means thousands of years, they found a great belt of stars. And they lived happily ever after. Have you found something, Daniel Jackson? It says that the Alterans named their new home Avalon, and that they built many "Astreaporta". Stargates? Yes. The Ancients built the Stargates. Well it stands to reason that they weren't always called the Ancients. What do you care? You got your treasure. Let's see what's of more value. A few gold trinkets that apparently I won't be allowed to keep. Or, previously undiscovered secrets about the gatebuilders, the most powerful race to ever inhabit the galaxy. You realise what this could mean? Whoa, we've always presumed that the Ancients were the first evolution of humans in this galaxy. But this, this is the first evidence suggesting they came here long ago, from somewhere far, far away. Colonel Mitchell! One of these things is not like the others. It's much, much more than that. We know the Ancients left our galaxy for Pegasus and returned when they lost the war with the Wraith. But what happened to them? I thought they ascended? Well some did, that we know of. But what if the others went home? Even if they didn't, the book I read suggested that the Alterans left a civilization behind. And your point is? My point is that we haven't met a single living Ancient who is willing to share their knowledge freely with us, and there could be an entire advanced civilization of them, out there somewhere in another galaxy. Isn't that why we're doing this, all of this? The Stargate Program, the budgeting, so we go and meet new races, gather advanced technologies, possibly learn about ourselves in the process? Oh come on! You do it to meet women. She has a point, sir. I've been thinking, I need to get off on an offworld mission or two. Yeah, just to get the feel for it. Always do everything you ask of those you command. Patton! Very good. Good movie. Laugh if you want to, but I believe finding these Alterans and where they came from, should be our top priority from this point forward. They are the gate builders. Nobody's laughing Dr. Jackson. The universe is a big place. Tell me where they are and how to get there and I'll order you to go. I'm not saying this is going to be easy. I mean if they're from a distant galaxy, our network of stargates might not even connect. And even if it does, we know the massive power requirements necessary to dial Pegasus, and they're relatively close, in intergalactic terms. But on the bright side, according to the text we found in the Glastonbury cavern, the Ancient device we discovered may be capable of intergalactic communication. Thank you Dr. Jackson. I'm sure you'll keep me posted. Colonel. General. He has no idea what you just said. Someone wanna tell me why she's still on my base? And, yes I did. Well I think it's incredible. The Jaffa of the Omak cognate was many as all the other regional coalitions. And they strongly support Gerak. Of this I am aware. If we allow them even one more vote based on unconfirmed military strength, the council will be in Gerak's hands. - Until proper inspection... - Rak'nor! I'm sorry. We are all working very hard. It just seems as though Gerak is winning. Bratac and Ry'ac are negotiating with coalitions who have yet to declare their allegiance. I did not fight for the freedom of all Jaffa, only to have it corrupted by a few power hungry individuals. Nor did I. I just do not understand why you have chosen to spend so much time with the Tau'ri at such a critical stage. My friends of the Tau'ri are largely responsible for the Jaffa are being free and as thanks they have been treated with mistrust and disrespect. Until all Jaffa see that the old ways are not the future, I will do whatever I need to do to enlighten them. And how does chasing Ancient history do that? Ancient knowledge is what defeated the Goa'uld and the Replicators, and I believe that one day it will unite the Jaffa in a nation of peace! I will prove it. I hope so. I have been around the galaxy long enough to know that knowledge is power and understanding the technology that was left behind by the Ancients is the most powerful knowledge around. And if you think I wanna stay linked with you for the rest of my natural... Focus! Maybe we should focus on the task at hand. Yeah well, the device obviously has a power source and I don't think it's been depleted. OK, when I read this was a communication device, I realised the shape of these recess spaces look familiar. These stones are actually an Ancient form of communication device that links their users psychically, allowing them to see through each other's eyes. It appears that they're actually meant to be used in conjunction with this terminal. So what happens when you attach the stones. We're gonna find out. These stones were originally set for General O'Neill and one, Joe Spencer. Barber from Indiana. Yeah, weird guy. I read the file. Anyway, after a lot of tedious, although I must say, ultimately very brilliant work, if I do say so myself, I was able to reset the stones. Don't they have to be activated by someone with the Ancient gene? Same file. Well that's what we thought at first, but no, like a lot of Ancient technology, the stones actually just need to be initialised. By someone with the gene. That's a guess. No, you're right. Which these obviously have been. So any one of us can take the pony ride? Yeah, I figured that was gonna be me. I mean, I did miss the Daedalus for this, so... You're gonna dine on it for a while? Yeah, yeah. Like you wouldn't believe. Well no-one's gonna make an argument against that. You are the world's foremost expert on the Ancients, but we got two stones. Yes, and this one's mine. Thank you. Excuse me. How do you figure that? Daniel and I are linked. I'll just point out for the record, we don't have to be. He's only guessing that this device is for communication. What if it's a transporter of some kind and he gets whisked away and can't get back? Actually, we have done a fair bit of research on this device and I can say with absolute... relative certainty. Look, we have studied devices like this for years and at some point ultimately you just have to turn it on. I'm gonna give it a try. Where he goes, I go. I'm not going anywhere. So he thinks. It's a communication device! I'm gonna watch from the observation room. Alright. Good luck! So, what do we do? Well, I'm guessing we just put these two stones in any two of these spots. Any two? Well there aren't any markings to indicate otherwise, so any two. And... Med team to science lab one. Hello? Please don't be afraid. My name is Daniel Jackson. It's me. Vala. OK, not a transporter. Where are we? I don't know. But I think we're in them. Blood pressure and heartrate are normal. Pupils are slightly dilated. Now we're sure this is because of the device? They also passed out before when they were separated, because of the bracelets. The reaction was virtually instantaneous after the device was activated. Anyway, there's no discernable energy raise and no measurable radiation being emitted so... And we found no contagions. Alright... I wanna get an EEG going, but my first impression here is that they're in some kind of sleep state. Maybe we should disconnect the stones. For all we know, this could be perfectly normal. I mean, this could be the way the device actually works. And could you give me some time here, before we go messing around with that thing anymore? I wouldn't call it messing around. Look, for all we know, disconnecting the stones could put them in further jeopardy. So how are things on Dakara? About as well as here. I don't understand. This is an odd communication device. I mean, I can't talk to this poor woman. I have no access to her mind, her thoughts, her memories. I'm just inside of her, looking out through her eyes. Yeah. Jack and Joe Spencer described the experience as having visions of what was happening to the other. Were they ever in total control of each other's bodies? No. But they weren't using the stones in conjunction with the Ancient terminal either. It's possible it was meant to work this way, so that we can communicate with others without intruding on the minds of those we're connected to. They're just temporary transmitters. Do you think we're actually in another galaxy? I don't know. Why these people? I don't know. Well maybe it's just me, but this house, these clothes... we don't look the way I'd expect the Ancients to look. No. What do you suppose their names are? Harrid and Sallis. How do you know that? Well because it says so, right here. It says this is the... home of Harrid and Sallis Ciceru. Wait I missed that, you mumbled it. No I didn't. Well you said something that I couldn't understand. Well I didn't say it because I didn't really know what it means, so I'm not gonna say it out loud because I know what it means. Well go on. Nuptial, it means nuptial. As in we're...? Married. Yeah. Let's go look outside. Not quite what I imagined when I pictured a civilization of gate builders. No. Something tells me this is not the same people who built a spaceship capable of travelling across the universe. Above the sun! Harrid! Sallis! What? Uh, I think that means good morning. Above the sun to you. Above the sun? I think he's speaking Ancient. I think the communicator's translating for us. I couldn't read the sign. Maybe it only works for spoken language. See you at prostration! Prostration it is! Prostration it is! So what do you want to do, Harrid? Or is it Sallis? People are starting to stare. Well shall we walk around and try to appear normal? Nope, not what I was expecting at all. Me neither. On the bright side, I think he was looking at me when he said Harrid. Please, he was staring at me the whole time. Hey! Come in. Now I can't decide if I like the desk here. Where else are you going to put it? Out in the hall? Daniel and Vala are stable. Based on rapid eye movements and brainwave patterns, I'm guessing it's actually some kind of induced dream-link condition. Doctor Jackson believes the device was used for long range communication. Is it possible that's what they're doing? Talking to someone somewhere... out there. I don't know. I'm heading to the mess. I'm good thanks, I should get back to Daniel and Vala. Of course. Just keep me posted. Caroline, you seem to be settling in okay. I don't know if I'll ever get used to this place, it's pretty... Yeah. Yeah. And working for you, makes this whole thing just that much more bizarre. You didn't have to take the job you know. Are you kidding? Who could refuse it? Besides at the time General O'Neill didn't tell me you'd be my boss. He's funny that way. By the way, the desk looks fine the way it is. Really? You never were happy with anything the way it was. All hallow the Ori. All hallow the Ori. On their great power, we shall meditate herein this day. Prostation it is. We must meet. By the protacol of light at the hour of bligh. Speak not. Oh greatness that is the Ori. You guide us, and give meaning to our daily lives. We beseech you, give us strength. All hallow the Ori, all hallow the Ori, all hallow the Ori. Well that was fun, six hours of prostration! Why don't we just tell someone who we are, and what's going on. I mean, isn't that the whole point of this, to communicate? I don't think these people are going to entirely understand. Did you hear what the guy said when we first came to the service? Something about meeting. Yeah at the protacol of light on the hour of bligh. What is that supposed to mean? I have no idea. What are you looking for? I don't know. Some reason as to why we're in these particular people, these specific bodies, well, it can't be totally random. Well, I have a more pressing question. Do you have any idea how we're supposed to detach from them? No. That's another thing that's got me worried. Have you tried? Mmm. Nothing. It doesn't seem to be something I can just will to make happen. Maybe it's about removing the stones from the device on Earth. Yeah unfortunately we can't tell the people on Earth that we need them to remove them, and we'll just have to wait for them to figure it out for themselves. Maybe they have already, and it had no effect. I'm just gonna rule out that possibility. Do you think these people are in our bodies? I don't know. I mean, this can't be how the technology is supposed to work. Yeah it's the book that some of the villagers were walking around with. It says on the front, "The book of Origins, blessed are the Ori". I think you should take a look at it. Oh I think I've seen enough. I mean, Prostration for six hours! Give us strength. You know, it's all very clear. I think you'd find it really interesting. Yeah. When did you start being able to read Ancient? I can't. But this, looked familiar. Thank those full of value. I was worried when you did not meet me. Yeah, sorry about that. Why did you not meet me? Why are you not sharing leaves with the administrator's wife? I... forgot. We are already suspected, we must not alter our behaviour. Suspected of what? Harrid, what ails you? If I did not know better, I would fear you, you're trying to entrap me. No. I wouldn't dream of trying to... Entrap you? How? Stop this, please. Okay, you know what? Please... would you, would you sit? Go with me. My name is Daniel Jackson, and I am inside the mind of Harrid. I am able to speak through him by use of a communication technology that we believe was first constructed and use by a race known as the Alterans. And I'm Vala... Mal Doran. How you doin? By the stars, forgive me. I am Phanis. Nice to meet you, we're from a place called Earth. Can I speak with Harrid? No, his consciousness appears to be supressed so long as we are connected. Harrid always suspected that the stones were a means of communication. You know about the stones? We are curators, investigators of the past. The stones were discovered some time ago in what we believe are the remains of an ancestral burial ground not far from here. Why are you hiding them? Such investigation is sacrilege. You're not allowed to investigate your own history? If such a history contradicts the book of origin. You're heretics. We have uncovered evidence that we believe proves the race of humans predates our supposed creation by the Ori. Excuse me, Daniel. What if these Gods, the Ori, are the people left behind by the Alterans? You think they ascended? It's possible. The Alterans left a long, long time ago. And what we know of the Ancients, they learned to evolve and ascend. What if the people who remained here, did too. That would mean these people are a subsequent evolution of humans, which is apparently what happened in our galaxy after the Ancients we know ascended. And it would explain why they are not as advanced as we might expect. No, but the religion doesn't fit the profile. The ascended beings I know, don't pose as Gods I mean that's the one explicit rule that they do follow, is that they don't meddle in the affairs of the lower planes of existence. The Ori are not posing. We do not doubt their power, just their word and intention. Their power is as real as the strength and belief of all followers. You were late for leaves with the administrator's wife, Sallis and she are aquaintances. So what should I do? Can you not disconnect and allow Sallis to return? No, apparently we can't do that. Then you must pose as Sallis, or we will be discovered. I can do that. The council has already taken rest of it. The vote was quick. I delivered yours by proxy. Gerak's motion was resolved by a slim majority. The Jaffa will be ruled by a High Council. Votes will be attributed to the various coalition representatives, based on military assets. Making Gerak... The new leader of the Jaffa nation. You said the Ori may have ascended, what does that mean? Where we come from, some people who used to look a lot like us evolved physically and mentally so much that they found a way to shed their physical bodies and live as energy on another higher plane of existence. Some called it enlightenment and came with it a much greater understanding of the universe and all its knowledge. Now this happened a long time ago and I believe that those people may have originally come from here. And those ascended beings as you call them, do not guide you and ask that you worship them. No, in fact, they believed so strongly in free will that they... would not even intervene and use their knowledge even if it meant the destruction of an entire galaxy full of us regular old humans. Such is not the case with the Ori. Yes, so they ask that you worship them and yet conceal the truth of your existence from you. That is not all. What are you gonna do? We are gathering as much evidence as we can. Our hope is that one day we will have enough proof to convince even the most devout believers. In the meantime, we meet in secret, and share with those who we trust what we have learned. We keep hidden those artifacts which prove our claims in case one or more of us are discovered. How many of you are there? A few. Our numbers are growing. Some believe the fact we have not been discovered is further proof that the Ori are not all-powerful and all knowing. Others wonder if they are just giving us the opportunity to see the error of our ways and repent. A crowd gathers at the arrar. That's an altar? I cannot be seen with you. And so said Disraya before the battle of ages. He spoke to the sky and said "And the people shall deliver unto you the wicked for your divine judgement where their sin shall be weighed in the balance of all that is just and true". Let go of me! Get your hands off me! Daniel! What happened? It didn't go so well. Yeah, I can see that. Excuse me. Harrid, stand back. Sallis has been overcome. No she hasn't, if you'll just let me explain. Listen to me! Fear not, for the Ori see all, outside and within. If your heart is pure and your devotion unwavering, they will protect you. They'll cleanse your being and you will be taken to be with them forever. If not, may the fire burn you down to the ground and lay you in the dust. Fire? Hallowed are the Ori. Her heartrate is 140, she's in distress. Daniel's BP and heartrate are increasing too. Pull the stones! I can't! What the hell did you say? I think at first it's what I didn't say. You see, apparently there's a blessing you're supposed to recite over the leaves before you drink, which nobody warned me about. Then I think it's what I did say. I was trying to politely explain what was going on and then his wife started screaming and accusing me of being overcome, at which point I believe I suggested she might want to think about procreation... with herself. Well listen! Please listen to me! You have to believe me. This is not what it looks like, Sallis is not possessed. Okay! This is going to sound crazy, but we're from another galaxy. That's where we were using a communication technology that allows us to take over a body from very far away and let us talk to you! We just want to talk to you! Okay this is getting worse, I'm administering a sedative. Hopefully it'll calm things down. DANIEL! Okay listen to me! Listen to me. You have to believe me. You're killing an innocent person! DANIEL! Blessed are those that deliver us from evil. She's in VFIB. Code blue! Charging to 200! No, don't shoot! You got a better idea? You might cause a surge, you could kill them both. You might detonate the power source, now come on. Clear! Charge to 360. Clear! Still in VFIB, charging again. Clear! I've got no pulse, she's gone into A-Cistallic. I'm calling it. She's dead? I'm sorry. His vitals have stabalised for the moment. You can't pry the stones off? No. And you don't want me to shoot it? No. Then how do we unplug this thing? I don't know. Brilliant. At the very least, we need to find a way to get that bracelet off of Dr Jackson. They're still linked and without Vala he'll proba... She's got a heartbeat! Daniel...? You okay? I've got tingles all over. And don't flatter yourself, I'm pretty sure it's not you. Thank you. Thank the Ori. Stand. You will come with me. I think he wants us to follow him, can you walk? If it means getting away from here.