They say that the Sangraal is protected by the most powerful of magical beasts. Amongst the information I obtained regarding the Sangraal is the name of the protector. - Protector? - The dragon. OSRIC: The Sangraal is hidden in a cave beneath a lone mountain. It's too bad you won't be coming with us. There it is. We've found it. Well, I guess I'm not as true of spirit as you thought I was. Hey! We agreed there's no such thing as a dragon, right? Yeah. VALA: Because that looks pretty real to me. What just happened? I extended my protective shield. You're lucky I still need you. Whoa, heads up! Move out! (DRAGON SCREECHING) (SIGHING) Well, he's too big to fit through the opening, so I think we're safe. (DRAGON ROARING) (DRAGON SCREECHING) Move! There appears to be an exit this way. Okay, what the hell just happened back there? It was a hologram. The Sangraal wasn't real. What are you saying? We came all this way for nothing? - We have to go back inside. - BA'AL: You must be joking. The dragon is the final test. It would be madness to challenge that thing. I don't think we're going to have a choice. (DRAGON SCREECHING) Tree line! So now what? It can't see us as long as we stay in the trees. We should be able to make it back to the village. We're not going anywhere. Adria's right. The dragon's the final test, and we've come too far to give up now. It's just that kind of noble sentiment that's going to get us all killed. Aren't you the one that claimed to know the dragon's secret name? Time to earn your keep. Yes, I may have exaggerated about that slightly. Anyway, you didn't think that just by calling out its name you'd suddenly be able to control it? I don't know. Name magic is common in most mythologies. To know something's secret name is to steal its power. So, what are we supposed to do? Just start guessing? Darrell, the dragon. MITCHELL: How about Smokey? Perhaps Puff. Would you just give me a minute? (DRAGON SCREECHING) While we're waiting, options? Well, we know the P90 fire just bounced off its armor. Which means it's not a hologram. If it was a hologram, the bullets would've gone straight through. So it's not that your weapons aren't ineffective, it's that they're ineffective in a different way. What I am saying is that if bullets bounce, maybe we should try something that packs a little more punch. All right, here is what we're going to do. We're going to lure Darrell down to the ground. I'm going to take this thing, and we're going to toss it underneath and detonate it near the exposed underbelly. That's where dragons are most vulnerable. Carter, you detonate from the tree line, and I will do the running. That's all right, Teal'c. I got this one. All right. Off you go. (DRAGON SCREECHING) - Oh, son of a bitch. - Oh, not good. Teal'c, run! Hey, Daniel, now would be a really good time. Okay, the <i>Parchment of Virtues</i> said the Sangraal would belong to he who speaks the guardian's name. - The guardian's name... - The guardian is a dragon. No, the guardian's not the dragon. The guardian is the person who set this whole thing up. - The guardian is Morgan Le Fay. - Right! Wait! No! What the hell? Wait! Hey! Morgan Le Fay! (SCREECHING) Darrell? Ganos Lal! Wow. It's Morgan's name in Ancient. Yeah, I know. Thanks for the assist. Well, to be honest, I wouldn't have been of much use to you. My strengths lie in strategy and command, whereas yours lie in armed combat and dealing with... Dragons? Clearly. It's real this time, right? I don't see why not. Oh, come on. Okay, what just happened? CARTER: I think we were transported into another chamber. Where's Adria? I guess she didn't make it. It must be some sort of security measure. I don't know. It let him in. Well, I don't think Morgan was too concerned about the Goa'uld. It was the Ori she was worried about. MITCHELL: You know, I'm not seeing anything around here that looks like a Sangraal, which begets the question, what was she protecting? I think I know. "Here lies Myrrdin, Archmage of the Round." All right, that's not a hologram. - He's the real McCoy, right? - I think so. MITCHELL: How long has he been in there? Well over a thousand years. TEAL'C: We have encountered Ancient stasis technology such as this before. General O'Neill was kept in a similar pod in Antarctica. So, how do we get him out? I have no idea. VALA: Hey, guys, look at this. Vala, be careful! I... (ENERGY SURGING) MITCHELL: Hey, Jackson! Jackson! Whoa, we got him. Clear that off. He's heavier than he looks. (GROANING) No, he did not just... No, he's still alive. It may take him a while to revive completely. All right. In the meantime, we should see if there's a way out of here. Let us know what you find. Or I could come, too. Hey, daylight over here. You know, I can't quite put my finger on it, but something is different. We weren't just transported to another chamber. We were transported to another planet. The gate must have been activated remotely, then the obelisk beamed us through the wormhole. Well, as far as I'm concerned, the more distance between us and Adria, the better. Except that she has the knowledge of the Ori. She knows as much about the gates and the DHDs as the people who built them. - Lf anyone can track us, it's her. - Yeah, except that. It's amazing how similar this is to the myth. Supposedly, Morgan trapped Merlin in a cave and left him frozen there for all eternity. Only in reality, I think she was trying to protect him. How do you mean? Well, I'm starting to think that maybe Morgan did destroy the Sangraal after all. I mean, she probably figured she had no choice. That if she didn't do it, the other Ancients would have just sent someone else. So instead, she did the next best thing. MITCHELL: She preserved the one man capable of building it again. Well, it's official. We are stuck here, wherever "here" is. The good news is we found a gate. Teal'c's watching it. - The bad news is... - We can't dial out. Somebody tampered with the DHD. BA'AL: I can fix it. Reprogramming dialing devices is my specialty. Whoops. Guess who's coming around. Where am I? Good question. You look familiar. Guinevere. Oh, my dear, it's been too long. It's good to see you, too. Percivale and Galahad. Oh, brave knights, fortune indeed does smile upon me to see your faces again. It looks like Merlin's drawbridge no longer goes all the way across the moat, if you catch my meaning. What's that? Mordred. I might have known it. BA'AL: We're wasting our time with this old fool. We need to get back to the gate, so I can start reprogramming... Be silent. Well, how do you like that? The old boy still has some tricks up his sleeve. Merlin. Myrrdin! We need you to remember about the Sangraal, about Morgan, and about how you got here. - Morgan... - You also knew her as Ganos Lal. I haven't heard that name spoken in a very long time. We're not Knights of the Round Table. MITCHELL: Though we are flattered by the comparison. A thousand years have passed. We know who you really are. We know about Atlantis and we've encountered the Ori. Tell me more. I don't know where to begin. This is going to take a while. All right, we'll get started checking out the cave. Unless you have any objections. No? Great. Move out. (PEOPLE CHATTERING) Make way for the Orici! What happened? The gate activated on its own and only seconds later, it closed again. The gate activated on its own and only seconds later, it closed again. I don't suppose anyone saw the address. No, Orici. I'll need to examine the dialing device. Ready your men. As soon as I determine where they went, we're leaving. Yes, Orici. And what of the village? Have they agreed to accept the teachings of Origin? No. Then burn it. And it was Morgan who finally led us to you. Of course, she couldn't come right out and tell us. She had to be annoyingly cryptic about the whole thing. You have an unusual understanding of the way of Ascended beings. Yes, that's partly because I used to be one myself. The human race could not have progressed that far in only a thousand years. No, I had a little help. Her name was Oma Desala. Oh, of course. And what happened? Well, I guess I didn't exactly see eye to eye with the others. Oh, yes. I found myself in a similar position. Yeah, I wasn't too good at the whole non-interference thing. I guess there were a few arguments. At least, that's the impression I got. - You don't remember? - No. In order to protect me, Oma erased it all from my mind and sent me back. Oh, I'm surprised she still hasn't learned her lesson. She's not the only one who broke some of the rules. The Ori gain their power from the lower planes, so much so that one day they shall be strong enough to wipe the others out. In the face of such a threat, a strict policy of non-interference is absurd. I'm sure Oma would agree with you. Oma concerns herself with the individual. She may have the best intentions, but then, so did the Ori when they first began. Still, she must have seen something in you to believe you to be worthy. This cave is a bust. There's nothing else here. - How's it going? - I'm not exactly sure. Before I agree to join with you, I need to know that you are willing to do whatever must be done to see it through. Surely, you have some idea of what we've been through to get here. What you experienced so far is as nothing compared to what is to come. Don't worry about us. We're on board. In that case, there is much work to be done. (SIGHING) He's been at it for hours, Daniel. Want to take a guess at what he's doing? Well, from the looks of it, I'd say he's virtually piecing something together from base molecules. Another Sangraal? (EX CLAIMING) Thank you. I'm fine. Just need a little rest. What was that? TEAL 'C ON RADIO: Colonels Mitchell and Carter. Come quickly. You will want to see this. Let's go. The gate activated on its own. The crystal in the obelisk began to glow, and then everything changed. I'll say. MITCHELL: We've been transported to another planet. Well, if Daniel's right, and Morgan wanted to keep Merlin hidden, this would be a great way to do it. My guess is we're traveling through a circuit of planets cut off from the rest of the gate system by a deliberate alteration of the DHD program. Then you believe we'll be unable to dial out from this gate as well. Well, we can give it a shot, but, yeah, I doubt it'll work until we find the automatic dialing program in the DHD processor and shut it down. You can do that, right? I hope so. I have lived many lifetimes. First in Atlantis. Then on Earth before the dawn of your civilization. Then I joined the ranks of the Ascended, and finally, I returned to mortal form to live out my remaining days among the noblemen of Arthur's court, or so I thought. And through all these eons, only one thing stayed the same. There is never enough time. Well, we're safe for the moment. You can take all the time you need. I slept too long. My body betrays me. We're not about to let you give up now. You realize what's at stake. If you don't help us, the Ori will take this galaxy. (SIGHING) One last task, then, before I rest. Good luck, Dr. Jackson. (ENERGY SURGING) (EX CLAIMING) What just happened? He's dead. He said, "Good luck"? It's very strange. It's almost as if he knew it was going to happen. Which leaves us with no Sangraal, and for the moment, no way off this planet. I told you I can fix the dialing device. Merlin's little trick with my vocal chords expired at the same moment he did. Yet another reason to mourn his passing. Joke all you want, Teal'c, but I am the only one who can get us out of here. He is good with dialing programs. Maybe if we work together. I'm having trouble finding the relocation program. It must be buried in one of the correlative subroutines. We'll never find it using those search protocols. I'm going to have to make some adjustments to your program. How much longer is this going to take? It's impossible to say. All I know for sure is it would have been a lot easier on that nice, warm desert planet. He said he had one more thing to do before he could rest. I thought he meant build us another weapon. No, you were right before. He knew he didn't have enough time. Now, this is obviously some sort of virtual interface, like a computer-assisted design program, only in the past, we've seen it used to download information into someone's mind. What sort of information? All the knowledge of the Ancients. That's a lot. Yes, as a matter of fact, it's too much for a human brain to handle. It's fatal. But what if you could control it? Use it to store and load something more specific? Like? I'm not sure. Hey! (ON RADIO) Vala here. I'm going to need some help. - What is it? - It's Daniel. - Keep working. - Cam... I do not trust him to finish on his own, Sam. Jackson! Jackson! What did he do? The planet is lifeless. There is no one here. They were here. I'm certain of it. What would you have us do? Lead the men in Prostration. I will inform you when I have the next address. Yes, Orici. Try it now. I'm still not reading any anomalies. This is ridiculous. I can't be expected to work like this. I can barely see, my fingers are numb. I say we go back inside, we warm up, we take our chances on the next planet. How do you know it will not be worse? We're about to find out. (EX CLAIMING) Merlin's gone. Well, that's just weird. Sam, what just happened? The obelisk transported us to another planet. I think it's scheduled to go off every couple of hours. How are things out there? Well, it's a little spooky, but at least it's warm. How's Daniel? He's sitting up. I'll get back to you on the rest. Hey. How you doing, sunshine? He was right. You do look like Percivale. Excuse me? We spent a lot of time in this room. Who did? We did. He did. Merlin. Sorry, it's a little confusing having two sets of memories in your head. And he wasn't kidding about living many lifetimes. - You have Merlin's memories? - Some of them. Earth, Atlantis, and the different medieval societies he set up throughout the galaxy. And the work he did in this lab. Hey, whoa, hey, hang on a second. Are you telling me you can build the Sangraal? He knew he didn't have the strength to finish it. His body had deteriorated too much during the stasis. So he gave me the knowledge. Wait! I can see it now. I can do this. Twice, a device like that almost killed General O'Neill. Both times, it took the Asgard to save him. Daniel thought that this device might be different, that somehow the information could be limited. I hope he's right. We found the body of an old man, dead. Apart from that, there's nothing here. (SIGHING) This is beginning to try my patience. Is there no other way we can track them? No. But each time I'm able to determine their destination more quickly than the last. Sooner or later, we will catch up to them. Maybe we're barking up the wrong tree here. Maybe the relocation program isn't in the DHD processor at all. What, the obelisk? (CHUCKLING) You obviously have no idea what you are talking about. Says the brainiac who spent three days trapped in that force field. That technology is strictly used for localized transport. Yeah, I know. I mean, it's obviously what's beaming us through the gate every time there's an open wormhole, but what if it also contains a remote dialer? It's one thing to send someone here and there on the surface of the planet. It's quite another to send them halfway across the galaxy. It's like comparing a laptop to a supercomputer. Well, it wouldn't have to contain the entire navigational system, now, would it? Just a command code sufficient to override normal dialing protocols. Just a command code sufficient to override normal dialing protocols. Yes. But to borrow a rather quaint human phrase, why hide a needle in a small haystack when you can use an enormous one? It wouldn't be much of a security measure if it could be discovered by the first Tau'ri female who comes along, would it, now? I'm sorry. Are you dismissing my idea out of hand because I'm human or because I'm a woman? A little of both, I suppose. You know what? I'll check it myself. What is that? Stage one. The first step towards creating Merlin's weapon. - It's real? - Yeah. That's exactly what this device does. It allows you to design and configure something virtually, and then it materializes it. Just like O'Neill did when he created the anti-Replicator weapon. I thought the Sangraal was a tiny red jewel. No, that's the final stage, the key to making the whole thing work. So how long before you can put the whole thing together? Daniel? (GROANING) I'm all right. I'm all right. This machine takes a lot out of you. The level of concentration required is pretty intense. Can I get you anything? - Water. - Sure. Okay, that happened. It's interesting. Jack got healing powers. I guess I got telekinesis. Jack also almost died. Now, you said that this device might be different. - I'll be fine. - That's crap. She's right. You don't get fancy mind powers unless there's been major redecorating going on inside your skull. Look, obviously, creating the weapon requires a higher level of brain function. Now, Merlin would've foreseen that. Trust me, I can handle this. Damn it. (CLEARING THROAT) What do you want? I need your help. Look, I still think I'm right about the obelisk, but I can't make heads or tails of its programming. Well, that's hardly surprising. I mean, I know where you come from you're considered relatively intelligent, but by galactic standards, that's not really saying much. Wouldn't you agree? You know, if you're not going to help then you're really not much use to us, and if you're not much use to us, then there's really no point in keeping you alive any longer. Wouldn't you agree? (SCOFFING) I'd be delighted to help. Great to hear it. - Stage two? - Indeed. I must rest. I'm not as young as I used to be. Daniel? Are you all right? - I know you. - Well, of course you do, silly. It's me. Vala. I had the strangest dream. Everything was covered in ice. Jackson. Daniel. What's going on? We're losing you, that's what's going on. Every time you come back from that machine, it gets a little worse, and don't tell me you're fine. No. No, I just have... I have too many thoughts in my head. - I can't concentrate. I get confused. - You have to fight it. No, no, that's the thing. I have to let it happen. That's the only way I can build Merlin's weapon. (PANTING) You have to tell him that he doesn't have to do this. He'll listen to you. Oh? What team have you been on? Besides, we need this one. What makes you think we'll even be allowed to use it? The Ancients didn't let Merlin get away with it last time... Vala! Vala, shut up for once. We have to take the risk. What? This is all about noble sacrifice for you, isn't it? - Oh, dear, I'm sorry, what about you? - What? When you flew that cargo ship into the gap of the supergate, you knew damn well that you might not come out the other side alive. No, that was different. Yeah, different because you were the one taking the risk. Well, now you know. The hard part about being part of this team is not risking your own life. It's watching your friends take chances with theirs. Congratulations. Now you really are one of us. It's a command override. I can't believe we actually found it. Clearly, you work well together. Well, now that we've identified the program, it should be a simple matter to shut it down. (ENERGY SURGING) Ready your men. It's time. Yes, Orici. (ENERGY SURGING) What is it? - Get to the gate now. - Why? They're coming. (STARGATE ACTIVATING) Incoming wormhole! Hold them here! I'll get help! (GROANING) Dr. Jackson. (SIGHING) You're too late. You haven't completed the weapon. I'd say I'm just in time. And I'd say things are different now. Draining, isn't it? Instead of helping your friends, you should have saved your energy to deal with me. Would it have made a difference? Probably not. What was that? I don't know, but I say we don't stick around to find out. Dial out of here before anyone else can dial in. I'm going to go check on Daniel. Daniel? Why do I bother? Adria, I want you to stop this right now. I'm sorry it has to be this way, Mother. - Get to the gate now. - I'm not leaving you here. I'll be right behind you. No. There has to be a way we can get back to that planet. A DHD buffer typically holds the last 50 addresses that were dialed, and we went through three gates before getting there. We've got a lot of planets to check. Adria found a way around the problem. Even if we could return to the planet, at this point I fear it would do us little good. (HITTING KEYBOARD) (GRUNTING) At least we'd be doing something. Merlin gave Daniel some pretty valuable intel. Adria knows that. Hey. She'll keep him alive. How are you feeling? I don't suppose you know what a hangover is. (SIGHING) Never mind. I know the burden must be awful. Your brain simply wasn't built to handle that much information. (GROANING) Well, whatever I had, it's gone, along with what feels like half my brain cells.