dogfight over Antarctica. SG-1 found the Ancient outpost, took out Anubis' fleet. That's him? That's him. Remember, no matter what, we're here to protect SG-1 at all costs.</i> Target the Al'kesh first, gliders second. Go low boys and girls, Prometheus has our backs. Break left, two gliders at our three o'clock. Prometheus! SG-1, this is Hammond, do you read? Yes Sir, it's good to see you! Contact! One bandit on the deck and inbound. Tally one. Fox two, Fox two. So close... We've been hit! Left thruster is down. Contact, two gliders on our six! Blue leader, we've got your six. Nice shot, Red! - He's been hit! - Red One? He's gone. Chief Master Sergeant Walter Harriman. The General's ready for you, Colonel. - Bigger than I thought it'd be. - Yes Sir. Welcome to Stargate Command! Season 9 - Episode 1 Avalon (Part 1) Feel free to have a seat, General Landry will be with you shortly. He's finishing up a briefing with SG-12. Thank you, Sergeant. Alright boys and girls, listen up. We've got a change of plans. New orders from Gen. Hammond. We are no longer going after Anubis' mothership. SG-1 is on his way to Antarctica on a cargo ship. - SG-1? - They think they may have found the Lost City of the Ancients. - In Antarctica? - Doesn't matter where they are, or what it is they're doing, It's SG-1 and we're gonna cover their asses. E.T.A. is nine minutes, expect ennemy to throw everything they have at us. Alright, saddle up folks! Cocky sons of bitches! Marines! Never liked them. - You must be Colonel Mitchell. - Yes, Sir. It's good to be here, Sir. Your service record's impeccable, Mitchell. What's wrong with ya? - Sir? - Nobody's perfect. Everyone has some sort of character flaw, what's yours? Sometimes I can be impatient, Sir. All pilots have "Type A" personalities. I'm talking about your kryptonite. Don't worry, I'll figure it out. Walter? The files on the desk are the personnel folders you're about to request, Sir.</i> About to request? Walter, I'd appreciated... You have to push the button to talk, Sir! Thank you, Walter. The thing that's hardest to get used to, around here, It's how good everybody is at their job! The fact is, I like yelling at people! Never got the damn chance. I'll try not to lower the average, Sir. Oh, a self deprecating sense of humour. You think it'll make people like you, despite your outward perfection? No. Here you go son, get started. Sir? You heard the disconnected voice of the little Sergeant with psychic powers. Those are personnel files. Start picking a team. General, I'm here to join SG-1. Colonel, you're here to lead SG-1. What about Lt. Col. Carter? Well, she's taken command of Stargate's R and D out of Area 51. - Since when? - Last week! And Daniel Jackson? Dr. Jackson put in for reassignement. Teal'c left the program over a month ago, I'm surprised Gen O'Neill didn't tell you! No. That's Jack for you? You know, I looked for the key for that desk for a week, before I finally got him to admit, He never had one! The man never opened a drawer the whole time he was here. I'm sorry, Sir. The reason that I requested this post... Why I worked so hard... Expresses himself poorly when faced with unexpected challenge. Your sheet says you have outstanding leadership skills. Take the files, Colonel. Choose your team before I start to question the accuracy of that claim. Yes Sir. Doctor Jackson. Colonel. - My friends call me Cameron. - Daniel. - How are you? - I'm good, thanks. - Yeah, I heard you were coming. - Yeah, they told me you were leaving. Yeah, finally. You don't wanna help? No, actually I came to see if I could talk you into staying. You're kidding. I've been given command of SG-1. Good for you, you deserve it. 'Think the SGC still needs you. There's lots of other guys. You're the world's formost expert on the Ancients. Yes, that's why I'm going to Atlantis, "city of the Ancients". Listen, Gen. O'Neill gave me the choice of any posting I wanted, I chose SG-1. That meant Col. Carter, Teal'c and yourself, not two letters, a dash and a number. That's nice. I wanted to be on the frontline, working with the best. I wanted to learn from you. - Look, this is all very flattering but... - Thats not the point. I'm sorry. And I know why, I owe you one. We all do. We've lost the turbines. Heads up Blue leader, this is Carter. We have another bandit incoming. I see it, Major. Fox two. Splash. One Alkesh! That was close... Listen, Jackson... I don't want you to stay because you think you owe me one. - Unless of course you're considering it. - Oh, no, no... I was just going to offer you my appartement... Right. Brother, I love what you've done with the place. These columns were salvaged and restored from the original Ancient monument. Well it's got a real High Council feel to it. I hope you've taken lots of Before and After pictures. Where's the rest of your team, Colonel Mitchell? Actually, it's still kinda SG-Me. That's one of the reasons I'm here. I was hoping, maybe you could help me. I can offer some names of those I consider to be honourable warriors. I appreciate that. I know you're busy. We are attempting to build a whole new system of government and expand Jaffa worlds throughout the galaxy. Yeah, how's that going? Not well. Well, your people did just renounce their gods. I guess we gotta cut them a bit of a break. Too many are still steeped in an old culture full of antiquated rituals and are slow to accept change. I understand Major Davies and SG-7 are trying to help out. That has caused problems as well. Many view the Tau'ri with the same level of mistrust as a would be enemy. They see the proposed system of government as a means to control and subvert their newly acquired freedom. My allegiance to the Tau'ri is not serving me as well as you might think in winning votes from the most traditional Jaffa electorate. - Politics really does suck everywhere you go. - Indeed. Listen, maybe it's a good thing I came by. If this doesn't work out, before all the space on the team fills... Teal'c, the Council's returning from recess. - I must go. - Sure. It was good to see you, Colonel Mitchell. I will forward a list of names as soon as I am able. Have fun! Did I mention I'm on a mission for God? Okay, never mind. Yo, you wanna join SG-1? Hi. Cameron Mitchell, Colonel. Excuse me, can you tell me wich way to the Stargate? Stargate, Chappa'ai? Just... point a finger! - Hi, Cameron! - Hey, Sam, it's good to see you. Sorry it took me so long to get back to you. We have been up to our ears double checking the new hyperdrive, and then the uplink was jammed with the long range plotting program being transmitted by the Asgard... No need to bore you. How you been? You look good. Thanks. Listen, Sam, come back and rejoin SG-1. I heard you'd be given command, congratulations. I'm not kidding. You can keep an eye on R and D in your spare time, just like you always have. Besides, Dr. Lee is pouting because you got the post over him. - Really? - No, I made that up. I have my reasons for wanting this job. I had my reasons for wanting this job, one of them, was working with you and please, do not say that's nice. We'll still work together. Won't be the same. What if the world need saving? Well, if the world needs saving, I will be here to do what I can. What if the world needs saving because I screwed up cos you weren't here in the first place? - How about we pretend I didn't say that? - Done. Lt. Col. Carter to the bridge. Lt. Col. Carter please report immediatly to the bridge.</i> - Sorry, I gotta go. - Yeah. - Buy you breakfast when you get back on solid ground. - You're on. Talk to you soon. Well, Walter, doesn't look like we're getting the band back together. I can't shake it. Reroute power to... Banks, you okay? Banks!! I'm losing it, hang on back there. Eject! Eject! Damnit, ejection failed. Mayday, mayday! We are going in, repeat, we are going in! So did you decide to go with the desk at an angle or flush with the door? Is that what this is about? You come all the way to Colorado Springs to check up on me. No I had to sign the papers to my house, and my car, motorcycle. You know, I'll never forget that day on the front porch of my house. You standing there saying you wanted to tell me something about the Stargate Program. I thought one of us had truly lost his mind. That may actually be true. How are things working out for Mitchell? Well you could have told him that SG1 had been reassigned. You should have seen his face. Yeah, I suppose huh. He'll uh, he'll get his feet. The man's a survivor. He's also got the best of the best looking out for him. A General's only as good as the people he commands. Who said that? I just did. I mean, Douglas MacArthur may have said something similar. Didn't he also say there's no substitute for winning? Actually, it was in a war and there's no substitute for victory. You seem to have the knack for it. I'm fluent in Mandarin, Russian, Spanish. Three dialects of Goa'uld. Tenise, Golap and the yet unnamed language of the cave people of P3K-447. And of course, Ancient. Spoken as well as written. Go ahead, say anything. - Nah it's ok, I believe you. - Toa puta ego. Which is actually, just I believe you. That's ok is a modern vernacular that can't be directly translated into Ancient, however... This is really unnecessary. Ono mattah na tario. Thank you. 87 mission hours to 32 alien planets. Front line ground combat on four different occasions. I was hoping you could tell me something about yourself. Something personal. People call me Dave. It says here, that's your name. Yes. The magnetic properties of the planet, make it an excellent choice for the long term study of positively charged ions on the neurons of the brain. ... 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 ... We have modified the android body recovered from PX3-989 and are currently incorporating the experiences of every SG team member since the inception of the program, into a viable artificial intelligence. Wait a minute. Are you guys saying that this thing actually exists? We haven't received our funding, yet. But we were hoping that with your support, perhaps a funding body would look more favourably on our proposal. Don't make a decision yet. We do have a precise but thorough 380 page report for you to... Thousands of bright yellow, I don't know, and they're coming from the surface. I don't know what they are. They're cutting the enemy fleet to shreds. My god, it's beautiful. They're the Ancient weapon. It's SG-1, they've found what they were looking for. All the ships are being destroyed. They're just exploding everywhere we look. Don't worry, it's gonna be ok. - Respiration is weak. - He's bleeding internally. I need an ultrasound. Lt Adam Banks body was recovered at 0843 this morning. Oh my God, Cameron? I rate the chance of you walking, quite slim. But with physiotherapy, hopefully... None of us would be here today if it wasn't for what you did. The Congressional Medal Of Honour is the highest award for valour in action against an enemy force, that can be bestowed upon an individual serving in the armed services of the United States Of America. On behalf of the President... You get well soon, and when you do, you can do anything you want, and I mean professionally, anything you want. Well not anything. What's up Sir? I wanted you here for this. SG-12 sent word five minutes ago. They should be arriving, momentarily. Receiving IDC. Opening the iris. Well, don't you all have me surrounded. Welcome to the SGC. I'm General Landry. Vala. Vala Mal Doran. Thank you so much for the lovely greeting party. We had a wondeful time searching each other, didn't we boys? I know we haven't met. In fact, I'm sure I would remember. Lt-Col. Cameron Mitchell. Nice outfit. Thanks. When I would normally be thrilled to have so much testosterone at my disposal, where's my Daniel? OK, where is it? Nice to see you too! How've you been? The tablet! The one that leads to the incredible Ancient buried treasure. There is no tablet! - What? - I lied. I had to tell you in person. I'm pregnant. Pretty sure it's yours. Anyway, there's at least a one in...ten chance? Dr Jackson, you're the reason we let her through the gate. I'm sorry Sir, I really have to finish packing. The Daedalus doesn't leave for another 12 hours. At least have a look. Thank you. Yep. Don't know where you got this, but you got ripped off. It's complete gibberish. It's written in code. Well I can't crack this in a few hours. I know the cypher. Then why do you need me? Well reading it is one thing. Understanding it is another. The individual I got this from assured me that the treasure it describes is here on Earth. Now I could have come by ship and looked for it myself, but I know nothing about your fair planet, other than it seems to have a rather interesting if somewhat limited gene pool. So where did you get this? The Jaffa may have won their freedom, but there's still more than a few Goa'uld out there. Most of them have lost their dynasties though and are either on the run or in hiding. Yeah, they're plotting some means of regaining their power. Yes, and in the meantime they are having a lot of trouble maintaining the lifestyle to which they've grown so accustomed over the last 5000 years or so. As such, there are a number of rather interesting artifacts, currently on the market. Anyway, that isn't the issue. The question is, what's it worth? Well the Ancients aren't exactly known for secret stashes of gold. Like these for example. Wait a minute. These markings are Goa'uld. The treasure is supposed to be Ancient. What do they have to do with this? These are actually only loosely related to the tablet. Yeah, how? Have you ever heard of the Goa'uld, Nut? As in Cashew? Pea? Oh, you mean the Egyptian Sky Goddess. Yes. No, never heard of her. These were her ceremonial marriage bracelets. She wore one and her husband of the moment wore one. Of the moment? Yes, she had many. One of the few admirable things about her. Ow! What are you doing? Security! OK, that was fun, now take it off. Not until we find the treasure. What? These bracelets link us together. The tablet is mine and I want my fair share of what it leads to. That's the third blade I've gone through. I'm not gonna be able to cut it off the hand. If we remove the hand... I know that on first blush that doesn't sound like a viable option. But I understand that Dr Bennett is becoming quite proficient at reattaching... I thought SG-12 checked everything she had on her. They did. And in their defence, at that time, the bracelet wasn't giving off any kind of energy signature. I mean, even now it's barely measureable. So what's it doing? I mean, how does it work? Well... I don't know. No, no. I just need a little more time. I'll find out. Hey, are you ok? Come to torture me? How old are you? Mental abuse won't work either. I have a daughter about your age. Hasn't listened to me since she was twelve. Doesn't matter what I say or do. You're not going to bore me with your personal life, are you? I have to admit an hour or two of that might break me. I don't like being deceived! I'm not here to hurt anyone and I really do hope this leads to something fabulous for all of us, but it's not easy out there, and I'm sure you can appreciate that a girl has to do what a girl has to do to get by. I am about as interested in your sob story as you are in mine. I just want you to know that Dr Jackson is the one who recommended I let you through the gate. He thought there was a chance that what you had to offer might be legitimate. And he's the one with an alien device now stuck on his wrist. Now how this plays out and what you get out of it, in the end, I'm going to leave entirely up to him. So if I were you... Teal'c? Daniel Jackson. How you doing? Fine, I think. I don't know what happened. I was... It's the bracelet. They are called Korm'ak. Figured he might know. Yeah, she said there was some sort of weird Goa'uld Nut, marriage thing. I do not believe that to be the case. No? No. I should have known. I have only heard of them in passing, a very long time ago, but I believe it was Cronus who used this technology, when a prisoner of value needed to be transported by one of his Jaffa. He would have fixed a bracelet such as this to both the prisoner and the Jaffa responsible for him. If they became separated for more than a short period of time, they would both become ill and die. Both? That's just about the stupidest thing I've ever heard! You didn't know? Well I knew it would make you sick, I didnt know it would have the same effect on me too. How could you not know! Because the person that I stole it from didn't tell me that part! Question. Why would the Goa'uld design these things that way? To punish the Jaffa for his incompetence. Right, of course. Can you take it off? I am sorry Daniel Jackson, as I have said, I have only heard of this technology in passing. Please tell me you know how to take this off!! Yes, of course I do. I mean, that's assuming that the person I stole them from was honest about that part. Just do it! All right! As soon as we find the treasure and I get my fair share. OK, just to clarify. When I kill her, I die? Just as if you left her proximity. Or we could just find the treasure. The Daedalus left two hours ago. Sorry. Look, the tablet is written in Ancient code, right? I know it's not the Lost City of Atlantis we're looking for here, but whatever it is, could be worth finding. Or you just have to marry that chick. Yeah! Let's make babies! You're sure you have this cypher right? Yes, why? I can't believe I missed the Daedalus for this. Get over it. You don't have to get back to Dakara? The council is in recess until tomorrow. Curious? Indeed. See, this is good, isn't it? Being part of a team again? Working together to unravel some cool Ancient mystery? Right, so we're not working together. But any minute now I bet Dr Jackson discovers some key piece of information that sets us off on a great adventure. This can't be right. What is it? Well this is a portion of the database the Atlantis expedition brought back with them a few weeks ago. Specifically it's a log of the names of the Ancients who left the planet when it was under Siege from the Wraith and returned to Earth. Thousands of years ago. Yes. And what does this have to do with the tablet? See the tablet talks about a treasure, but it doesn't make any specific reference at all to where it is. Well it is supposed to be here. That's what the person who I stole it from told me. Before I stole it from him. Well I think it is here and I think I know where it is, too? Alright, time out. If the tablet doesn't say. It doesn't say specifically, but it is signed by a guy named Meardon. Never heard of him. I think you have and the amazing part is, his name also appears in the database. The Ancient who carved this tablet is one of the Ancients who returned to Earth from Atlantis. Yes. I have an Uncle Marvin and I'm pretty sure I dont' know any Meardons. That's because in English his name sounds a little different. Have you heard of Merlin? Merlin. King Arthur and the knights of the round table, Merlin. Yes Was an Ancient. I think so. See? That is what I'm talking about! Arthur was then carried off in a barge by Merlin, saying that he was heading for the veil of Avalon, which according to legend was a magical place where the dead would meet. Now at the time, some said Arthur never actually died, but would in fact, one day return. From what we know about the Ancients, it's possible that Avalon was actually a place where Merlin helped Arthur, a mortal, ascend. Are not the Ancients prevented from interfering with the existence of mortals. Ascended Ancients, yes, for the most part. But it's possible, Merlin was not actually ascended himself, but was in fact just a human, far along the evolutionary path. What does this have to do with where this alleged treasure is buried? Well there are a number of conflicting interpretations, but certain threads point to the knights of the round table, gathering great treasure from the far corners of Arthurs domain an hiding them in a magical stronghold at Avalon. Including the holy grail. According to some. So this grail? What's that worth? What? In 1191, the monks at Glastonbury Abbey, claimed to have found the grave of King Arthur. On the burial was an inlaid cross with the inscription... Here lies the famous King Arthur, buried on the isle of Avalon. The claim was not taken seriously until 1278 when Henry 2nd ordered the grave to be exhumed. Now Glastonbury, a small town about 125 miles from the West of London, has been a pilgrimage for believers since. Yes, yes, and the point is? Certain Celtic legend say's that Glastonbury Tor, the hill overlooking the town, is actually hollow and that contained within it is the entrance to the underworld, Avalon. Has no-one ever done any sort of geological survey. There have been several scientific studies, apparently... - Jackson! I'm, I'm, I'm... - We're talking about the Ancients here, Sir! It's very possible that the underground entrance was concealed with some sort of technology. Sir, we're hoping to use the Asgard sensors aboard the Prometheus, to find something we haven't been able to see before. Thank you. Well, two years ago I wouldn't have believed we'd find an Ancient Outpost under a mile of ice in Antarctica. I'll call the President. I'm sure he'll want to inform the British Prime Minister. That was fantastic. You talk to Carter yet? Uh, yeah, she can't make it. What? This is huge. We could be on the brink of another major discovery of Ancient technology here. Yeah, I'm sure she'll be interested in whatever we find. Try playing hard to get. Man look who's talking. So what do you reckon the range of this thing is. Well, Dr Lee seems to think we need to sink about a hundred feet or so. About half an hour inside that boundary, we'll begin to feel the effects. You know, if we do find something? I'm thinking maybe Teal'c and I should check it out. Uh, I missed the Daedalus because of this. If we find the secret Ancient base, I'm going. That means we've got to take her with us. Good point. Look, I want you there. You know that. I'm just thinking we can stay in radio contact. Lt-Colonel Mitchell please report to auxiliary control room two.</i> - Now this brings back memories. - How's that? - Is this where I beat you up? - No. No, I'm pretty sure that's right there as well I crushed your... Alright! Excuse me kids. Marks, what you got? Well, thanks to the Asgard sensors, we were able to map around the energy distortion that would have normally fooled deep ground sonar. I was able to define a large main cavern, a network of tunnels and some smaller caves. Well done Lt. Can you see what's in there? Say, large piles of precious metals? Like I said. We could only map the exterior of the structure. Can you get us in there? Well, it's almost a half mile underground and there's no visible access from the surface. Asgard beams. Tried that. Doesn't seem to penetrate whatever sort of energy shield is disguising the caves. Rings. The Ancients were the gatebuilders, right? And they invented the rings, too. They had to get in and out of there somehow, and I know this ship has rings... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good times, good times. She's right though. If there are rings down there, we should be able to lock on. But your radios won't work. Looks like we're all going. You'll be on your own. Ladies first. Well then after you. Come on! This is fun, right? Wicked! And empty! Well, I haven't been this disappointed since Daniel and I had sex. A sword in a stone... What's that supposed to mean? Well, King Arthur once pulled a sword from a stone as proof of his righteousness and loyalty. Excalibur. Actually that's a common misconception. See, Excalibur was forged by the lady of the lake at Avalon, but wasn't given to King Arthur until after the sword pulled from the stone, broke in battle. Give it a try muscles. I'll give you half. Yeah, it's in there pretty good. Welcome you knights of the round table. Men of honour. Followers of the path of righteousness. Only those with wealth of knowledge and truthful spirit, shall be given access to the underworld. The storehouse of riches of Ambrosius Orelanus. Prove ye worthy and all shall be revealed. That's incredible. Certain scholars have speculated that Ambrosius and Arthur were one and the same, but that would have made him 74 years old at the battle of Battle of Mount Badon. It's actually quite fascinating, you see Ambrosius was the son of the Emperor Constantine... Yes, yes, yes. Fascinating is the one thing it's not. How do we prove ye worthy and get all to be revealed? I have no idea, but something tells me truth of spirit might be a problem for you. You know nothing about me! Except that everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie. Don't make me separate you two. Perhaps there is something in these tunnels. See? That is why he's here. Genius. We're gonna split up. I'm with Teal'c. Yo! Wait up! I guess it would have been too easy for them to just leave that stuff laying out in the open. Maybe it's just me, but I'm digging this rapport we've got going between the two of us. You should give me a weapon. No. Could be some sort of icky creature down here, left behind to protect the treasure. For hundreds of years? Some sort of stasis or hibernation. What if it senses our presence and awakens hungry for human flesh. - That isn't quite the Ancients style. - Still. I'm sure, if there is a monster down here, it's going to be much more scared of you than you are of it. Especially once it gets to know you. Check this out. Okay, that can't be good. Jackson come in. Jackson do you hear me? If you immediately know the candlelight is fire. Nothing. OK, the hologram said that only those with a wealth of knowledge and truth of spirit will pass. This has to be a test. What does it say? It says "The universe is infinite". That seems infinitely not useful. How about this one? "The treasure is in this pot". Really? I was hoping for something a little more substantial, but ok. No, wait, wait, wait!! - Too obvious? - Give me a minute. Not a minute... Still not a minute. Alright. I am assuming this is some kind of puzzle. Can you read this writing? No. Well I think we're supposed to arrange the stones into some sort of order. What do you think? Bullets bounce! Okay, how about this? We open both of them and whichever one the treasure is in is the right one. No, I think that's the wrong idea. There's two pots here. I think the point of the excercise is to only open one pot. This says "Treasure is inside". Right. That makes it the obvious first choice. - So over to the gold? - No. - Back to the silver then! - No, no, no!! It's empty. There's nothing I hate more than a bald faced lie. Would you stop!! What? We're already trapped in here. How much worse could it get? How about that much? I knew it was a mistake, the moment I said it. The moment. Okay, that didn't work. Indeed. Oh come on! - This one's empty too. - I know! - That doesn't make sense. - I know! Colonel Mitchell! Two down and only a billion possible combinations to go. Are you still having fun, Colonel Mitchell? - So what do we do? - I don't know! You don't know?