- This is insane - Soren's forces are moving in on this facility. I can get you to the Stargate, but we have to go now. I'm not blind Leda. I know that you and Daniel have grown close during his convalescence. Jared, it's not what you think. I've seen entire planets wiped out because they refused to follow the Ori. If a Prior visits your world... leave. - What's up? - Incoming wormhole from Tegalus. A Jared Kane is requesting to be let through. Says he needs to speak to you, and it's urgent. On radio. Jared, this is Daniel. What's wrong? Dr. Jackson, I have very little time. I've gained access to the Stargate without my government's authorization.</i> Please allow me to come through. I am alone and unarmed.</i> Open the iris. Okay, Jared, it's safe to come through. Stand down. - Dr. Jackson... - Jared, this is Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell. Tegalus... post-apocalyptic warring superpowers with deep-seated political difference, that Jared Kane. It's nice to meet you. Your government stopped responding to our communiques months ago. We'd assumed that you... Completely destroyed each other? Not quite yet. I was going to say no longer wanted our help, but that'll do. No, the Rand Protectorate is still struggling to rebuild and defend itself from the Caledonian Federation. Okay, what's so urgent? Five months ago, a man came through the Stargate. - He called himself a Prior of the Ori. - Here we go. Yes, we're aware of the Priors and what they're preaching. The Prior wasn't just offering us religion. He offered us power. In exchange for our embracing the Ori, he gave our government designs for a weapon that could be launched into orbit, a satellite capable of giving us total domination over the Caledonians. Okay, assuming your people intend on building this weapon, how long before it's completed? 24 hours ago, a Caledonian military outpost was completely vaporized in a demonstration. The weapon is already operational. Season 9 - Episode 15 Ethon How long until your government makes its next move? Our President has given their leader, Minister Chaska, a deadline of five days. After that, if the Caledonians don't surrender to Rand occupation, they'll be destroyed. And the Prior instructed you to do this? Rand has been in disarray since the missile attacks last year. Intelligence reports were filtering in that said the Caledonians were preparing a full-scale ground assault. They were going to invade and attempt to topple what was left of Rand once and for all. Caledonia wasn't interested in hearing from this Prior? The Prior asked our leaders if he could spread his word to the Caledonians as well. Of course they would never accept anything that Rand was already embracing. President Nadal explained that to the Prior. He said anyone who didn't accept Origin must be destroyed. Man, these guys got a bottomless bag of tricks, don't they? I'm guessing it was also the Prior that convinced your people that having a relationship with us was no longer necessary. It was already clear your government wasn't going to offer us the type of weapons and technology this Prior was offering us. You see... we weren't just on the verge of suffering defeat at the hands of the Caledonians.</i> We were on the verge of collapsing as a nation, but now, after what you've told me of these Ori and the Priors, I fear that may have been a better way to go. We appreciate your situation, but - what exactly do you want from us? - These are the earliest schematics for the weapon. Unfortunately, they're not complete. The Prior gave us step-by-step instructions in stages. Making sure he kept you under his thumb. He said it was so he could make sure each stage was completed properly before we moved on to the next. It's the best I could do under the circumstances. Access became restricted soon after some of us in government voiced our disapproval about building the weapon. You wish us to destroy the weapon. It's the only chance we have to stop things before they go too far. Just to be clear... you're doing this to save Caledonians? You don't hate them for bombing your country and killing so many of your people? I do, but I refuse to see any more lives, be they Rand or Caledonian, senselessly lost due to archaic prejudices or religious extremism. - This has to stop. - Would you excuse us for a moment? - What are we doing? - Talking privately. I'm sure general Landry won't mind. You want the big chair? Not me. I'll sit here. Sam, he's in Washington. Yeah. Right. Let me just start this by saying a lot of this is actually our fault.</i> There wouldn't have been a war on Tegalus if we hadn't gone there in the first place. General O'Neill probably said it best. "The minute we step through the Gates, we're sticking our collective noses where they don't belong". We did offer to help them rebuild. - An offer they eventually declined. - Because they were being influenced by a Prior. And this satellite thing takes it to a whole new level. The Ori are now arming their followers. Who says they won't eventually help them build ships capable of attacking other planets? We need to nip this trend squarely in the bud. So, what, we just fly in there and blow it up? Yeah. Unless you have a better idea. All Tegalans, both Rand and Caledonian alike, deserve to know the truth. If we tell them what we know, who the Ori really are, they might be convinced to dismantle this weapon themselves. You think they'll listen? Let's just propose it to Kane, and see if Rand will hear us out. So can we can use these plans to build ourselves a satellite weapon?</i> Hey, you've got to ask. These plans are incomplete. I mean, it's not even clear what's powering the weapon. - Kane did say they were early schematics. - So, not useful?</i> Well, enough to see that it's not very efficient. For example...</i> these capacitors take several minutes to store enough power to fire the weapon</i> and then again before it can repeat. Wow, you'd think an... Ori weapon would be more advanced. The Ori may have designed it for them, but Rand still had to build it using the resources and technology at their disposal. Now, remember that it wouldn't take much by our standards to give Rand vast military superiority over Caledonia. Then it can be easily destroyed. If these plans are an accurate indication. Right. So we'll take Prometheus for this. Shouldn't be a problem. The satellite appears to be a predominantly offensive weapon. - No defenses? - Well, it stands to reason. Rand knows that Caledonia has nothing even close to capable of reaching orbit. Although, there do appear to be sensors built into the targeting system, so our approach may be detected. The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology. Exactly. Now, as I said, even if they do see us coming, the weapon will take a few minutes to charge up. We should be able to emerge from hyperspace and take a shot at it before it can respond. If, for any reason, it doesn't go well, we jump back into hyperspace. Anything yet? Give them some time. They seemed shocked that you were here. I'm sure they were. You don't think they'll listen to us? Our people suffered greatly after the war. They needed to believe there was a reason for what was happening to them. And the Prior provided that. He said our suffering was a test to see who was worthy. Well, if it makes you feel any better, your planet's not alone. Kane, I have to ask. Leda? Five months ago, while Rand was deciding whether to accept Origin or not, a disease swept through the country. Thousands became deathly ill. The Prior said those who believed and embraced the Ori would be cured. That's when people everywhere began accepting them as gods. We watched... so many barter away their beliefs in exchange for their lives. But, Leda... she... she refused to accept it. I am sorry. Dr. Jackson. We just received a communique from the Rand government. They want to talk. This isn't exactly what I had in mind. What happens if your people don't hear from us? I told them to proceed with destroying the weapon. President Nadal. Senator Kane. This is Dr. Daniel Jackson. I know who he is. I'm here representing Earth on a diplomatic mission. I am here to officially inform you, Jared Kane, you are under arrest for treason. Excuse me? You allowed us to come here under false pretenses? Dr. Daniel Jackson, your government has knowingly harbored a felon. As well, it seems they are in possession of top-secret documents vital to the security of this country. As of now, you are both considered enemies of the state and will be detained until trial can be set. Approaching the planet, Sir. Prepare to lock on Dr. Jackson's locator beacon the moment we drop out of hyperspace. Yes, Sir. I guess I can assume that any kind of trial will be rigged? Honestly, we'll be lucky to get that far. President Nadal has been paranoid about Caledonian spies for some time now. Because I betrayed him this way, he... may assume I'm also part of that network. Great. I don't suppose your country has any laws against torture? No. - I applaud your courage, Kane. - Commander Pernaux,</i> - Dr. Jackson. Dr. Jackson... - Yeah, I got it. What I don't understand is why you came back. Dr. Jackson and I thought there were some things the Rand people needed to know. The only thing I need to know are the names of those among us who are working for the Caledonians. Just because I went to Earth for help doesn't mean I've also given information to the Caledonians or know who might have. Earth is responsible for our current state of affairs. Turning to them is an act of a desperate man, Kane. Kane turned to us in the hopes of preventing you from making a catastrophic mistake. The Priors are not telling you everything about the Ori. You need to hear me out before you use that weapon to wipe out the Caledonians. So you admit, you sympathize with Caledonia? That's not what he's saying. How the next few days unfold is entirely up to you. But until I find out who else is working with you, I guarantee neither of you will know a moment's peace. - I have a signal from Dr. Jackson's locator beacon. - Beam him directly onto the bridge. I take it this means things aren't going so well. Coupled with the fact that we haven't heard from him since he left two days ago... - We have located the satellite. - Lock on target.</i> This will be perceived as an act of aggression against Rand. We could be risking any chance of negotiating for Daniel's safe return. Commander. Mr. President. The satellite's sensors have detected a ship closing on its position. - Target has been acquired, Sir. - We've got the satellite dead to rights.</i> We can hail them and ask for Dr. Jackson in exchange. That would not accomplish the goal of this mission. Jackson knew it might come to this. He told us to proceed no matter what. He wouldn't want us to trade his life for thousands, possibly millions of Caledonians. Well, it's your call, colonels. All I'm asking is that you make up your mind quickly. Sir, we're detecting a power buildup from within the satellite. Its attitude is changing. - We're being targeted. - Sound general quarters. Full power to forward shield generators and maintain course and speed. - Do it. - Fire! Firing missiles. Missiles detonated prior to impact. Target remains intact, Sir. It looks like it's being protected by a shield. Defensive capabilities must have been added. Okay... now what? Shields are holding. Recommend firing a warning shot. We have been attacked, Commander. We must respond in kind. Target the ship. The Earth vessel has been targeted. Weapon's primed and ready. Fire. Evasive maneuvers, full military thrust. - Return fire with forward rail guns. - Sub light engines aren't responding.</i> Weapons are down! We've lost hull integrity and life support on decks 3 through 7. Seal them off! - That blast cut through our shields at full strength. - I know, I don't understand how. - Sensors detect that the weapon is recharging! - We've only got minutes. - Hyperdrive status? - Hyperdrive is offline. Hull integrity is too unstable. Medical teams reporting four casualties, eight crew members still unaccounted for. That thing can only fire at one target at a time. Go. Scramble Blue Squadron. We'll see if we can do some damage in close. Go, go! Tracking multiple smaller ships attacking the satellite. The shield is holding. By the grace of the gods. Thirty seconds till weapon is primed and ready. Target the large vessel again. It's no use, Blue Leader. We're not getting through.</i> Keep at it, boys. Lieutenant, I need sublight engines now. I'm trying, Sir. Auxiliary systems aren't kicking in. - They can't. The two main power relays have been damaged. - Can it be repaired? We need to re-route power through the bypass conduits. Here. We should get limited sublight capability back. Marks, you're with colonel Carter. Go. We need to get up two levels. Captain! The elevator's not safe! Right... sorry... I don't know what I was thinking. Shields? Forward shields at 40%. Divert all shield power to forward generators. Sir, sensors indicate that the weapon is reaching maximum power. All hands, brace for impact! This damn thing's shield is not weakening. I got you. - Are you alright? - My arm... Bridge, this is Carter. Can you beam us up to auxiliary control room two? Negative, Colonel, control room no longer has life support. The large vessel appears to be disabled. Shall I broadcast a call for surrender? The book of Origin tells us that enemies of the Ori show no mercy in their attempts to draw us away from the path. We must face this attack with all the strength we have been given. Finish them. Prometheus, this is Blue Leader. Request status report. Not too good right now, Blue Leader. Can we assist? Negative, Blue Leader, negative. Docking bays are too unstable for safe return. Stand by for orders. Roger that. Bridge, this is Carter. We need deck 15 unsealed.</i> Unseal it, if you can. If the aft power control panel is still intact, we should be able to rig the naquadah generator and re-route power to sublight propulsion. You've got about two minutes, Colonel. It's not enough time, Sir. - Open a channel, broadcast on all frequencies. - Yes, Sir. This is Colonel Lionel Pendergast of the Earth Vessel Prometheus calling the Rand Protectorate. Your attack on our vessel has severely damaged our engines and rendered our weapons systems inoperable. We are willing negotiate the terms of our surrender. Rand Protectorate, this is the Earth vessel Prometheus. We wish to negotiate our surrender. Repeat, we wish to negotiate our surrender.</i> - Okay, fire it up. - Don't we need to test the power flow? - No time. - But... I know! Do it. Alright, this is useless. Blue Squadron, this is Blue Leader. Break off the attack and scramble formation between the Prometheus and the weapon. Maybe one of us will get lucky and take a portion of the next shot.</i> I would not consider that lucky, Colonel Mitchell. Well, it could be for anybody aboard Prometheus. This is President Nadal of the Rand Protectorate addressing the Earth vessel.</i> Please explain your brazen act of aggression against our nation.</i> Our actions have been misconstrued as hostile. We are here to investigate why an emissary we sent to your planet, Dr. Daniel Jackson, has ceased all communications with us.</i> And yet your first act upon entering our planet's space was to fire on our defense satellite. But we detected that your satellite was powering up and aiming at us, which we took to be the first act of aggression. We merely responded in kind. Now... we are no longer a threat to you. I have people aboard this vessel who are in need of medical attention, and I am venting atmosphere.</i> Please, consider our request for surrender. Keep your fingers crossed. Your planet sent this ship to attack us. I have no desire to take more lives.</i> You tell us what we want to know, I will accept their surrender. Who else was involved in this attack? What other actions are the Caledonians planning? We're not spies. I came here to convince your people to dismantle this weapon yourselves before any of this became necessary. Why would we do that? I have tried to explain. Who helped you gain access to the Stargate? I acted alone. You are lying. You are part of a spy network helping to supply the Caledonians with classified information. Did you ever think that maybe the Caledonians are being leaked information - because not everyone in your country agrees with what you're doing? - The weapon is charged.</i> Wait! Please. Just listen to me before you go murdering defenseless people. We are the ones defending ourselves. Your ship attacked us. Sensors detect the weapon is fully charged. - Colonel Carter, I need good news now. - A couple of more minutes.</i> We don't have it, Sam. I'm sorry. It's over. Give me as much power as you can. Re-route it from the shields and get me all functioning internal Asgard beam sensors back online. - Sir? - We're abandoning ship.</i> Begin the evacuation orders. I want all personnel to beam down to the planet's surface. Find me a nice open field anywhere in Caledonia. Yes, Sir. And broadcast the locations of all the active sensor sites. This is the Prometheus to all F-302's. We have begun our evacuation. I advise you to get clear of the ship and meet us at the rendezvous coordinates on the planet.</i> Affirmative, Prometheus. I'll handle the final transport commands. Everyone else is to report to the nearest beam-out site. Let's go, people! That's an order. Move! - Sir, I... - Get out of here. Get out of here! Go. If I don't finish tying this in, we'll run out of power before everyone can be beamed off. Go. We must not fail the gods. We must embrace our destiny. - Fire the weapon. - Wait! - No! Ah hell... The Earth vessel has been destroyed. The loss of your people is regrettable, but your planet and the Caledonians must know our resolve.</i> You know full well the Caledonians would rather sacrifice themselves than submit.</i> You'll be forced to commit genocide and destroy them. A year ago, they launched a first strike against us. They obviously had no problem with doing the same. When does it stop? When do we stop killing each other over wars started by our fathers and their fathers before them? This is no longer about Rand or Caledonia. It is. We need to set aside our differences and fight the threat of the Ori together. Goran, how long have we known each other? Please... believe what Dr. Jackson has told you about them. With my own eyes, I saw the Prior bring the satellite to life merely by touching it with his staff. Neither Rand nor Caledonia have the technology capable of resisting such power. What choice do we have? Look... I can't make you any promises, but we have already developed a machine that neutralizes the Priors' powers. Now, as far as we know, they've only been able to travel within our galaxy by use of the Stargate, and you can either bury your Gate, or we can teach you to build an iris system like ours. Nadal has lost all sense of reason. The book of Origin is just one big lie meant to seduce us into meaningless worship. The Ori just want to use us, and killing in their name is not self-defense. It's murder. We were monitoring the entire exchange. To our knowledge, 76 crew were recovered in Caledonian territory. There were over 115 people aboard that ship. Do you have any sort of a manifest, a list of names we can compare to those recovered? Not on me, no. So where are our people? The transport arrived moments ago. Teal'c, Cameron. Sam! You are a sight for sore eyes. It is good to see you alive, Colonel Carter. We feared the worst. Where's Pendergast? He wasn't with us. Our security forces did extensive sweeps of the area where you appeared.</i> No other survivors were found. This is Minister Chaska, leader of the Caledonian Federation. I am thankful you survived such a tragic event, Colonel. I hope we can offer you and your crew some comfort here. She's pretty much up to speed on what's going on. We were, of course, praying for your success, but with the destruction of your vessel, I fear that any hope for a peaceful solution to this crisis has been lost. And you will not surrender? Our people would rather die than live under Rand rule. We will retaliate against any attack with the full forces at our disposal. Any word? Nothing. The Rand government continues to deny any knowledge of Daniel Jackson's existence. Our contacts tell us he was seen alive in the Rand command bunker during the exchange with your ship. He has not been seen since. Any progress here? Well, these satellite schematics are far more detailed than the ones Kane provided. As we saw firsthand, shields were added late in the design process. I'm still not sure what's powering it or how it was able to penetrate our Asgard design shields, but there is one bit of good news. According to this, all commands for the satellite originate from Rand's main control facility, and maintaining a shield around the satellite is a huge power drain, so it's only activated when a threat is detected. Are you saying the Prometheus was destroyed because we hesitated to fire when we dropped out of hyperspace? We hesitated out of concern for the safe return of Daniel Jackson. We also hesitated to leave once our weapons were ineffective. However, it seems that you are saying if we were to destroy the Rand control facility, the weapon itself would become vulnerable to attack. Then we could take a 302 back up there and finish the job. No, the Rand facility is part of an underground bunker complex that was strong enough to survive our last missile attack. Since then, Rand has developed an early-warning radar system and anti-missile defenses. Wait up. What about sabotage? You said you had people on the inside. Our agents have already made several attempts. Security is too tight for them to mount any sort of effective strike. Actually, we don't have to hit the bunker itself to knock out satellite control. If we can sever the link between the facility and the weapon, even temporarily... You're talking about an E.M. Pulse. Even a small one detonated in the atmosphere above the facility should interfere with their ability to control the satellite. E.M. Pulse? It would disable their electronic devices. They'd be totally blind. For a short time. You possess such technology? You wouldn't have suggested it if you didn't have something in mind. Well, like most discoveries, it was a bit of an accident. After the battle with Anubis' fleet over Antarctica, small random E.M. fields were detected by Prometheus during the cleanup. It took us a while to figure out. Are you going to tell me that an F-302 gives off an E.M. Pulse when it blows up? It was one of the things I was working on at area 51. We think it has something to do with a concussive force</i> interfering with the artificial gravity field generated by the inertial dampeners. So how do we remote-fly a 302 over there and blow it up? We don't have to. All we have to do is harvest the inertial dampener and rig it to one of the Caledonian missiles. What about their anti-missile defenses? We can use that same 302's radar-jamming technology to make your missile invisible to Rand. Still, if this does not work as you are planning, it will be seen as an offensive against Rand. President Nadal will surely respond by stepping up the deadline for our surrender, and he'll use the satellite weapon against us. This will work. I don't know what to say... how to take it all back. I shouldn't have come to you. Look, right now, I just have to believe there are survivors. You think that's really possible? The Prometheus has beaming technology. Had... beaming technology, whatever that is. Look, the bottom line is, we can't lose focus of why we came back here in the first place. There has to be a way out of this and I got the feeling Pernaux was listening to us. Daniel... I know the history between Caledonia and Rand makes things seem impossible, but sometimes, an outside perspective helps. In the past, I've found the key to these types of disputes is to... to get both parties on equal footing, just to get the process of talking with each other going again. Do you ever give up? Not until I'm dead. And sometimes, not even then. Intelligence is reporting visual confirmation of a missile launch from Caledonia. Early-warning systems detect no missile entering our airspace. - One missile? - So it seems. Possibly a test, then? They are not going to surrender. They are preparing to launch a preemptive first strike given the Earth attack on the satellite has failed. You don't know that. They still have two days until the deadline. Get me Minister Chaska. President Nadal is on line for you, Ma'am. Doesn't look like they've employed countermeasures. The radar jamming is working. The timing is too coincidental. I suspect he has spies who witnessed the launch. You need to stall, or else they'll activate the satellite shield out of sheer paranoia. Patch him through. President Nadal, this is Minister Chaska. Mr. President, if you are calling about the recent missile launch, please forgive me. I should have called you immediately. The launch was entirely accidental. It seems there was some confusion when new launch protocol codes were distributed recently.</i> Obviously, the payload was detonated as soon as we realized what had happened.</i> Needless to say, everyone here is a little on edge as of late, but, thankfully, we have ample precautions in place to prevent such an occurrence from being a serious threat. Indeed. Minister Chaska, while your military's incompetence does concern me, the reason I am calling</i> is to discuss the impending deadline. I see. Our government is still in the process of debating its options. As promised, we will give you an answer by the designated deadline.</i> I am sorry the decision has not been easier for you. We shall talk again soon. Air command, this is Blue Leader. We are wheels up. Roger that. Package is on its way.</i> We are 30 seconds from detonation over target. Nice job. He didn't believe a word of it. We're getting a report from coastal monitoring base four. May be visual of an incoming missile. Why isn't it showing up on our radar? Sir, satellite sensors are detecting a single small ship on approach. Possibly one of the Earth fighters that landed in Caledonia. Activate the missile shields. What just happened? I don't know. We've lost power. All systems are down. Backup power is supposed to be isolated. The systems that activate it are down. We can't control the satellite. Get it back! Get me a radio and a phone in here that works. Blue Leader, this is base. The package has been delivered. Window of opportunity is now open. Roger that. We have cleared the atmosphere. Two minutes from weapons range.</i> The blast did no apparent damage beyond the power outage,</i> which seems to be limited to the area immediately around the command facility.</i> To our knowledge, the Caledonians do not possess the level of technology required to do this. Such a weapon could only have been given to them by your people. I hope so. How do we undo this? You tell me now, or I'll have you executed! Based on its speed and trajectory, the Earth ship will reach the satellite in less than one minute. Do you think if the Ori were true gods, they would allow the Caledonians to do this? Look, I understand your fear of the Prior and why you feel you have no choice, but there is another way out of this. What would you have me do? Let me use the radio. I can contact the ship that's about to destroy the satellite and get them to call it off. Why would you do this? Because I still believe a peaceful compromise can be reached out of all this. I'm listening. This is Daniel Jackson. Come in, please. Whoever's flying the 302, if you can hear me, please respond.</i> This is Daniel Jackson. Come in, please. Jackson, go ahead. Mitchell? Yeah. You okay? For the moment. You? Well, all things considered... Listen, me and Teal'c are getting ready to bag ourselves an evil Ori satellite. Yeah, so glad I caught you. Listen, the Rand want to offer the Caledonians a deal. Really? May I? Please. Daniel, this is Sam. Hey, Sam, good to hear your voice. Yours too. I'm here with Minister Chaska of the Caledonian Federation. We'd like to know what Rand is offering. In exchange for leaving the satellite intact, Rand is offering Caledonia the Stargate. Rand is offering the Gate and a limited cease-fire, so all those from Caledonia who do not want to follow Origin and wish to seek refuge on another planet may do so.</i> They want us to leave our home... our planet. Jackson, are you sure about this? I've got a clean shot at this thing, and I am in favor of taking it.</i> Listen, the Rand built that satellite in less than a year,</i> and I can tell you their resolve is... pretty steady. If we blow this one up, they're just going to build another,</i> and as far as the Caledonians go, well... Sam, you'll just have to explain to them that the Priors may not give them much choice,</i> regardless of what Rand decides to do. I've seen the Priors wipe out entire planets for refusing to follow the Ori. You will not fight them with us? Well, we would try, but, honestly, there's only so much we can do. Will the Prior not follow us wherever we go? Maybe, but for now... Look, this offer's not going to be on the table long, and</i> I realize there's a lot to be worked out, but at least it's a start. At the very least, the Rand now believe that you have the ability to disable the satellite whenever you want. Which they will surely counter in time. Tell colonel Mitchell to call it off. Blue Leader, this is Carter. Minister Chaska is requesting that you stand down. Alright, Jackson, but you folks had better be damn sure about this. Backup power is online. Satellite control has been re-established. Sensors detect the Earth ship is veering away from the target. Activate the shields. The ship is no longer a threat. Power the weapon. What? Target the Caledonian capital building. Sir, perhaps we should take a moment... You will abide by my authority. - Power the weapon now! - Powering the weapon.</i> Our sensors detect the weapon's shields have become active. Jackson, what's going on down there? The satellite is powering up its weapon and targeting the planet. We had a deal. President Nadal, explain your actions immediately. President Nadal! You gave your word! I gave my soul to the Ori who offered us all salvation. Anyone who rejects that is a fool! They are all Caledonians, for God's sake! They all deserved to die long before the Prior showed us the path to enlightenment. Shut down the satellite. Don't listen to him. Now! Arrest the commander. Stand down! I won't let you do this, Nadal. Do as I say! Put your weapons down! Now! Get a medical unit in here. Go! Go! Shut down the satellite. He's dead. You heard him the President is dead. Commander Pernaux is next in command. - He's also the one who killed the President. - The President violated an international treaty. You want to be the one responsible for destroying a city full of people when this goes to tribunal? Shut it down now! Hang on. Help is coming. The deal... will stand. Hey. Haven't seen you since the memorial service. Yeah. It was a rough day. So, where have you been? I... hand-delivered Landry's letter to colonel Pendergast's wife and kids. They need to know that he died saving his crew... that his death mattered. Well, 76 people survived. That's a testament to his leadership. And yours. We never would've got off that planet if you hadn't brokered the deal. So, I take it, then, you haven't heard. Heard what? Soon after we left, the talks broke down. And? And we've been unable to make contact with them. General Landry had the Daedalus re-route on its way back from Atlantis. It seems the Caledonians weren't content to just leave their fair planet. They launched an attack. And Rand responded.