out amongst the stars. Everything Origins followers devote themselves to is a lie. - Whose baby is it? - I don't know. PRIOR: The child is the will of the Ori. VALA: The ships are planning to leave. Somewhere out there, the Ori have a working supergate. CARTER: We've managed to locate the dialing control crystals on one particular section of the gate. We dial out before they can dial in. Something's happening. Oh, my God. I didn't think you were that stupid. I have come to seek the assistance of the Lucian Alliance. All batteries, open fire. (VALA GRUNTING) Almost now. Keep pushing. I am pushing, you... (GRUNTS) (BABY CRYING) Is it all right? She's beautiful. She? She! Wait. Where are you going? I want to see. (SPEAKING ALIEN LANGUAGE) No, I... I... Can I hold her? She's my baby. After all I've just been through, I want to hold her. She belongs to all who follow the path. (SPEAKING ALIEN LANGUAGE) What is it, Tomin? From one, all will learn. She is Orici. PRIOR: Such is her purpose. In this vast expanse that is sheltered by evil and led astray, she will be the beacon of light in the darkness to the warriors of the Ori and to all who follow the true path to salvation. With the wisdom of the ages, she will lead us to glorious victory over any and all unbelievers. This is Lieutenant Colonel Carter. Come in, please. Can anyone hear me? Please respond. If anyone can hear me, this is Lieutenant Colonel Carter. Please respond. (ON RADIO) This is Lieutenant Colonel Carter. I am in a space suit drifting free approximately 2,000 feet off the front right position on the supergate. Sam? (RADIO STATIC) Sam, it's me, Mitchell. Can you hear me? I can't tell you how good it is to hear your voice. Yeah, you, too. I saw the <i>Korolev</i> explode. (MEN SHOUTING) (SCREAMING) I must have lost consciousness. Daniel? Still on board, I think. What happened to the Ori ships? They left here approximately four-and-a-half hours ago. This is Colonel Emerson aboard the Odyssey. Colonel Mitchell, is that you? Yes, sir. Thank God. This is Carter. Are you in range to beam me back aboard? I'm afraid that we haven't got beaming capability at this time. Kvasir's working on it. Where were you? I'm sorry. We were out of touch there for a while. We lost all communications in the battle. We got our sublight back online and then tracked the Ori safely from a distance using our long-range sensors till they jumped into hyperspace about an hour ago. We're still just getting back our basic operating systems. Look, I hate to be self-centered here, especially given what's just happened, but I've only got a couple of hours of life support left here. EMERSON: I'm aware of your situation, Colonel. I'll keep you apprised. Request permission to come on board, sir. Permission granted. Left docking bay is out of commission, Colonel. Got it. - Receiving hail. - On screen. - Colonel Emerson. - Teal'c, it's good to see you're okay. - Colonel Emerson. - Teal'c, it's good to see you're okay. You as well. This vessel has sustained substantial damage. It has taken some time to get primary systems back online. We've been receiving several distress beacons from damaged ships. We've been able to ring aboard a few survivors, but our life support is already over-taxed. Any chance you can take on a few people? I'll take that as a no. How are the shields and hyperdrive coming? We have 20% power to shields. Kvasir's concentrating on the Asgard beam technology. - Hyperdrive is still offline. - How about some good news? Anything? - Colonel Mitchell has landed safely. - Thank you. Keep a channel open to that mothership. Try to reach Teal'c. Take him to a cell. EMERSON: Why would the first wave just leave us behind? They had to know there were survivors. They need witnesses. Their goal is not to kill us all. It's to convert us. Their wish is to go forth and tell everybody about how they kicked our asses. That they did. How's Kvasir coming with that Asgard beam? Kvasir, this is Emerson. Please report. Due to the damage, I am rewriting the control code from the beginning, and it would be going much faster were I not constantly interrupted. He's working as fast as he can. Any of the <i>Korolev</i> crew beam over before the ship was lost? A half-dozen. Not Dr. Jackson. We located the data recorder, and we're working on retrieving it. Word from Teal'c? Briefly, but then we lost the signal. He seems to be in a bit of a scuffle over control of the ship. MARKS ON RADIO: Colonel Emerson to the bridge. What is it, Major? We've re-established contact with the Lucian Alliance mothership, sir. They're asking to speak with you. I'm on my way. Is Earth aware of our situation? Our only long-range array that wasn't fried was sensors. Subspace communication is beyond repair. Still, they've got to know something's wrong. We've missed two scheduled check-ins. So there's no help. No. Unfortunately, there's nothing they can do. The <i>Korolev</i> and the <i>Odyssey</i> are our only two ships in the galaxy. How long can we go on current life support? A day, maybe less. That's only if we don't take on more survivors. - Great. - Yeah. MARKS: Channel is open, sir. This is Colonel Emerson of the Earth ship <i>Odyssey.</i> I am Netan, leader of the Lucian Alliance. You will surrender your ship to our control immediately. Do you want me to take this one, sir? Go ahead. Hey there. Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell here. Look, we were all in this fight together, weren't we? This is not how allies are supposed to treat each other. Granted, we got our butts kicked, but we still need each other if we're gonna survive. Our sensors detect your shields at minimum. If you do not capitulate immediately, we will open fire. You'd be destroying the only other ship out here with life-support capabilities. You dragged us into this battle knowing it would deplete our forces, - I suspect intentionally. - That's not true. We all lost, badly. Why don't you tell us your situation? Maybe we can work something out. The situation is you will surrender or be destroyed. (WHISPERS) What sort of ordnance do we have on board? Not much. And he's right about our shields. We're sitting ducks. (DOOR OPENS) How are you feeling? Look, they can't keep her from me. No matter who or what she is, I'm her mother. - She needs to be fed and cared for. - She's being well cared for. Doesn't she? I should be allowed to see her. - I spoke with the Prior. - And? They've agreed to let you see her. Hello, Mother. Odyssey, this is Carter. I don't know what you can see from your vantage point or what your sensors are picking up, but from out here, that mothership looks pretty badly damaged. I'd be surprised if they were weapons-capable. Thanks, Sam. They haven't fired yet. Take us out of weapons range. Let's see what they do. Well, I heard that children grow up quickly, but this is ridiculous. (GROANS) Well, that feels much better. Thank you. - You do not believe. - I don't know what you mean. You cannot hide your feelings from me. It's all right. I will help you find the path. - Hallowed are the Ori. - Hallowed are the Ori. - Bra'tac. What do you know? - The battle did not go well. We've lost all contact with both Earth ships. We would be lucky if either survived. Word is four Ori ships came through the chappa'ko. Supergate. They lay waste to all that stood in their path and then moved on. We need to get at least one ship out to the scene of that battle, find out exactly what happened, and if there's anybody left who needs help. Agreed. Walter, dial it up. - How's it going? - We're just about to test it. - What is that? - It was supposed to be a sandwich. Sam, I'm sorry. We're not quite ready yet. Hate to rush you. Can you fix it in time? I am unsure of where the instability is occurring. Simple answer. I will have to go through the program code again, line by line. That's a no. It's time for Plan B. If you're thinking what I think you're thinking, it won't work. Marks, do you mind? Hang on, Sam, we're coming to get you. Oh, boy. This is your fault. I have already told you all I know of the Ori. Our only hope of defeating their followers is to unite our forces and work together. You have nothing to gain by torturing me. That is where you are wrong. I am very, very angry right now, and causing you a great deal of pain will make me feel better. (TEAL'C SCREAMS) Look, the sublight engines don't have that much control. If you hit me, even at minimum velocity... I am not going to hit you. Not on purpose. Even if you get me in past the shield, the artificial gravity will kick in. A fall from even 30 feet in this suit... Sam, stop worrying. Kvasir is riding the controls manually. You're going too fast. This tub doesn't go any slower. Initializing 5% reverse thrust. Got her. Initializing 20% reverse thrust. Kvasir, take her down lightly. (DOOR ALARM BLARES) MAN ON RADIO: We have her, sir. She's okay. - Nice flying. - Yeah. Some days you get lucky. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Yeah, I was going to say "no sweat," but there was definitely sweat involved. In Kvasir's case, I think it was perspiration. - Any news on Teal'c? - No. But we have something else. We downloaded the black box data from the <i>Korolev.</i> MITCHELL: We know that six people got off using beaming technology before it went up. None of them was Jackson. However... - The rings were also activated. - You betcha. Sir, sensors are indicating a slight energy fluctuation in their shields, coinciding with their own weapon fire. Beam a nuke on board. Odyssey is reporting no success with the attempts to beam weapons on board enemy ships. What about rings? I know they use them. The matter stream might get through. How can we lock on? Just set our rings to seek out the nearest other set. It's worth a shot. Move closer. I'm on it! I want that warhead transported to the ring room now! Take us closer to the nearest enemy ship. Set it to go off five seconds after activation. You don't know where the enemy ships are, or what they're capable of? All we know is they cut through two of our 304s, an Asgard ship, and a fleet of Goa'uld motherships. They could be on their way here as we speak. We sent the best we had to stop them. The I.O.A. Is considering bringing the Atlantis ZPM to Earth for use in the Antarctic Earth defense system. Even if we had a ship, it would take a minimum of three weeks for the ZPM to get here, and there's no guarantee the Ancient weapons platform in Antarctica would be any more effective against the Ori ships than what we've already thrown at them. As usual, the I.O.A. Is wasting their breath. You know, if I had the salaries they pay those idiot blowhard politicians to put into my budget... I'm sorry. Did I say that out loud? (SIGHS) ORICl: Hello, Mother. You need not be afraid. Are you actually going to stop growing at some point? Because, well, at this rate, you're going to have a very short life. I'm glad you worry for me. - Are you feeling better? - I am. Thank you. I am very hungry. - Would you like something to eat? - Okay. You have questions. Do you have a name? - They call me Orici. - Yeah... It's not much of a name, is it? What would you like to call me? Well... I always thought that if I had a daughter, that I'd name her after my mother. She was a very strong woman. Her name was Adria. I like that. Adria. You think that by naming me, you will humanize me, make me more like you, more sympathetic to your point of view. How do you know what you know? The Ori wove their knowledge into my genetic makeup, at least as much as my human brain could hold. All their knowledge is far too much for us to possibly comprehend. The understanding of an infinite universe is obviously without boundaries. Then you're not actually one of them. I am the closest I can be in the form of flesh and blood. Isn't there a part of you that's from me? Of course. You are my mother. Exactly. And as your mother, you will listen to me, young lady. There will be no leading of these ships and armies on a mass-murdering crusade, or else. (SIGHS) It was worth a try. I know why you believe what you do, I know why you believe what you do, but the Ancients are the ones who have lied to you. They are the ones who, long ago, tried to destroy the Ori for their beliefs, not the other way around. Only the Ori share all they learn. The Ancients have kept the basic truths of your existence from you. They have hoarded their knowledge and been dishonest about everything. Contrary to what they've told you, the Ori most certainly do ascend their followers. And the Ancients are the ones sapping energy from humans in this galaxy to empower themselves. That is why they created you, to give them the strength to destroy the Ori once and for all. That is why all those who could not be made to see the true path must be destroyed or all will be lost to evil. Are you saying this is a preemptive strike? It's self-defense? It matters not what you call it. The cause is just, and the truth will see us through to victory. Do you really believe that, or are you just hoping I will? Why don't you believe me, Mother? I don't know. You choose to take the word of an Ancient over your daughter. What have the Ancients done to earn your trust? About as much as you. In the end, only you can decide the fate of your own soul. Two motherships just dropped out of hyperspace. Come about. Let's face them head-on. The Lucian Alliance ship is hailing us again. Lower your shields and prepare to be boarded, or you will be destroyed. I assure you, Captain, I am quite capable of following through this time. Shields at 30%. They won't stand up to much. Sam, we've got company. How's that hyperdrive coming? Not well. Kvasir's still working on the beam technology. Sensors indicate the motherships are powering weapons. Long story. - Are you alone? - Yes. - What happened to you? - What do you mean? Oh, I had a baby. You know, I never thought I'd agree with my father, but now, I'm starting to remember about how he used to go on about you nurture them and then you raise them, and you teach them the best that you can, and then all they do is break your hearts. I always assumed that his experience was just tainted by me. What are you talking about? Well, she started off all sweet and innocent to begin with, and now she's hell-bent on domination of the galaxy. - What? How old is she? - A few hours. The Ori used me to sneak one of their own over the border. This child is their way of cheating the ascended rulebook. Well, they couldn't exactly encroach on our galaxy themselves without getting into a confrontation with the Ancients, right? So they created their own human representative with their knowledge to lead their armies. Sort of an uber-Prior, like the Doci? Oh, but she's much worse than that. The Priors are just pawns. She knows the score. She's complicit with the Ori. You should have heard the propaganda that she just tried to feed me. Wait, wait, wait. We're talking about a baby here, right? Oh. She's been genetically altered. She'll be a fully grown figurehead in a day or so. If she takes after her mother, she'll have a pretty good figure, too. - This is bad. - You're telling me. Origin is about to become a lot more appealing to the males of this galaxy. Do you have any idea where we're going? No. That she wouldn't tell me. She knows I'm not on her side. She's still hoping I'll see the light. Part of her can't help but feel tied to me. She wanted me to give her a name. - And... - Adria. I told her it was my mother's... - Not? - Stepmother. Witch of a woman. The more I get to know you, the more I'm starting to understand. - Huh? - Nothing. - Do you know what's strange, Daniel? - No. She has the knowledge of ascended beings, twisted though it may be, but I sense that there is a part of her that is just like any other kid that wants her mother's approval. So I'm hoping I can use that somehow. I mean, why else would she care what I think? Right now, we're a little more concerned about getting off this ship. - There's only so long I can hide. - Hide! - Yeah. - Hide! (COUGHS) - (COUGHING) Hi. - What? - Hi. Long day? - Ah, I'm exhausted. I see you're up and around. (GRUNTS) Much better. Three more ships just emerged from hyperspace. - They're flanking us. - Receiving hail. On screen. - Greetings. - Bra'tac. Greetings back at you. Heads up, the Lucian Alliance is getting ready to open fire on us. I have already demanded that they stand down or face us in battle. They're firing weapons. - What the hell are they doing? - Carter, now or never. I have a lock. Bridge, we have Teal'c. Are you okay? I have been better. Medical team to Auxiliary Control Room 2. I guess we've all had enough fighting for one day. They just didn't want us to be able to salvage the ship when they turned tail and ran. After everything you've been through, after everything you've seen, how can you still not believe in the Ori? You think I don't? The Orici is a truthseer. She is a child. Little girls always have issues with their mothers. Are you saying you do believe in the Ori? Why are you here with me if you doubt my devotion? Because I love you. Because I'm still hoping I can save your soul. What? Where are you going? I'm called to duty. And here I was hoping I could save him. (SIGHS) I am glad to see you alive. It is good to be alive, old friend. We just got some bad news. The Ori ships have been located. Moments ago, they emerged from hyperspace over Chulak. Why Chulak? Perhaps because it is where the Jaffa rebellion against the Goa'uld began. No matter. We must not abandon them. Well, as soon as we get our hyperdrive back, we have to head to Earth for repairs. Someone's got to stick around, keep an eye on that supergate. We may not be able to stop the Ori ships from coming through, but we should at least know if they do. We will leave a small contingent in a cloaked scout ship behind. Can you expect backup? It is unlikely. The remaining Jaffa fleet defends Dakara. You've only got three motherships. We had a lot more than that here and we couldn't stop them. We cannot merely stand by while our brothers and sisters fall. - Sam, I'm going with them. - Me, too. It's suicide. Well, for Teal'c and Bra'tac, that's not really an argument against going. EMERSON: What about you? However remote, there is still a chance that Daniel's alive on board one of those Ori ships. - He may need our help. - You really believe that? You don't know him like we do. Good luck. Looks like a ground incursion is about to begin. We're on Chulak. With most of the warriors out there fighting Jaffa, we might be able to get off this ship undetected. We have an opportunity here. Yes. I was thinking that, but we don't know what powers that child might have. She is the key to the whole invasion. If we could somehow capture her, take her with us, turn her against the Ori, then she would become the most powerful weapon we could have against them. - That's a big if. - What have you got? - Nothing. - Worth a try, then? You're going to need a better disguise. I know where the armory is. They have stun weapons like Zat guns. I'll distract her while you sneak up and stun her. It's kind of a skeleton crew on board. How many more Jaffa do you have on the other ships? Not many. Getting the council to relinquish three Ha'tak was difficult enough. The crew I had to assemble personally. So we're outmatched in manpower, firepower and technology. Do we have any sort of battle strategy, or are we just planning on dropping out of hyperspace and getting our asses kicked again? Hey, I'm all about noble death. Pointless noble death, on the other hand... The <i>Korolev</i> log indicated that they were attempting to use the rings to get a nuke through a fluctuation in the Ori ship's shields that was coinciding with the firing of their main weapons. Great. So we'll use the other two ships to draw their fire, while we sneak around the backside and jam a big old nuke up their tailpipe. But we don't have any nukes. You have any fancy Jaffa bombs? We have explosives that should be effective. All right. As soon as we drop out of hyperspace, I'll start broadcasting on all radio channels. If Daniel's still alive, hopefully he'll get the message that we're here and he can ring aboard. There you go. Now we got a plan. You know, if she's anything like the Priors, she may have powers like them. That's why I'll go in first, try and get her back turned toward the door, so she doesn't see you coming. Now, you've learned that the Priors need to be focused in order for their powers to work, so when you hear the catchphrase, come in firing, and anyone else in the room shouldn't be a problem. Now, you're sure this thing just stuns? The staff thing kills, that's less potent, but if you shoot that at someone several times, it will probably kill. Adria? It's me. Come in, Mother. Are you all right? Why are you sitting here alone in the dark? (NERVOUS CHUCKLING) The knowledge in my mind is growing as I am. It's a lot to take in. It makes my head ache. I can imagine. Actually, no, I can't. But I'm sure it's rough. It's chasing them. Moving into flanking position. What are you doing? Looking out on Chulak. Are you interested in the planet you're conquering? Have you been here before? Once. What do you know of the Jaffa? They are proud people, confused about the ways to salvation. They have been misled by parasites posing as gods for many generations, but in their hearts, I believe they know ascension is the true goal of our existence. Then why are you slaughtering them? This is Lieutenant Colonel Samantha Carter calling any survivors of the Earth ship <i>Korolev.</i> Please come in. ON RADIO: Repeat. This is Lieutenant Colonel Samantha Carter calling any survivors of the Earth ship Korolev. Please come in. Sam, it's me, Daniel. Daniel, I knew you made it! Yeah. It's good to hear you, too. Listen, I'm kind of in the middle of something right now. We're in orbit trying to blow up one of the Ori ships. Yeah. I'm on one of the ships that's landed on the planet. Yeah. I'm on one of the ships that's landed on the planet. I'm gonna have to tell you the rest later. Requesting radio silence. I am detecting the fluctuation in their shields. Almost in range. The good news is I just made contact with Daniel. We were right. He's alive and on board the Ori ship that's landed on the planet. Hallelujah. What's the bad news? We just lost one of our motherships. If our plan doesn't work, this will be a very short battle. We are in range. CARTER: Now. They're firing. Send it. It should have gone off by now. They must embrace their destiny. Well, then, hallowed are the Ori. Please, Mother. It is blasphemous for an unbeliever to speak those words. No, really, you're starting to make sense to me now. I'm really coming around. Hallowed are the Ori. We just lost another mothership. Let's get Jackson on board and get the hell out of here. I am sorry, Colonel Mitchell. That is not the plan. Bra'tac, what are you doing? I believe he intends to ram the enemy vessel. Yeah, I got that. But that will kill us. - I think he knows that. - Indeed. Teal'c, this is crazy. Not the good kind of crazy. You know that. What would you have me do, Colonel Mitchell? Talk to him. Chances are we'll just impact the shield. We won't do any damage to them. What do you think, you're making some kind of a statement? Hey, I know this is your ship and we didn't have to come along, and maybe it is better to die in battle. I don't know. I was never really hoping to find out. But I do know one thing. There's no point in dying when you're going to lose anyway, not when you have a choice. - They were conspiring against you. - Yes, I know. - Kill him. - No! Wait. - We want to talk to you. - Move! - I said, kill him. - No! Mother. (GASPING) You couldn't have waited until she'd finished healing me? Well, she was distracted. - Leave me. Grab her. - Oh, yeah, like that's going to happen. Colonel Mitchell, Colonel Carter, this is Emerson. Come in. What's your status? Beam us on board. Enemy ships have detected our presence. Moving into range. You should have four beacons transmitting. I planted one on you earlier, just in case. Do it. No! We were lucky the ship on the planet had lowered its shields. You should have grabbed for Adria, not me. No, I'm thinking I should have shot her when I had the chance. Daniel, you couldn't have killed a child. She's not a child. She's an Ori in the body of a human. Isn't that cheating? Well, Orlin broke the rules by taking human form and telling us the truth about the Ori. Yeah, and he paid for that. No offense, but I think this kid's going to be a big problem. She'll be fully grown within a matter of days. See? Cheating. Yeah, I gotta admit, the ascended rulebook is getting a little hard to understand. You know, I don't think there really is one. There usually never are rules in a war. Unfortunately, right now, there is no war. In a war, you've got two sides fighting. All we have is a lot of winning by the bad guys. They have troops and ships in our territory, and a supergate to bring in more anytime they need them. I remember when we first opened the gate. The Goa'uld had total domination over the galaxy. They had massive technological superiority over us. A lot of people didn't think we had a chance. I'm not saying we should give up.