The sixth year happened, and then "That's it." Then suddenly seven happened, and we went "This is really it. We're done." Eight. And so it's just been a crazy ride. Honestly, who knew it would go this long? Who knew it would be this successful? Part of the success of Stargate too is not something that we see, except that we keep getting renewed. I'm not always really aware of what's going on out there in the real world in terms of our ratings or fan response. I know the fan base for the show is phenomenal but, until you go overseas, you don't really know. Suddenly, you're in Europe and people are going "Sam! Sam!" Australia - everywhere I went, people recognise you. So then you go "Wow, it is a success." Who knew? Sci-fi was not a genre that I was hugely into. I've said this before and I'll say it again: I was a Little House on the Prairie girl. But I wanted to do this show because of the character. Because I loved the character and I saw so much potential for her. In the pilot, I saw her flaws, but I also saw great potential and I saw all her strengths. It's not a character that you come across very often, as a woman. So I was really thrilled by the opportunity to play her. That's what jazzed me. OK, I'm Stargate Barbie and we're dead! It wasn't that I thought "Sci-fi", and I still don't. We're not in a ship all day long. We're present-day, fallible human beings. We're goofy and irreverent at times. There's a definite sense of humour to the show, and a definite human element. And I think it's very accessible. Even though I am probably the most sci-fi character in it because of the techno-babble I speak. I used to do Shakespeare. Now I do techno-babble. I don't think of it as a sci-fi show. I hope that doesn't upset sci-fi fans. Cos it is a sci-fi show, but it's so much more. - What? What? - We got trouble. - W-What kind of trouble? - Think Bolivia. Oh, Jaffa? They made our position. Keep working. What a dream job. We get to do what we love to do for a living. Everyone loves being here - crew, cast. It's so hokey but we really like each other. We love each other. Just last night, I'm talking to Chris Judge for an hour and a half. I talked to Michael before he went to Australia, and to Don the other day. And getting together with our craft-service guy and hair stylist. We really dig each other. We're very, very lucky, and I don't know that it's the same on every show. It's just like a family. Michael, Chris and Rick are just like my three brothers. So we have our sibling rivalries but, when push comes to shove, we'd go to the wall for any one of us. We'd all look out for each other, and that's rare, I think. So what happens beyond the gate? I have a very boring life during the shooting of Stargate because I have to stick to a pretty regimented routine in order to say all the words that I have to say. This is my favourite thing. But on weekends, for me, it's about getting out into the woods with my dog, just breathing fresh air and hiking. I'm still renovating my house. I play guitar. Not in public. Ever. But it's really quiet, sedentary, just chilling. Chilling, chilling. I'm not a big party girl. I don't go to the club scene... unless I go out with Christopher Judge. Which happens once a year - cos that's all you can handle. It's very quiet. I'm nature girl on weekends. I bought an Ocean Kayak, and now I'm kayaking, which I love. So I'm just outdoors-y girl. Shooting in Vancouver is brilliant. In the summertime, and even up until a couple of weeks ago, I was kayaking. Wintertime, you go skiing. The guys play hockey, so you go to the hockey games. My husband plays with the Stargate guys. It's a perfect lifestyle out here, especially if you're into the outdoors. Directing was, and is, and has been something I've wanted to do since before I got on Stargate and I was directing theatre. For me, it was really six years of proving to the powers that be that I could do it. In the negotiations for season seven, I laid it on the table and said "This is a deal breaker. I have to be able to direct." And they let me. That's the scene. We're doing one crane shot which'll end up in a wide master, a two-shot of Daniel and Carter, and simultaneously shoot a medium close-up of Barrett with his radio. Nice! "Resurrection" - initially I was gonna direct it early in the season. Then I was gonna direct the episode right after the summer hiatus. Then I was gonna direct the second-last episode. Suddenly it was the last episode and it was Michael's episode, which was great because I could talk to Michael about what his vision was when he wrote the script. I've never seen such a complete bastardisation of what was once a very lyrical and musical piece of work. It all worked out. Initially I was freaked out. "Oh, my God! How am I gonna do this?" It turned out to be the most phenomenal experience of my career so far. I loved it. The one thing I kept forgetting to do was say "Action." - Action! - That's brilliant. Daniel/ You OK? Where is she? She won't get far. All units. This is Agent Barrett. The female prisoner is unaccounted for. Secure all exits. Without exception, every single member of this crew gave 110% for me. And they all said they would, from our locations manager, Lynn Smith, to Bridget McGuire to James Robbins. All of the elements that happen prior to shooting. And then on set, everyone. It will take a really long time, but... that's what cool shots take. I was able to design a show and design a style for the show based on the knowledge that I knew I could push the camera department because I knew that our crew could handle what I was throwing at them, the two-and-a-half-page crane shot that I designed for the opening of the show. And I knew that it would work, and they all added. I also had the privilege and the safety net of Michael Greenburg on set every day. He just let me do my thing. I designed every shot. I drew it out on paper. I'd say "Michael, this is the next scene. These are my camera angles." "This is why I want the camera to move here." A great director. I can't believe she's a first-time director. She's got all the right moves, all the right stuff. And she looks good. She used to be really ugly, then she got punched in the face and became pretty. Then, of course, I had a great cast. Rick wasn't in it, sadly. But Michael and Christopher... I just love them. They were so on board. That goes back to that whole... why we love each other so much. Brad Rines was my editor, and he's an amazing editor. So I came in with his mix and his first edit and went "This is great! I barely have to change anything." Will Waring said to me "When you go into the first-day edit, you'll pretty much sit there and go 'Cool."' This is really cool! There was just a few things that we changed, a couple of takes we used differently. But it took less than a day for me to do my director's cut. It was that easy. Mind you, I designed the show in such a way that there was little room for editing, which the producers may or may not have liked. But it was like "You kinda have to do this. This is the way." I did a lot of what we call "oners" where it was an entire scene in one move so you can't cut into it. All part of my design. It was great. Directing is a career path. I will always want to be an actor. There's always a charge to that creative juice, but to open up other elements. Especially after seven years on a show, you don't wanna become stagnant. I would love to direct episodes of the spin-off, but certainly other things. This is the final shot of season seven. And it's bloody brilliant, if I do say so myself. Cut. Project the gate! That's a wrap till season eight. Whoo! Thank you to the fans, to all of you. Hope you're enjoying season seven. Hope you're enjoying the DVDs. I've said this before and I'll say it again: There but for the grace of you go... we. If it weren't for your support, we wouldn't be doing the show, or season eight. Oh, my God, it's fantastic! For your letters and your love and... just for sticking by us. From the moment the show was announced, we had a fan base, before we even hit the airwaves. You stuck by us and so thank you from the bottom of our hearts. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't be here. Thanks. I'm Amanda Tapping. Thanks for watching "Beyond the Gate". Or something like that.