Colonel Mitchell. Yeah. What happened? Bring him. - Oh my God... - Colonel Mitchell, I'm placing you under arrest for the murder of Dr. Reya Varrick. Season 9 - Episode 12 Collateral Damage Sorry to keep you waiting Emissary, I wasn't expecting anyone. Well, I apologize for coming so late, but the Committee just completed its deliberations. You've chosen a new leader for the project? Yes, we have. Congratulations. I'm honored. We expect... great things from you Doctor. Along with your... new responsibilities, you will have a higher security clearance. You already know about the ring of course. - Yes, Sir. - What you don't know... is that we've used it to visit over a dozen inhabited worlds... and there may be thousands more out there. My God. As ambassador to those worlds, I've seen first hand the kind of technologies that exist in the galaxy. Giant ships capable of traveling between the stars... weapons of immeasurable power... Galar is vulnerable Doctor... the project... may be our only hope for survival. We'll do our best Sir... Colonel? How do you feel? That's just weird. I was having a conversation with you. It was about a year ago... but we just met yesterday. I was the one who had a conversation with Dr. Varrick. What you experienced, was my memory. - That's amazing. - Believe me Dr. Jackson, this is just the beginning. The memory was copied from the Emissary's mind and spliced into yours. Once there... it was incorporated into your consciousness, like a transplant organ becoming part of a new body. I could swear I was there. I don't really know what we were talking about... but we were talking. Of course this was just a small demonstration, we're still perfecting the process but we believe eventually the device will become an invaluable educational tool. Imagine... your most brilliant surgeons or engineers instantaneously transferring the full memory of their education and experience to young students. You could conceivably cut their training time from years to mere weeks. And you say you adapted this technology from a Goa'uld memory device. That's correct. If you don't mind our asking, where did you get your hands on one? This planet has been under the protection of the Asgard for many generations. But it was originally occupied by the Goa'uld. That device was discovered by archeologists over 100 years ago. But it wasn't until recently that our understanding of the technology, advanced to the point where we could create the memory transfer. It was Dr. Varrick, who made the final breakthrough. The Emissary is exaggerating. I was just the last in a long line of scientists working on the project. The last is the one who gets it right. What? The Galaran's haven't perfected the memory implant technology to the point where it would have widespread applications. But from colonel Mitchell's experience it sounds like they're well on their way. If they succeed it could artificially accelerate their technological advancement. I think that's the point. I'm saying it could be dangerous. We're hardly in a position to judge Dr. Jackson, for the past nine years SG-1 has been routinely employing technologies that are well beyond our level of advancement. The Asgard are busy rebuilding, which means they haven't been around to do much protecting. The Galaran's feel like they need to play catch up. In all likelihood that is the reason they are seeking a relationship with the Tau'ri. They are undoubtedly aware of our success against the Goa'uld. So what exactly do they want? I mean aside from our goodwill and fellowship? Well right now they have no interstellar capability except for the Gate itself. They've been working on hyperdrive technology but without much success. And they want to offer this memory device in exchange for our help? Well the emissary was reluctant to get into specifics. I think he wanted to... wet our appetite for the technology before we started bargaining. Well, it worked. The joint chiefs are already salivating over the idea of training jet pilots in a manner of days. We need to set up another meeting. No need sir. We've already been invited back for a reception in honor of the scientists who developed the implant technology. I'm hoping there'll be dancing. Sir. Check that out... even on an alien world. A wallflower. Dr. Amuro, he's worked on the project for many years. Well, it doesn't look like he's enjoying the party. You know how it is with scientists, we spend so much time in the lab, I think that's where we feel most comfortable. In your case I find that hard to believe. Are you suggesting, I don't work as hard as my colleagues? No, no, God no. That's supposed to be a compliment. Guess I'll have to take your word for it. No, it's not that I don't appreciate the potential of the technology, it's just that we're talking about your memory here. It's fundamental to your identity if you can't trust it... you're lost. Your memory is already less objected than you think it is Dr. Jackson... Well he's got a point... I mean just ask any cop whose had to take eyewitness testimony. Yes, but there's a difference between getting a license plate number wrong and not knowing if the four years you spent in college ever actually happened. Yes, but that would never be the case. Because everyone receiving the treatment would be aware of what they will getting. So long as the technology is not abused. Well that's a risk with all new technologies. Easily said by one who has not been the victim of such abuse. Excuse me. Reya. Dr. Marell, this is lieutenant colonel Mitchell. We have to talk. Excuse me. How's it going? I don't think the diplomacy is my thing. That's what you're doing. What? Nothing, nothing. Reya wait. Why wasn't I informed of this? Excuse me. What? You moved up the test schedule and you selected a group of volunteers. When did this happen? We've been very impressed with your progress. We thought it was time to take your research to its next level. You should take this as a compliment. I noticed all the test subjects are military officers. How should I take that? This is still a classified operation. You gave me your personal assurance this project would remain under civilian control. And so it has. The military is simply making their contribution. Well I've seen what those contributions can lead to. You're overreacting and in any case, this is hardly the place to discuss it. This conversation isn't over. I'll be back. Reya! Wait up. What was all that about? I should have seen this coming. They're going to take the project away from me. Why would they do that? You're the one that figured it out. Which means they no longer need me. I know where this is coming from. It's the general staff. They want to control the technology without any interference from civilian scientists. I swore I wouldn't let that happen. Why am I telling you this? You're a military officer yourself. If you get your hands on the device the same thing will happen on your planet. I'm not a big fan of misusing technology on any planet. And I might be able to help you out. What do you mean? Well, obviously your government is keen on forming a relationship with mine. That gives us some leverage. You'd use your influence to help me? I could try. Well. I really don't want to go back out there. Maybe you could do me a favor and walk me home. It's not far. But I don't like to walk alone at night. Really? Don't they have crime on your planet? Oh yeah. Don't move. The night the emissary... told you that they put you in charge of the project, he came here, right? That's right. This is weird. I mean, I know I've never been here before but, I recognize this place. Then you know where the drinks are. Help yourself and pour me one too. It's impressive. Do all government scientists live like this? The success of the project has brought me a few privileges. Sometimes I feel a little guilty. Most of my colleagues from my days at the academy don't live nearly so well. Well, I'm sure you deserve it. That doesn't pull any punches does it. After the day I just had that's the whole point. So, you... live here on your own? Why do you ask? That's a big place. I don't know. Just... just curious I guess. I thought that was your clever way of asking if I was married. I'm not that clever. Well, anyway the answer's yes. I live alone. I was married for a while, but the job got in the way. Well, that much I understand. Then we're not so different after all. We shouldn't do this. You wouldn't have come here if you didn't want to. I didn't say... I didn't want to. Emissary what's going on? Where's colonel Mitchell? He's been taken into custody. Why? He killed Dr. Varrick. - What? - That's insane. When we found him, his blood alcohol level was extremely high.</i> I suspect it was probably some kind of unpremeditated crime of passion. We all know they left the reception together. That's hardly evidence. We also found her blood on his hands and his fingerprints on the murder weapon, but most importantly, he confessed. Cam, what happened? I don't know. I mean, the whole night is just a blur. I just remember feeling this insane... anger. I don't know why... I picked up the statue... and I hit her with it. She was lying there, helpless, and I... It wasn't you, ok? These people can implant memories. Yeah, I've been trying to tell myself the same thing all morning but it doesn't stop me from still seeing her face. What if I told you everything that happened to you yesterday was a false memory? How would you know the difference? The Emissary would like to speak with the prisoner. We need to talk about this so-called evidence you have against colonel Mitchell.</i> That won't be necessary. Colonel Mitchell is free to return to Earth. I'm what? I'm trying to convince the Cabinet to maintain your diplomatic status, but I may not succeed. Wait a minute. If they think I'm guilty why are they letting me go? They believe it is in the best interest of interplanetary relations to put this difficult business behind us, as quickly and as quietly as possible. Colonel Mitchell has been falsely accused. Which means there could still be a murderer out there. Let's be realistic here. Very few people have access to the memory device. Even fewer have the skills to manipulate it in this manner. And none that I can think of have any motive. Colonel Mitchell should be grateful. Under our rules of evidence he would be convicted of this crime. I should be grateful to walk away and have this memory stuck in my head for the rest of my life? Alright then. If you agree to close the matter, we can have the incident removed from your mind and replace it... with a memory of a pleasant, uneventful evening. Just like that? Forget it ever happened? Precisely. On the other hand, if you insist on a full investigation I won't be able to protect you.</i> If the evidence continues to point to your guilt, you will be subject to the full force of our laws. And the penalty for murder is death. Cameron, we need to be really careful here, we have no idea how their legal system works, - we don't know what kind of rights... - Sam.</i> I need to do this. I want to know what really happened. You can tell the Galarans that until colonel Mitchell is returned all trade talks are suspended. He doesn't want to come back. He wants to force them to conduct a full investigation. I don't give a damn what he wants. Look, General... It's easy for us to sit here and be certain he didn't do it, but look at it from his point of view. No matter what we say he's still gonna have the memory of murdering that woman with his own hands. You said the Emissary offered to have the memory removed. Well he'd still know that she'd been killed and I'm sure he'd be curious why no one was held accountable for it. He's taking an awful chance. I believe it highly unlikely that the Galarans would execute colonel Mitchell. It would severely hinder the possibility of future relations with the Tau'ri. Sir, I've already spoken with Dr. Marrell. He says they can use the implant technology to determine if the memory is genuine or not. I don't want him hooked up to that damn machine again without one of you present. I'll be observing the analysis. In the meantime Teal'c and Daniel have been granted access to all the material relevant to the investigation. Very well. Dr. Marrell and Dr. Amuro will be conducting the analysis. Now, if there's anything else you require. As a matter of fact there is. I understand a sample of colonel Mitchell's blood was taken, when he was arrested. In order to determine his blood alcohol level, yes. We'd like a portion of that sample sent back to Stargate Command. Just to corroborate your results, of course. I'll see to it. You can take the guards with you. This man has been accused of murder. I don't want them in my lab. You can wait outside. And you fellas sure you want to be left alone with me? Dr. Varrick was our colleague. If we thought for one minute you actually killed her, we wouldn't be helping you. Then who do you think did kill her? Reya was going to do everything she could to oppose the militarization of the project. So they got rid of her. Why frame me? They assumed you'd claim diplomatic immunity and therefore no prosecution would be necessary. Whole thing was to be swept under the carpet. They assumed wrong. And for that we are grateful. Can you prove the memory's false? Well, unfortunately Dr. Varrick was the most qualified to do this work. I'm sure you'll do fine. Please. Brain activity is extremely fluid. We can't read a memory like opening a drawer and pulling out a file.</i> Patterns shift and mutate. One memory colors another. That's why it's so difficult to create a successful graft. You have to be careful not to cause too many inconsistencies. Alright Colonel, we need to establish a base line. What I have done is identify a series of key memories from your childhood. These are seminal moments, they stand out like signposts</i> and they influence everything that came after them. I'm gonna activate one now. Dr. Peters to examination room 1. Dr. Peters.</i> You alright? Yeah. It's just... weird. What are you seeing? I'm in the V.A hospital where they brought my father after his accident. He was a test pilot, right? Yeah. It's the first time I saw him after the crash. Scared the hell out of me to see him like that, somehow he made it seem that everything was gonna be OK. We're moving into a related memory now. It's a couple of months later. We're watching the launch of the first space shuttle. God, I can't be much more than ten years old. Go baby, go! What do you think of that Cam? Space planes. I tell you what, if they can pull that off, the least I can do is walk again, right? Well done Colonel. So what's next? With this data, we should be able to precisely calibrate the equipment and then comes the hard part. We'll need to run through your memories of the murder. We may have to do it several times. Great. Teal'c, Dr. Jackson, what can I do for you? We've got a problem. This data file was supposed to contain all the materials relevant to the murder investigation but large sections of Dr. Varrick's personal records have been deleted. Well, she was involved in a number of our most top secret projects. The deletions were made in the interests of national security. But I'm sure there's nothing in the missing material that has any baring on the investigation. How are we to be certain? Because I'm telling you. We must be missing something. We've been through it three times. What's the problem? - Well, maybe we should run another diagnostic. - It's not gonna change the result. I need some air. So far we can't find any evidence that the memory is false. According to these results, colonel Mitchell really did murder Dr. Varrick. Dr. Marrell, you have to continue with the analysis, please. - You know he didn't do this. - That's not what the machine says. Look. - I know Dr. Varrick was your friend. - She was more than that, Colonel. She was my wife. We had been separated for two years. I guess I was still hoping there might be a chance. I can't help you. Sir, Dr. Liam's in surgery, but she wanted you to see this right away. It's the results of the analysis of colonel Mitchell's blood sample. Anything useful? Yes Sir. She wanted you to know that the troponins were negative but the C.K and the myoglobins were up. No wait. The myoglobins were negative but the C.K and the troponins were up. - No wait. - Walter... Sir, whatever it was, it means that when the sample was taken colonel Mitchell had been recently either stunned or rendered unconscious by some kind of electrical charge. Like a Zat Gun? Yes Sir, or some such similar... thing. This is hardly proof of colonel Mitchell's innocence. Well, on Earth you have to prove guilt. I know, we're not on Earth. I'll admit, its enough to suggest to them that the investigation should continue but Dr. Marrell has expressed reluctance to help you any further. At least let us talk to him. I'm sorry about Reya. She told me she'd been married, she didn't tell me it was you. Would it have made any difference? I didn't kill her. Even if I wanted to help you there's nothing more I can do. Why not? Well, as you know we used colonel Mitchell's own memories to establish a comparative standard, and normally that should have been enough to identify any false readings, but... we were unable to do so. Which means either the memory is genuine or the transfer was so expertly done that the ordinary methods of detecting it are useless. What other methods are there? Well, the only way would be to compare what happened the other night with a genuine memory of similar content and emotional resonance. So, unless colonel Mitchell's made a habit of killing innocent people, we're out of options. I may have what you need. Hook me up. There it is. What are we looking at? The emotional resonance pattern of this memory is very similar to that of Dr. Varrick's murder. Mustang leader this is Mustang 3. Do we have a confirmation on the target yet? Negative Mustang 3, AWACS reports we're still waiting on intel, maintain cap.</i> I have tallied a three vehicle convoy just like the man said. Copy that 3, we're still trying to confirm that the target is in the convoy.</i> Triple A on my three... breaking left. His heart rate just shot up. Breathings shallow. I'm taking fire, do we have a confirmation yet? Not exactly friendly skies out here boys and girls. Can I get a confirmation on that target? Mustang 3 you are cleared hot. Repeat you are cleared hot.</i> Pretty sure about this? That's affirmative. Bump up to 1500 for reacquisition.</i> Roger that. Weapon is armed... Bomb away. Mustang 3! Mustang 3! Abort! Abort! What? No... no, no, no... The bomb is away. What the hell's going on Mustang leader? We've lost confirmation on the target. You've got to be kidding me. Can you confirm hit? Stand by. The target is destroyed. Oh shit. Sorry about that Captain. We were relying on local ally intelligence, so obviously someone dropped the ball.</i> Who was the target? Was he in the convoy or not? Don't do this to yourself? Who was in the convoy, Sir? As far as we know it was a group of refugees. This wasn't your fault. But it doesn't change the fact that I have to live with it... for the rest of my life. Please tell me you got what you need? We're analyzing the results now, just give us a few moments. You OK? No. It worked. The new data indicates that the memory of Reya's murder was implanted. Thank God. - I'll inform the Emissary. - Hang on a second.</i> We may have proved that I didn't kill her but we're not finished, not by a long shot. I have to know who did it. And I'm not leaving here until we find out. What exactly are we looking for? Because we know the memory was implanted we can expect to find anomalies. Little moments where the brain is simply incapable of dealing with the inconsistencies that arise as a result of the graft. Now, often these take the form of missing time, or sudden changes in the identities of people around us. Typically they centre on the splice points where the memory starts and stops. The problem is they can often be difficult to detect. Hey Sam. Thanks. He's ready. You wanted to see us? I understand Dr. Marrell and Dr. Amuro were able to determine that the memory was an implant. I must say, I'm relieved. A trial could have been extremely detrimental to relations between our worlds. Not to mention inconvenient for colonel Mitchell. Yes, of course. I'm sure he'd like to return to Earth as soon as possible. Actually, he's still in the lab. Colonel Mitchell believes that an analysis of the false memory</i> could prove useful in determining the true identity of the murderer. I'm sorry... but I won't allow it. We've already been more than generous in putting our most important scientists and facilities at your disposal to determine colonel Mitchell's innocence. But now it's time they get back to their research. Look, all we're asking for is a little more time. The project is already behind schedule. Dr. Marrell is the most qualified to lead the research now and his new responsibilities preclude him from participating in this investigation anymore. Colonel Mitchell was assaulted. His memories were manipulated against his will and an innocent woman was murdered. Now, I've only worked with the guy a short period of time but I'm pretty sure he's not gonna let this one go. And if you want to get in his way... let's just say... when it comes time to decide if we want to pursue this relationship his opinion's gonna carry a lot of weight. Cam? No, I'm good... Well, are you sure you wanna continue this? It's possible that there are no anomalies or that they could be buried so deep, we'll never find them even if we go over it 100 times. It's the least I can do for her now. Let's keep going. Alright. There's nothing here. There has to be... I'll find it... Marrell I know she meant a lot to you but how much longer can we put the poor man through this? He wants to do it! Look, we know the memory's false by comparison. There must be some other indication. We've been through this a dozen times. The splice points are indistinguishable... I know, but I now realize that's because he was rendered unconscious before the procedure was begun. And he was still unconscious long after it was completed. The whole thing has the quality of a dream, it's... - jumbled up in his mind. - Alright, so what can we do about it?</i> Focus on the inconsistencies in the memory itself. But what if there aren't any? I'm wasting my time explaining this to you! Can I do my work? How's he doing? Not too good. Doesn't sound like you're making a lot of progress. Marrell's determined but, I don't know. The graft appears to be flawless... I've got something... There... you see it? Yes. What is it? It's what we've been looking for. Colonel Mitchell can you hear me? Yeah. We've identified a point in the memory where we think there may be an anomaly. I'm gonna activate it now. I want you to tell me what you see. I'm in the house. I'm walking down the hallway... No. No, whoa... I... I've lost it... go back. Just a minute. Stop! There. Can you run it again? Maybe slow it down a little. I see my reflection, my reflection in the mirror. But the face is blurry. It's an anomaly. If the reflection in the mirror is not your own. Your brain can't deal with it... That's why it's blurry. Can you clean it up? I think so. What did you see. Who was it? It was him. Are you sure? Positive. It was Marrell. That's impossible. If he killed her, why would he be helping us? I mean, he wanted to reveal the identity of the murderer more than anyone. What if he doesn't know? What you're saying, he killed her and then implanted the memory in colonel Mitchell... And then erased it from his own mind. Is that possible? - Theoretically yes, but... - This is insane... I loved her. But she left you, didn't she? And you never got over it. Then you saw me leave the party with her. - Look, it's impossible. - Well, there's one way to find out for sure.</i> If he really did erase his own memory, he would have had to replace it with something else. We can check for anomalies the same way, we did with colonel Mitchell. Go ahead. You won't find anything. We found that he had two identical memories. One from the night of the murder one from several nights before. Except no two memories are exactly the same, it's like signatures. When they're identical that's when you know they've been forged.</i> As far as he knows he was in bed sleeping the whole time. He didn't want to just fool us he wanted to fool himself. To get rid of the guilt. And that's what did him in. We're done. How do you feel? Fine... I guess. I've erased the implants. You should no longer have the image of killing Dr. Varrick in your mind, but all of your genuine memories should be intact. I still remember her. Thanks. Dr. Amuro. And you must be our visitors from Earth. Are you alright? Well... no. Obviously you've heard what happened to Reya. To be honest I still can't believe she's really gone. But I... I talked it over with the emissary and we both agreed that the best thing for me now is to get back to work. It was nice to meet you. What the hell is this? He thinks she died in an accident. And he'll continue to think that, for the rest of his life. You're gonna just let him get away with murder. He doesn't know he killed her. There was no way to recover that memory. And that's supposed to make it OK? It was for the good of the project. And Dr. Varrick would have understood that. I read your report. Not sure I've ever seen language like that used in an official Air Force document before. Sorry about that, Sir. Oh, you should have seen what colonel Carter and Dr. Jackson wrote. Yes, Sir. Colonel Carter told me what you had to do to prove your innocence. Something about... reliving a difficult memory. Of course... she didn't know what it was all about, she... hasn't read your service record like I have. I hadn't thought about it in a long time... but I guess something like that never goes away, does it? No. When it happened... I almost resigned my commission. I'm glad you didn't. I understand how you feel. But leaving the air force won't change what happened.</i> Won't make you feel any better. You know you suck at pep talks dad. I'm just being realistic. What else are you gonna do? Become an airline pilot? Fly the New York - DC shuttle five times a day. Mow the lawn on sundays? That doesn't sound too bad. Yeah well... for someone else maybe but now for you. It could have been easier if you'd grown up to be more like your mother. But you're just like me. Always looking to the horizon, always looking for something more. No, I'm not like you dad.