The effect will be immediate. He'll believe you to be his loyal slave, Jarren. Whoa! No violence. - Your name? - Cam Mitchell. Bounty hunter. Don't worry about SG-1 and Earth. They are of little consequence. Approaching the coordinates now, sir. Drop us out of hyperspace. Maximum shields. Colonel? We should have a visual. If the second supergate is here, we should be able to see it. EMERSON: Anything on the sensors? There seems to be a powerful gravitational field nearby. Supergates use black holes for power. Oh, this is not a black hole, it's a neutron star, and the field is powerful enough to weaken our shields and cause... Damage report! Reporting hull damage on decks two and seven. Battle stations! Get us out of here, Major. Hyperdrive will not engage. Hull integrity has been compromised! - Who the hell is shooting at us? - MARKS: I can't tell, sir. Detecting three ships. Ori? Based on size, I'd say Goa'uld mother ships. Their shields should be weakened as well! Fire all forward rail guns. Arm missiles. Major, transfer auxiliary power to sublight engines and set a course hard right. Sir, detecting multiple small objects dead ahead. Oh, my God. It's a minefield. Full reverse thrust! Damage report! EMERSON: Marks! Emergency subspace communication from the <i>Odyssey,</i> sir. Put it onscreen. Stargate Command, this is Colonel Paul Emerson of the Odyssey, authentication code, delta-six, alpha-five. We're under attack. We've suffered extreme damage. Intel about the second supergate was false. We've been ambushed by as many as three Goa 'uld mother ships. We've lost hyperdrive, shields are down. Several decks without life support. We're being boarded! That's it, sir. That's all we got. We began receiving telemetry from the emergency transponder approximately 30 minutes after the distress call came in. Unfortunately, it doesn't tell us anything about the condition of the ship or the crew. Sounds like it was badly damaged. Anything on who might have been behind this? We were acting on what we thought was reliable intel from the Jaffa. Bra'tac is investigating the source of the false intel, but the Jaffa nation is in disarray and many have reverted back to old warring factions. Tracing such betrayal may prove virtually impossible. There must be a lot of Jaffa out there who are pretty angry about the destruction of Dakara. The Ori were responsible for that. And there are more than a few who think it was us who led them there. Angry enough to set up an ambush? For what, revenge? Well, we have a signal. Let's go check it out. Yeah, one tiny snag there. We have no vessels in which to travel. The <i>Daedalus</i> is on its way to Pegasus. And it will be days before a Jaffa ship becomes available to us. Well, you only have to ask. You must know by now that I can get you pretty much anything you want. Yeah, for a price. Nothing comes for free, Daniel. Of course, in this instance, I would naturally waive my fee, but I will need some front money, so to speak. Be careful. We still have no idea who's behind this. (CREW CHATTERING) Glad to see you're awake, Colonel. How's your head? It's fine, sir. - What's our status? - They towed us out of the minefield. Most of the crew is accounted for. We're still missing three. Which one of you is Colonel Samantha Carter? I'm Colonel Paul Emerson, commander of this ship. If you have any questions, you ask... If any of you try to be heroes, I assure you my commander will think nothing of venting this hold of all atmosphere. I will not ask again. I'm Carter. Bring her. Him, too. Colonel Carter, I had heard you were quite attractive. I'm Colonel Paul Emerson, commander of this ship. - What do you want? - Nothing you can do for me. Now, Colonel Carter, on the other hand... - Can I call you Samantha? - No. You're Lucian Alliance. (CHUCKLES) The uniform. Pathetic, isn't it? Pretending to be something we're not. Anateo is my name, and believe me, I am part of no alliance of any kind. Now, we don't know much about this ship yet, but we have found a subspace beacon that is giving away our position. I need you to shut it off. - I'm not going to help you. - I don't see what choice you have. You are going to do whatever it is I want you to do. Don't do it, Sam. Oh, I suggest you should do it, Sam. It's not designed to be shut off. It activates automatically and stays on. Then remove it. Don't help them, Colonel. That's an order. ANATEO: I believe that now makes you the ranking officer on this ship, Colonel Carter. I suggest you get to work, unless there's something else you'd rather do. Yeah, she's a real beauty. Stabilizers are a bit wonky, I'm afraid. Makes for a bumpy ride, but it's all perfectly safe. Really? (CRASHING) Not exactly. We gave you as much raw naquadah as you needed, and all you came up with was this piece of junk? People's lives are at stake, Daniel. Do you honestly think that I cheaped out on the ship and pocketed the difference? (ALARM SOUNDING) - What's that? - Life support seems to be failing. Can you take over? Great, you fixed that. How about fixing the stabilizers? I didn't fix anything, I just disabled that annoying alarm. Our long-range sensors indicate that the signal coming from the <i>Odyssey</i> transponder is changing location. It's moving? TEAL'C: It appears to be traveling at sublight speed. Altering course to intercept. - Are you cloaking? - I am attempting to. It does not appear the cloak is responding. The signal now appears to be originating from that planet. Sensors are picking up numerous life signs. If life support were compromised, they could have landed the ship for repairs. They are not responding to our hails. There appears to be a small civilization on the surface. I knew I recognized this planet. More friends of yours? The Goa'uld used to have a shipbuilding facility here. It's now been taken over by the former human slaves. From what I know, they have ties with the Lucian Alliance. You know, that doesn't sound too good. We talking chop shop here? I have a contact here. He might get skittish if we all show up, so it could be a good idea for me to go in alone. You know, it could be a trap. All the more reason why we shouldn't all go. Trust me, if he knows anything, I'll be able to get it out of him, but the key is to be as inconspicuous and as non-threatening as possible. If you like, I can take Daniel. Colonel, what happened? You've been gone for hours. Where's Colonel Emerson? BORZIN: Vala Mal Doran. Never thought you'd show your face in these parts again. Borzin, you slimy, two-faced grease peddler. Come on, give us a hug. (GROANS) And what poor loser have you conned into your company this time? Oh, this is my apprentice, Seamus. - You must be learning a great deal. - More than I'd like to. Actually, I only took him on as part of a bet. He's mentally disabled. BORZIN: Don't trust her. She will sell you out for a bad lunch the first chance she gets. I know. He likes me. Isn't that cute? What do you want, Vala, if you haven't already stolen it from me? We're looking for some information. About a Tau'ri ship that was attacked not far from here. Any information you can give us... Okay, my friend, here's the thing. - He's not my apprentice. He's a mark. - No! A very rich, very gullible one, who's eating right out of my hands. Give us something, anything, and he'll make it very much worth your while. - You know, I've heard that before. - All right, try this. We traced the signal from the ship's emergency transponder here. I know you can't possibly have the whole ship, but I know you must have some parts. Borzin, I don't know what's going on, but you're in way over your head. I've recently made some contacts high up in the Lucian Alliance that'd be very interested in knowing exactly how much you've been skimming off this operation. Wow. Offers that can't be refused. Over here. While we're at it, why don't we get him to throw in some parts for our cargo ship? One thing at a time. Is this what you're looking for? That's <i>Odyssey's</i> data recorder. The transponder's still broadcasting. - Where did you get this? - A man brought it a few hours ago. He said it could fetch me a very nice price. (BEEPING) Anateo is my name, and believe me, I am part of no alliance of any kind. (TAPE FAST-FORWARDING) CARTER: It's not designed to be shut off. It activates automatically and stays on. ANA TEO: Then remove it. EMERSON: Don't help them, Colonel. That's an order. (GUN FIRES) You want more? Show me the naquadah. You know, that thing's useless to me unless I know who gave it to you. Timing's everything. Him. (LASER GUN FIRING) Jackson? Vala? Jackson, report. Crap. BORZIN: You want more? Show me the naquadah. JACKSON: You know, that thing's useless to me unless I know who gave it to you. Timing's everything. Him. (LASER GUN FIRING) We suspected it could be another ambush. LANDRY: You think they were specifically after you? They knew we would follow the transponder signal. Why? Perhaps they were trying to deter us from trying to find the <i>Odyssey.</i> Personally, I think they just don't like us. Well, I can see why they might not be your biggest fans. Well, whatever the reason, there was no other way to retrieve this intel. The recording suggests the <i>Odyssey</i> wasn't destroyed, but is in the hands of the Lucian Alliance. Unfortunately, that's all we got. Borzin disappeared along with Daniel and Vala, and no one else we talked to knew anything. Teal'c, spread the word among the Jaffa. Tell whoever will listen I want to talk to the leader of the Lucian Alliance. I've always felt civilization can be judged by two things, its food and its women. I'd say yours is only halfway there. I don't blame you, but you have to keep up your strength. I don't blame you, but you have to keep up your strength. You have a whole ship to fix. You know, that could take the rest of my life. Whether that is long or painfully short is up to you. Daniel, Vala. - Hi, Sam! - We thought you'd miss us. Where are the others? Listen, there is that small matter of my fee. Oh, of course. Half payment for half of SG-1. Two-fifths, actually. - It's a small quibble, but... - Don't help. Look, it is not my fault that only two of them showed up. Of course. Take care of him. Look, I... I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll be seeing you again, so... (BORZIN GIGGLES) No, I think not. Put them in the hold. Don't worry, Sam. It's all part of the plan. Each division of Lucian Alliance territory is controlled by one of Netan's lieutenants, or "seconds," as they're called. There are about 20 such individuals overseeing operations including smuggling, extortion, racketeering, and of course, trafficking in Kassa. Is there anything new coming? Because this feels like a rerun to me. Well, we've been following up on rumors of betrayal and possible mutiny among the seconds. There seems to be mounting dissent over Netan's leadership. Well, that's good, but how does it help us? Kefflin, one of Netan's most loyal and trusted seconds. He oversees a large Kassa production operation on a remote group of planets on the outskirts of the galaxy. LANDRY: What about him? Besides the fact that he's a brutal killer with a notorious temper... We only know of him by reputation, sir. He's extremely reclusive, and rarely, if ever, leaves his command ship. Very few, if any, of Netan's inner circle have ever met the guy. You think this Kefflin is behind the disappearance of the <i>Odyssey?</i> No, sir. I think he's the perfect candidate to impersonate. Excuse me? I am suggesting that I infiltrate the Lucian Alliance. It's the only way we're gonna get reliable information on the <i>Odyssey.</i> You don't even have a decent picture of the man. That's what makes him the perfect candidate, sir. Reole chemical. Dr. Jackson used it a few years back to infiltrate a System Lord summit. One jab of that, and Netan will believe I am who I say I am regardless of what I look like. No one else will question me because no one else has ever seen him. So you think. I'm not saying it isn't risky, sir. I'm saying we have to do something. How are you holding up? I'm working as slowly as I can, but I can't keep it up forever. Do you have any idea what they're planning on doing with the ship? - Or us, for that matter? - No, but without the transponder, Stargate Command doesn't have a hope in hell of finding us. Our only chance is to take this ship back. Well, I have an idea about that, but it's pretty risky. Well, it's probably better than our plan. - Well, what's your plan? - We don't have one. (ALARM SOUNDING) They have detected us, Colonel Mitchell. Are you prepared? Prepared as I'll ever be. State your business. I'm Kefflin. I'm here to see Netan. - You are not expected. - I don't have to be expected. Authorize me for immediate transport, or I'll have your head as an ornament for my ship. I will notify Netan of your arrival. - Where is Netan? - I will take you to him. Fine. Let's go. First, you must submit to a search. I don't think so. (GRUNTS) (GRUNTS) I asked not to be disturbed. I apologize, Netan, but there has been an incident. (GROANS) I tried to tell them who I was, but apparently, the name "Kefflin" didn't seem to mean much around here. Sorry about that. The ring was a gift from my latest conquest. My dear friend Kefflin is here, and you didn't inform me? I'm sorry, Master. You asked not to be disturbed. So, you beat him instead? As you can see, the beating wasn't entirely one way. (NETAN LAUGHS) I'm sure it wasn't. Leave us. What? It is not too late to turn this ship over to Netan. You would be a hero. You know I can't do that. Netan has failed the Alliance, and his position as leader hangs precariously by a thread. He knows I am his most worthy challenger, but he could not very well just murder me in cold blood, so he sent us on a fool's quest. - But we succeeded. - Yes, and this is going to ensure the downfall of Netan. But why was it necessary to also bait a trap to capture SG-1? Because everyone knows that they have caused us more grief than any other adversary, including the Ori. All the seconds, including me, have begged Netan to go after them, but he refused. He's a coward, choosing to run and hide rather than face the wrath of the Tau'ri. Will we not? We have brought their battleship to its knees. What are they going to do? After I present <i>Odyssey</i> and SG-1 to the others, Netan's stuffed corpse will be a trophy on my wall, and control of the Lucian Alliance will be mine. It's been a disappointing season, my friend. Drought and floods have ravaged our highest-yielding Kassa plantations, the armies of the Ori continue to usurp the planets upon which we've established trade, - and, of course, there's the Tau'ri. - Yes. Committing our ships to co-operate in the fight against the Ori incursion was a strategic mistake. You've always appreciated my honesty in the past. I have. You're the boss. I don't blame you, but others do. I know. NETAN ON RADIO: Is that why you're here? The Kefflin I know would never make such a trip without a serious purpose. MITCHELL: Actually, it's the Odyssey. The Tau'ri vessel. Word reached me you just captured it. I wanted to know your plans. Its beaming and hyperspace technology could be a great advantage in transporting my crops. - Where did you hear this? - The usual channels. I heard rumor that the <i>Odyssey</i> was destroyed in battle with the Ori. Nothing has been confirmed yet. I certainly had nothing to do with it. Netan, a ship has been detected in proximity. We are moving to intercept. (CHUCKLES) Teal'c. I'm beginning to think you enjoy being my prisoner. Sorry. I accidentally overloaded a power coupling. (GRUNTS) Where is the rest of your team? (VASHIN GROANS) That man knows nothing of torture. I'll find what we need. I was wondering how long you'd be able to resist. If you don't mind, I'm going to need some time alone with him. All right, we have to find a way to get you out of here. Have you found the location of the <i>Odyssey?</i> Not yet. I don't think Netan knows where it is either, and he's definitely having some trouble with his seconds. - Then you must maintain this ruse. - No, Teal'c, and not at your expense, no. There are other lives at stake, Mitchell. Fine. Just remember, I am an expert torturer. (SCREAMS) (TEAL'C SCREAMING) Something's going on in the hold. Go do a head count. (GRUNTS) Vashin, make room. This is Kefflin. I thought you did not like to show your face. I'm seeing a therapist. This is Gavos. Slaviash. Karug, Millic, Rameris. What did you learn from the Jaffa? Apparently, the rumors are true. The <i>Odyssey</i> is still out there, in the hands of Anateo. The Tau'ri are in possession of an audio recording, which indicates that he's in control of it. I ordered the attack on the <i>Odyssey.</i> It is time the Tau'ri were sent a message. Where is the ship? I don't know. Anateo has betrayed us. Are you saying he succeeded in capturing the ship? He hasn't reported in yet. GAVOS: The Tau'ri vessel is most powerful. You could not have possibly expected him to survive. NETAN: I gave him a strategy that vastly improved his odds. He came to me several months ago demanding more territory, as his planets had been overrun by the armies of the Ori. He suggested that he eliminate you, Karug, take over your planets. Anateo hasn't just captured the <i>Odyssey.</i> He's using it to bait a trap for SG-1. He has lost his mind. The Tau'ri will declare all-out war on us. You should have consulted with us, Netan. (GRUNTS) I need not consult with anyone! Now, is there anyone else who wants to challenge me? Anateo betrayed us all, and he will pay. And as for the Tau'ri, they were already at war with us, and us with them, and I will not cower in fear. So, spread the word. Send all available ships. I want the <i>Odyssey</i> found. Now! Kefflin. Was it really necessary to embarrass me like that? There have been whispers lately concerning the strength of your leadership. I suspect those whispers will now stop. For the time being. You'll need someone to supervise Gavos' territory. Your cut will be 20%. - Come on! - I'm working as fast as I can... - You stole the <i>Prometheus</i> all by yourself. - I know, the systems are all new. You said you could do it. We do not exactly have a lot of time. No. Sam warned us that a number of the arrays have been damaged. Even with locators, beaming a person from one room to another within the ship is very risky. Do you want them to rematerialize between the decks? (ON RADIO) Teresh, this is Anateo. You missed your check-in. Report. Move! Where are they? Dr. Jackson and Vala! Where are they? Dr. Jackson and Vala! Anateo, we've got a problem. Dr. Jackson, Vala. (ON INTERCOM) Just wanted to let you know that your duplicity has already forfeited Colonel Carter's life. Unless you surrender immediately, the rest of the crew is next. - I can't be sure. - Do it anyway. No one else is going to fix this ship. I think it's pretty clear that you've just been stalling, and that you're not really going to fix it for me anyway. I'm just going to have to figure it out for myself. Good enough. Where is she? Well, I couldn't be sure, so I just beamed out the only other life sign in the room instead. Okay, where is he? Well, Sam did say it was risky. When she's right, she's right. Only 50% of the shield emitters are responding. Okay, we need to get them back online and get the hull integrity back within acceptable parameters. Hyperdrive is our priority. Well, we think most of Anateo's men have been accounted for. - Most? - Yeah, we swept the ship twice, rounded up 14 men in total, but not Solek. Vala had to beam him out of the hold where the crew was being held, so we have no way of knowing for sure where he ended up. Did you check the sewage reservoir? Yeah, no life signs. How's it going here? Well, no shields, no weapons, no communications, and at least a day out for hyperdrive. So, we're sitting ducks. Kefflin, what are you doing? Interrogating the prisoner further. And what have you learned? Not much yet. Fine. Then we can kill him together. - Kill him? - We've learned all we can. Anateo has left us no choice. I am committed to sending a message to the Tau'ri. Netan, I have to admit, I was just beginning to enjoy this one. I'm sorry, my old friend. Your fun is over. VASHIN: Netan! The <i>Odyssey</i> has been found. Tenat, welcome. This is my good friend, Kefflin. It is my pleasure. I have heard a great deal about you, Kefflin. Yeah, likewise. Tell me what you have learned, Tenat, and perhaps I will spare your pathetic life. (LAUGHS) Funny as always, Netan. As you suspected, the <i>Odyssey</i> was never destroyed. Anateo betrayed you and kept it for himself. - Where is it? - Half a day's journey, maybe less. I have transmitted the coordinates to your bridge. - Get to your ship. We'll travel together. - Of course. Wait just a moment, Cam Mitchell. Look, I don't know who you think I am... You are Cam Mitchell, bounty hunter. You double-crossed me and my partner, Jup. What do you want? I do not know how you've managed to convince Netan that you are Kefflin, but you are obviously up to something big here. I will take half. And what about your loyalty to Netan? He would kill me the instant I am no longer of use to him. And Jup, your old partner, where's he? He is working elsewhere at the moment. We need not worry about cutting him in. Fine, 10%. It'll be big, trust me. 30%, or I tell Netan you are not who you say you are. 25%, no more. I'll ring over to your ship before this one jumps to hyperspace and fill you in on the details. Unchain the prisoner. He's coming with me. (GRUNTS) Teal'c! Teal'c! (GRUNTS) I have grown weary of this torture, Colonel Mitchell. That's pretty obvious, but right now, we got to go. You remember Tenat? Yeah, as in Jup and Tenat. Well, he somehow weaseled his way into commanding an Alliance mother ship, and check this out, the incompetent twit actually found the <i>Odyssey.</i> Did he see you? Yeah, recognized me as well, but he's keeping his mouth shut 'cause he figures I'm scamming Netan and he wants a piece of the action. We have to get over to his ship before this one jumps to hyperspace. What is your plan? I'm making it up as I go along. - Tenat. Netan is here to see you. - What? Netan. - I know of your intention to deceive me. - Well, how did you... I knew Colonel Mitchell was impersonating Kefflin all along. Colonel Mitchell? Of SG-1. I caught him and Teal'c trying to leave my ship. No, Netan, you are mistaken. It's true, I knew he wasn't Kefflin, but I was merely trying to lure him here, so I could turn him over to you. That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard! Please, don't kill me. Get up, you pathetic excuse for a... Whatever you are. - What are you going to do to me? - Nothing for the moment. Oh, thank you. You are a generous and gracious man. I say that all the time, don't I, men? Tell him how honored you are to finally meet him in person... Shut up. Stop sniveling. (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Dr. Jackson. If these sensors are working properly, two Goa'uld mother ships just emerged from hyperspace and are closing in. - Sam? - Go ahead. We may need that hyperdrive a little ahead of schedule. How ahead of schedule? In about 10 seconds would be good. We've got company. We need more time. Can you stall? We're about to find out. What's our shield status? - Less than 30%. - Weapons? Rail guns are online, but we don't have missiles yet. One of the ships is hailing us. (CLEARS THROAT) On screen. Dr. Jackson. Oh, right. Hi. Hi, how are you? I was expecting Anateo. Yes, he was here for a while, but then he had to go. Your ship is battered. My scans tell me your shield strength is low, and if you had hyperdrive, you would have left long ago. Surrender now, or be destroyed. Right. Okey-dokey. We surrender. - Prepare to be boarded. - Yeah, see, that's where you're going to run into a bit of a problem. You see, our rings are damaged, and as you yourself pointed out, our shields are down, which means atmosphere in the 302 bays is unsustainable. (STUTTERS) I mean, I just don't see how we're going to get your guys over here, unless you want me to try beaming you over? They're powering weapons. Sam, I think I've stalled as long as I can. - We need more time. - Too late. You should probably prepare to return fire. For the record, I'm always prepared. I just have to press this button here. Right. I just... I thought that's what you're supposed to say, so I... I know. Open fire on the other Ha'tak vessel. - What? - You heard me. - But... - You dare question my tactics? There's a ship full of traitors out there waiting to unseat me as leader of the Lucian Alliance. Fire now! You shall be richly rewarded with vast territories to command. Fire on the other Ha'tak vessel. One of the mother ships is firing at the other. Receiving radio signal. (ON RADIO) Odyssey, this is Teal'c. Do you copy? - Teal'c? - Daniel Jackson. It is good to hear your voice. Colonel Mitchell and I are onboard one of the mother ships. Request that you beam us aboard the Odyssey immediately. Yeah. Locking on their locator beacons. What are you doing? Netan? What? TENAT: How? I thought this was Netan. Jackson, what are you doing sitting there? - What are you wearing? - It's a long story. You are the biggest fool in two galaxies! But Netan, I... I screwed up. It's the wrong one. You can't just jam it in. - How did you do that? - Honestly, I don't know. That almost never normally works. Daniel, try it now. (EXPLOSION) Shield failure is imminent. Damn you, Cam Mitchell. You know, you're very lucky that no one else on the bridge of that ship knew what Netan looked like. Yeah, it was a gamble, but I figured if I got made, or if the chemical jab on Tenat didn't work after half an hour, I'd take the bridge by force. I had a pissed-off Jaffa waiting to help me out. - Where's Teal'c? - Oh, he's in the infirmary. Yeah, big boy got banged up a bit. Hey, what happened? How did you get the Lucian Alliance to fire on each other? Oh, you'll love this. Before you tell us, I got long-range communications back online, and sent a message to Earth telling them that we'll be coming home. Yeah. You should probably add