like that, Sam will be headlining in Vegas. Okay, stop. The performance of the device did exceed all expectations, General Landry. I'm telling you, sir, a few tweaks here and there, we'll be able to hide anything we want, troops, ships, planets. It's a lot more complicated than that, sir, but I do think we're ready for a large-scale test. Good. Get changed. I may have just the thing. Colonel Reynolds has been conducting reconnaissance on P9C-882, as part of the ongoing mission to track the Ori advance in the galaxy. Approximately four hours ago, the people of 882 were visited by a Prior. Let me guess. He made them an offer they couldn't refuse. With a slight twist. He told them to build this. I take it you've seen that before? Yes. They use these to burn people alive who don't follow their rules. He gave them three days, at which time, he said he'd return to check their progress. - What has been the villagers' response? - Already rejected the idea. They lived under the Goa'uld for centuries. They're not about to give up their freedom again. They've asked for our help. You want to use Sam's device to make them disappear. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on a second. First of all, it's Merlin's device. And second, while I agree the modifications I've made have potential, it's far from ready to deploy in the field on that scale. But I'm sure that that's not what the General is proposing. Actually, Colonel, that is what I'm proposing. The IOA has reviewed the reports of your experiments, and they think it's time to take this new technology out of the lab. I happen to agree with them. With respect, sir, you're talking about trying to hide an entire village of people. I realize it's a tall order, Colonel, but we seem to have a three-day window here. Any chance you can make the necessary adjustments in that time? Can do, sir. Not a problem. Good. What? Don't look at me like that. You've got a village to save. You have returned. Bless us all. SG-1, this is Thilana, leader of the village. This is Colonel Mitchell, Teal'c, Vala and Colonel Carter. I cannot express our thanks to you in coming to our aid. It's our pleasure. We are at your service. The building we have selected is this way. Matar. - Allow me to carry this. - Thank you. Don't you just love helping people? I hope this location is suitable for you. I can have the rest of these things removed, if you'd like. No, it's great. Thank you. For years, my ancestors were forced to record the true history of our people in secret, beyond the eyes of the Goa'uld. This room now houses their legacy. It seemed appropriate you do your work here. I'm flattered. I must admit, Colonel Carter, some of my people are concerned about what this machine will do. I would like to be able to reassure them. Yeah, of course. Let me walk you through it. Basically, this machine shifts all matter within a preset range, in this case the entire village, into another dimension. So, when the Prior returns, he won't be able to see or hear you. In fact, he'll be able to walk right through you. But don't worry, it doesn't hurt at all. And it is just temporary, just long enough to fool the Prior. Once he leaves, we can put everything back to normal. (PEOPLE CHATTERING) Sam's all set. Colonel Reynolds and his team are standing by at the gate. Reynolds, this is Mitchell. Remember, we're going to be out of radio contact once we go out of phase. Understood. Listen up, folks. We're going to try a little disappearing act here. Please remember to keep your arms and legs inside the village at all times, until we come to a complete and final stop. (ALL MURMURING) Blank stares work, too. Sam, light her up. Copy that. (BEAMING) We have the craziest job in the world. Dial us out, Lieutenant. Thank you. Tonight, we honor our newest friends from Earth, whose wisdom, generosity and kindness have allowed us to resist those who wished to return us to slavery. We extend to you our deepest and most sincere thanks. (ALL EX CLAIMING) What was that? I think the displacement field collapsed. I'll go check it out. Okay, I've got some good news and some bad news. Good first. Well, in order to bring everything back completely, the machine has to maintain a connection with every single molecule that it sends out of phase. Now, obviously, that requires a lot of energy, so I implemented a fail-safe that would automatically bring everything back into our own dimension in the event of a power disruption. And such a disruption occurred? Well, it was just a slight fluctuation, but it was enough to trigger the fail-safe. So what do we do? Actually, that's the problem. I thought I'd stabilized the power supply. Can you fix it? - You will not abandon us? - We're not. But is there a safe place that you can take your people? A planet, maybe, you're familiar with? Won't the Prior find us wherever we go? MATAR: Then perhaps we should consider heeding the Prior's wishes. No. I will not stand by while we are once again subjugated into serving false gods. We must stand our ground. The Prior is very powerful. Then, please, you must help us. - Don't give up on us yet. - We're not. - Coffee! - Thank you. Don't get too excited. They packed us decaf by mistake. Teal'c's gone to the gate to watch for the Prior. Look, I hate to rush you, Sam, but we gotta make a decision about this. Landry was pretty clear, we're not to let this thing fall into enemy hands. I know. I've rigged an Ancient capacitor, similar to the kind used in the stargates, between the device and the generators. It should collect the power and, hopefully, feed it more evenly. Well, that sounds great. Colonel Mitchell, do you read? Loud and clear, Teal'c. What's up? Our time. WOMAN: What is it? They're checking for the monument. Sam, we got fighters circling. How are you coming with that disappearing act? Just a few more minutes. Get these people inside, now. - Go. - Not you. Teal'c, buddy, looks like we could use you back here now. I am on my way. Colonel Mitchell, an Ori fighter has deposited a ring platform outside the village. Now a ground force is headed your way. All right, this way. Come with me. - Have you ever fired a gun before? - No. All right, blank stares aren't going to cut it this time. Listen up. Pull this. Aim there. Squeeze that. All right, yeah. Just make sure that this end is pointed away from you, and anyone else you don't want to kill. Pass these out to whoever wants them. We can't hold them off forever, you know. I know. They're splitting up, trying to flank us. (GROANS) (GUNS FIRING) (MEN GRUNTING) (GROANING) (GUN FIRES) Sam? It's okay. You're going to be okay. (GASPING) Stay where you are! No, no. Hey, hey. You're going to be fine. Just stay with me. MAN: Search the building. - All right, we have to move. - We can't. Sam, we have to. The device... All right. Yeah. No! You can't destroy it. Well, what do you want me to do? I can't carry you and all that junk! Activate it. (GROANS) Keep moving! - It's no good. They're fried. - (GASPING) All of them? Well, we've got one working. Bypass the other two, connect the leads. (BUZZING) All right, what's next? There's a macro on the main control screen. I have no idea where that is! Sam? Sam! That's it, I think. Well, it better be it. Where'd it go? What just happened? How did that building disappear? Perhaps it was the will of the gods. All those who oppose the Ori shall perish. Stop. Commander, all those here have resisted with force. And they shall be punished. Tomin. Have her taken to the rings. Transport her to the ship. Kill the rest. No! Tomin, no! No! (FIRING) (PEOPLE GROANING) Hold still, hold still. Hang on. This'll help you. (CONTINUES GASPING) How long was I out? Well, unfortunately, not long enough for me to finish this. Just hang on. What's going on outside? The shooting has stopped. The Ori army is in control. Cam! Damn it, Sam! - Don't scare me like that. - What? The device is on. I forgot to mention that. Yeah. I don't know how big the field is. I think you and I are the only ones inside it. Teal'c and Vala? Well, I tried to contact them on the radio, but there was no response. - Well, that could mean anything. - It could. We'll pull through this, Sam. Why are you still wearing the clothes of a blasphemer? If I put on this dress and say, "Hallowed are the Ori," will you stop mass murdering innocent people? Tomin, wait. I know you think that everything that comes out of my mouth is a lie. I've deceived you too many times to change that now, but there's one thing I want you to know that is the truth. There were real moments between us. I did fall in love with you. In your heart, you were a good man, not because Origin told you to be. I know you can't possibly like what you've become, what this "faith" has made you do. After all that time we spent together, you still know nothing about me. I know you must still love me. Why else would I be here? If it were up to me, I would light the fire that would burn you alive for your desecration. The only reason you are still here is because it was so ordered by the Orici. You will remain in this room. You will see no one. You will speak to no one. You will be educated in the ways of Origin until such time as evil no longer possesses you. No, Tomin. I'm street-smart. That's always got me by. But I have to warn you, I've never been much for school. I am to teach you. This is my punishment for allowing you to deceive me. If you continue to resist, you will die. Teal'c. Thilana, I am happy to see that you are uninjured. You as well. Where is the rest of your team? - I was hoping that you had seen them. - I have not. I have spoken to many others, Thilana. We have decided that, as village leader, you must go forward to the Prior and embrace Origin on our behalf. What? You have no right. - You see how powerful they are. - A poor reason to abandon one's beliefs. This no longer concerns you. Your attempts to have us resist have only led to death. My concerns extend to those who would worship false gods. The Ori are not worthy of your devotion. Well, gods or not, their power is real. The same cannot be said for your people. You pledged to protect us, but when the time came, you failed to do so. We have no choice. We shall bow down to the Ori and beg for their mercy or we shall all perish. It's getting worse? Not getting better. - Listen, I've been thinking... - Uh-oh. Yeah. Dangerous, I know. I can leave the field and still stay out of phase, right? So, I was thinking I'd take some C4, plant it around the village, come back here, use the explosions as a distraction to... What? You haven't heard the rest of the plan. You can't leave the device here. Well, I was going to save some C4 for that as well. Well, I was going to save some C4 for that as well. You cannot sacrifice the device for me. It's still our best chance against the Ori. No offense, but that gizmo's not showing a whole lot of promise right now. It'll work. I just wasn't ready for this. I'm probably not going to make it either way. No. Don't you start to talk like that. Cam, we have to face the fact that I am going to die here. No, I don't have to face that fact, because I am not going to let it happen. I appreciate that. But the truth is, even if you manage to create a distraction and destroy the device, you are never going to get me to the gate by yourself. - Yes, I will. - Not alive. "So it came to pass that Ver Omesh was gripped by a great famine. "So Markon went to the prophet Articus and asked to go to the forest for food." How many people have you killed? Do you keep track? Put little notches in your Ori belt? "The prophet bade him be patient, for the Ori provide for all who have faith. "But Markon did not believe." Do you remember their faces? Or are there too many of them? Hundreds? Thousands? "So the prophet drew a line in the sand, and told him, "'Step across, and you may do as you wish.' "So Markon did, and left the village, and feasted on wild berries." What about the stories in there that are all about not... Enough! They were each given a chance to save themselves. Those who do not walk the path are not worthy. You can preach all you want to me, Tomin, but I know that's not what you believe. "The fruit was bitter and did not satisfy him. "He longed to return to the village, "but found that the line had widened to a great chasm." I've read the book. I've read it. I understand why you think it's so important. The words give you comfort, and, at face value, it appears to be as if they're trying to inspire the best out of people. "He called out to the prophet in fear, but the prophet said, "'The line has not changed."' - Honesty, morality... - "It is you who have changed. - "Step across if you truly believe..." - This whole crusade is a manipulation. Nothing in there says that those who don't believe should be massacred. "So Markon prayed for forgiveness, and took the first step." Where does it say that, Tomin? - Where does it say that? - "And the hands of the Ori enveloped..." The Ori are not gods. (GRUNTS) You should kill me now. There is a building in the village square that disappeared upon our arrival. You will tell me what trickery is being used to conceal it. I am Thilana, leader of this village. We do not know what magic is at work. But it strikes me by your asking us lowly peasants. You are saying that the great power of the Ori cannot see past such deception? I ask you so that you may show the Ori the error of your ways. If you do not bow, your village will be burned to the ground. - Wait! - Matar, no. She would stand by while more of our people are murdered? To protect the identities of those who have failed us? What do you speak of? This man is not of our village. He came with the others to try to conceal us. You have served the Ori well, my friend. Seize him! Both of them as well. Forgive me for striking you. Hitting me is nothing compared to the lives that you mercilessly extinguished. You can never make up for that, Tomin. I thought that I could save you, but I realize now it's too late. Yes, it is. You'll never see me again. One last story from me. A long time ago, some people just like you and me, over time, evolved, and they became so advanced that they figured out how to turn themselves into energy, and ascend to a higher plane of existence. I know, it sounds crazy, but it happened. Then they discovered that if regular humans worshipped them, that made them more powerful. So they used their knowledge to make as many people as they could, and then created a religion that would force them to prostrate in their name. The more prostrating, the more power. The religion said that these beings were benevolent, but they couldn't offer their followers ascension because that would mean they'd have to share their power. They'd just use people up and throw them away. I know I'll never convince you otherwise, but everything you believe is a lie. Tell me what you know. Please, Prior, we were misled. The outsiders tried to convince us the Ori were false gods. - Matar. - Forgive us, for we are now ready to embrace the teachings of Origin with open hearts. Tell me. Do you know how the outsiders have concealed themselves? This is not good. Hey. Carter, wake up. No sleeping. - My laptop. There's a file. - You want me to get it? In my personal directory. Letters, mostly. Sam. One to Cassie and some other people. Password's "fishing." See? Now you're going to have to change the password. Sam, don't give up on me. You've got to think of my position here. I worked my ass off to get this team back together. Now we've lost... Well, we've lost Jackson. I can't lose you, too. I've spent my entire life dedicated to science. The last 10 years trying to convince people they believed in false gods. I don't feel like science is going to help me. Right now, I'm just hoping that, somewhere, one of those gods... My grandma used to say, "God is like a prairie windstorm. "If you look too hard, you get dust in your eyes, "but there's still plenty of ways you know it's there." Is that what you believe? I generally just nodded until she gave me a macaroon. (CHUCKLES) There is one thing that I do know is true. The mind is a powerful thing. No matter who or what you believe in, sometimes belief itself makes all the difference in the world. You just don't give up. Tell yourself whatever you have to. Just believe you're going to make it, Sam. Crap. Guess your little bag of tricks don't work on us, huh? Show yourself or this village will be destroyed. Score one for science. Prior, I beg forgiveness for my failure in teaching the mother of the Orici. You have only just begun, Tomin. Please allow me to recuse myself. She is intolerable. I fear I will be of no further use. My skills are much better spent as a commander. Indeed. You have proven yourself a ruthless and skillful warrior and a fine leader. Thank you. I'll head straight back down to the planet. That won't be necessary. We are done here. I'm sorry, I don't understand. - The village will be destroyed. - Why? They have been touched by evil. There is no salvation for them. But we eliminated all of the unbelievers. Not all of them. I thought the village had capitulated. If you'll allow me... Markon walked away from the Ori to satisfy his hunger, but no matter how much he ate, he did not feel full. Realizing his mistake, he ran back to the Ori, but they denied his pleas and struck down the village that welcomed him back. Forgive me, Prior, but I was reviewing that very passage just this morning. Markon prayed for forgiveness and took the first step... And the hands of the Ori enveloped all those who welcomed him back. The village was destroyed. All those who stand by and accept transgressions must be punished. That is not the implication of the text, Prior. The Ori granted forgiveness when Markon realized his mistake, and blessed the village with their light for showing him the way back to the path. You dare question my judgment? No, it's just not how I was taught. There are many words, but only one truth. They're going to clear out and bomb the village from orbit. I reckon we'll be okay. The device will be preserved, and they'll go away thinking they've wiped us out. But they're going to kill all those people. I know. So what are we going to do about it? Teal'c. I'm so sorry. I told the Prior of the device. He decreed that the village will be destroyed if your friends do not show themselves. Stand aside, Thilana. What do you think you're doing? He must be sacrificed to show the Ori we are not allied with them. You will do no such thing. If you stand in the way, you, too, will be shown no mercy. So what we've got to do is we have to expand the field around the village just for a little while. There's not enough power. Carter, come on! There's got to be something. (GROANS) Hang on, hang on. I'll get you some morphine. Wait. I need to think clearly. There might still be a way. Matar, killing Teal'c will prove nothing. If these gods are truly worthy of our devotion, then pray to them. No god should ever ask you to kill an innocent man to prove your sanctity. I know you're afraid. We all are. But if you are going to die, let us die in noble peace and truth of spirit. TOMIN: Why do they not reveal themselves? - Who? - Your friends. They're concealing a building on the planet's surface. The Prior plans to destroy the village because of them. Hundreds will die because of your friends' treachery. - Innocent people. - Yes. - You're not happy about that. - No. He twisted the meaning. - Who? - The Prior. He changed the meaning of the story of Markon to suit the situation, to justify killing the villagers. Well, if you think that's wrong, you should do something about it. He's a Prior. Tomin, those people down there don't have to die, and you're the only one who can do something about it. You want to use this? The power crystal in Merlin's device was depleted. That's why we needed the naquadah generators. I'm sorry, is that not apples and oranges? Ancient and Ori technology is similar. We could make it work for a short time. All right. So, what do I do? Put the crystal in the back of the device. Got it. It's too big. It doesn't fit. - Power interface adapter. - What? Connector. Generator to Ancient tech. (SIGHING) Carter! Carter. You've had a lot of morphine. So I want you to explain it to me so that it makes sense. - Excuse me, Prior. - Come in, Tomin. It is good that you have seen your way clear. Hallowed are those who walk in unison. Forgive me, Prior, but I am still troubled. I believe we are in error. The people of the village have expressed a willingness to seek the truth. I believe they are in earnest. Do not the Ori wish all who seek their wisdom to follow the path? I'm disappointed, Tomin. It seems that you have begun to question the will of the Ori. Or is it the unbeliever under your tutelage that has corrupted you? No, I have not begun to question the will of the Ori, but I have begun to question the interpretation of their words. No matter what you say, I will not believe the <i>Book of Origin</i> asks us to massacre innocent people, and I will not stand by while the holy doctrine of good will and faith that I have sworn to uphold is twisted into a hammer and used to beat people down! How dare you? (EX CLAIMS) That's a good sign. That's easy for you to say, you with the little flesh wound. - All right, what next? - Laptop. (MOANS) - You okay? - No. Right. Behold, the hand of the Ori at work. What happened? - Come with me. - Let go of me. The Prior destroyed the village. There was nothing I could do. Now keep silent, please, for both our sakes. The ship is about to break orbit. They'll probably kill me for this, but I'm going to ring you down to the planet. - Come with me. Please, Tomin. - You're right, I still love you. Then come. - This is all that I can do. - No, Tomin, you can do more. (BEEPING) Hello? Anyone? Vala Mal Doran. Colonel Carter was able to expand the range of the device in time. Colonel Mitchell. Vala Mal Doran is here. That's good news. Do we know if that ship has left? - As far as I know, it has. - Okay. Look, Carter's in bad shape. We need a med team here right away. Hey there. - You're looking better. - CARTER: Thanks. A few more weeks and I should be back in action. Yeah. No, I don't want to rush you. - Listen, Cam... - Sam, don't say a word. Here. I baked you some macaroons. - You baked them? - Yeah, Grandma's recipe. - Wow. Thanks. - Go on, try one. You know what? Maybe a little later. - You don't like macaroons? - It's just that I'm still a little queasy. Well, try one. They'll make you feel better. Here, I'll get you a good one. Pretty good, huh? Actually, they are pretty good. - You hate it.