Just relax. Give your vision a moment to adjust. You haven't used it for a while. - How's that? - Better. Your eyes... It's nice to finally see them. Leda. Welcome back. Where am I? Many miles from the city. This house belonged to my uncle. We're safe here. The city. I remember being there. Something terrible happened. Many people died. - There's food, if you feel strong enough. - It's our fault, isn't it? None of this would have happened if we hadn't come. You're alive. And considering what you've been through, that alone is a miracle. First discovered in the Kirellian wastelands over 150 years ago, and the highlight of our antiquities collection, the Great Ring of Avidan. Researchers estimate the Ring to be at least several thousand years old. And while its origin remains a subject of debate, many believe it was created by ancient worshippers to honour their gods. It's thought that the peculiar symbols on the Ring represent the names of the gods. But no one has been able to decipher... ..exactly what they mean. Get back! Commander Gareth. In the name of the people of the Rand Protectorate, I welcome you. - You're Colonel Carter? - This is Teal'c and Dr Daniel Jackson. It is a pleasure to finally meet you all face to face. But, please, come. We have many questions, as I'm sure you do as well. Sorry we scared the tourists. We've made contact with a lot of planets, but this is the first time we've come out of a museum piece. One of our artefacts coming to life was surprising, but that pales in comparison to its purpose. It is almost beyond imagining. - As is the fact that you're human. - My chief aide, Jared Kane. Believe it or not, there's a good reason for us being human. Which we'll get to in due time. Colonel, I hope that once we gain each other's trust, you'll shed some light on the technology that powers the Great Ring. It is unlike anything we have seen before. We call it the Stargate. Our people share the same hope, Commander. Of course. In due time. I take it the Great Ring is a recurring motif in your culture. It is a reminder of traditions that predate our age of enlightenment. Most people wear them more for fashion than for religious belief. Our history tells of an age when all-powerful gods ruled our world. The Ring was supposedly their source of power. These are merely legends from our ancient past. However, the activation of the Ring may cause a stir amongst those few who still follow the old ways. Sorry. I didn't mean to wake you. It's all right. For the pain. I wish I could give you more, but our medicine is in short supply. Thank you. - I'll leave you alone. - No. No, please stay. - How did it go with the... - Caledonians? Not so well, actually. My time with their representatives was limited by Rand security. Gareth had concerns that we'd tell the Caledonians too much about the Stargate. Let me venture a wild guess. They don't get along so good. The Rand Protectorate and the Caledonian Federation are locked in a cold war. Each has enough weapons to wipe the other off the planet. Sounds familiar. There's a third element which has me more concerned. A group of religious fundamentalists led by a man named Soren. These people think that life was created by gods and that these gods will return and reward them for their faith. By coming through the Stargate, we confirmed their beliefs. Because it was in public, the government has been unable to prevent the rumours. These people were considered zealots who took the ancient texts too literally. The gate being activated has given them proof that they were right. - Their numbers will grow. - That's terrible. And yet, not our problem. Let me go back. If what you say is true, things are gonna get a little out of hand over there. - Because of us. If we hadn't... - They'd be far better off, I know. We're always sticking our noses where they don't belong. It's what we do. I could make them see it's not the end of the world. If we leave now, who knows what could happen? We have to help them. You know that. Regular contact. No exceptions. The second things get squirrelly... - Thank you. - Daniel. - Squirrelly. - Squirrelly. You shouldn't be standing. Don't let appearances fool you. I still feel terrible. - Leda, everything you've done for me... - Has been for my sake as well as yours. So much has happened. Caring for you has helped me continue on. Yeah, what has happened, exactly? I mean... I remember being in the bunker with Commander Gareth. We were attacked. - The rest is a fog. - Jared is away searching for survivors. He should be back in a few days. It would be best if he answered your questions. Jared Kane. I remember him. He was in the bunker. My husband was chief aide to Commander Gareth. Husband? Was? He insisted I move here when the fighting reached the capital. He felt you would be safest in my care. I've got to get back to my own world, or contact them and let them know I'm OK. Reaching the Ring would be impossible. Rebel patrols have been sighted. To leave the estate grounds would be dangerous. Not to mention the fact that you are far from healed. You must rest, Daniel. Leda, what happened to Commander Gareth? - Give me good news, Colonel. - I wish I could, sir. We met with Soren, leader of the rebels. It was less constructive than we'd hoped. How much less? We were only allowed to see him for 15 minutes. - After keeping us waiting for hours. - Important matters of state, no doubt. He's united the fundamentalist factions in the Protectorate. That puts him in control. He was unwilling to allow us to search for Daniel Jackson. Before he insisted we leave, he promised he would look into it on our behalf. - Whatever that means. - Right. - What about a UAV? - He won't give us access to the surface. Plus, he claims it would interfere with their own radio communication systems. I'm sorry, sir, but at this point we have no way of knowing if Daniel's still alive. And what does blue mean? It's our second-highest level of military alert status. There's been civil unrest in urban centres across the country. Over a dozen municipalities have fallen into the hands of Soren's troops. - Our forces are pacifying those areas. - Pacifying? Reclaiming our cities from religious madmen. - So civil unrest means you go to blue. - Under normal circumstances, no. Unfortunately, the situation has caused other problems. What's going on? We heightened our alert status to match the Caledonians'. I promise you we will share this technology once we fully understand it. Once you've assessed its advantages to your security. You have refused to allow our scientists access to the Great Ring. You have limited our access to the offworlders. We do not feel as much a part of this discovery as you do. Had the Ring been activated in Caledonia, you would have done the same. Minister Treydan, I am asking your government for patience. Stand down your high alert. We will do the same. You trust your people too much, Commander. Caledonia has been under strict martial law since news of the offworlders' arrival. Our domestic security remains intact. The citizens of this world are not children. They just need time to come to terms with this information. Soren and his followers have already seized more than a dozen of your cities. Your people are panicked. Your country is on the verge of collapse. I urge you to deal with this in a swift and decisive manner. Should control of the Rand Protectorate fall into Soren's hands, we'll consider it an act of war. This is Daniel Jackson calling Stargate Command. Come in, please. This is Daniel Jackson calling Stargate Command. Please respond. This is Daniel Jackson calling Stargate Command. Come in, please. This is Daniel Jackson calling Stargate Command. Please respond. Any luck? No. Nothing yet. You've been trying for days. Something seems to be jamming all the signals I'm picking up. There's people there, but nothing clear enough to respond to. But you think your friends will be able to hear you. It's kind of a timing thing. If the Stargate's open they'll be able to pick up my signal. If your gate isn't buried in rubble, or worse. Well, while you're waiting to be rescued, you could use some fresh air. If you think you're up to it. How can you be sure Soren and his followers aren't right? How can you know that their gods aren't... Benevolent? Cos I've met more than a few of them. Trust me, they're the opposite. And they're definitely not gods. - Then what are they? - The short form? They're a parasitical alien race that steals advanced technology and rules via fear and intimidation and has a penchant for melodrama. Trust me, if Soren ever met one, he'd be singing a different tune. You said you've fought them and won. Yeah. We got lucky a few times, that's all. But there's hope, isn't there? You think what happened was your fault, don't you? It was better that your people activated the Great Ring than the Goa'uld. - You think so? Right now, I'm not so sure. - You didn't know what would happen. When the fighting began, you could have gone back to your planet, but you stayed. - Yeah. - To help us. - For all the good it did. - Daniel... There has been distrust between our country and Caledonia for generations. It was only a matter of time before something set it off. We did this to ourselves. And since you've come here, I've begun to think we may have a chance to undo it. To rebuild. This is Stargate Command calling Dr Jackson. Do you read me? - Can you boost the signal? - We're at maximum gain, Colonel. This is Stargate Command calling Daniel Jackson. Do you copy? - Anything? - Not yet, sir. We're picking up transmissions, but none are clear enough to tell if they're Daniel. Both sides may have employed radio- jamming measures prior to the attack, meaning any signals coming from outside the command bunker are a mess. - We're working on it. - Anything from SG-9 yet? They just reported in. Sounds like the negotiations are going nowhere. Soren is still refusing to allow us to send teams to look for Daniel. He said our presence on the planet would only cause more panic and fear. Well, OK. Sounds like I should meet these people myself. Kane. Dr Jackson. We got as close to what was left of the capital as we could. Soren is conducting full sweeps of the region, searching for survivors. Any suspected of remaining loyal to the old government are executed on the spot. Haven't enough people died? I don't think that matters to him. It's about continuing chaos, not peace. You're right. People are too afraid to fight back. Most have given up hope. It's just a matter of time before they pledge loyalty to Soren. Kane, what the hell happened that night? I remember being in the bunker and then waking up here. It was the end. I'm sorry, Dr Jackson, you really can't be in here right now. I heard something about the Stargate being moved. Rebels have seized Rand's major cities, including sections of the capital. We had the Stargate moved into the bunker complex for security purposes. What are the Caledonians doing? Their missile systems are deployed and primed. As a result, we've done the same. It might be best if you return to your planet now. Commander. Minister Treydan for you on a coded frequency. Put him through. We've monitored your country and we're most concerned. I understand, Minister. Rest assured, we are close to reclaiming vital areas... Now is not the time for rhetoric. Our reports indicate large elements of your military are on the brink of mutiny. Your civil unrest has become a civil war. Should any of your weapons fall into the wrong hands, no one in my country would be safe. That will not happen. I can promise you. Just as you promised our scientists full access to the Stargate. You hide information about the alien device, and now you deny your country has slipped into chaos. We respected the guidelines of our treaty to the letter. Our report outlined everything we know... Except what you deemed advantageous to your national security. One moment, Minister. Rebel forces just detonated an explosive device near one of our missile facilities. As of this moment we understand the facility to be compromised. Forgive me. I must cut our conversation short. My intelligence advisers have just informed me of a massive explosion near one of your missile facilities. Is this true? We are gathering information. We will contain... The time for containment is long past, Commander. We cannot allow your missiles to fall into Soren's hands. Treydan, give us time. This need not escalate. We are targeting your missiles only. If you do not wish a full-scale war, you will not retaliate. Treydan! Commander, we've detected multiple launch signals from Caledonian positions. It could've been contained if Soren hadn't gained control of one of our sites and counterattacked Caledonia. After that it devolved into a full-scale war. Within a matter of days, all our cities were levelled. Only a fraction of our population has survived, existing mainly in outlying areas. As for the Caledonians, I've heard they're trying to rebuild what they can. It won't be much. They struck first, but our missiles were much more accurate. And Soren? He used the chaos to make his move on the bunker. Then how did you save me? Actually, from what I understand, it was you who saved me. Kane. - This is insane. - Soren's forces are moving in. I can get you to the Stargate, but we have to go now. This way. Here, through that door. Get down! Loyalist soldiers found us first and got us out of the city. Your wounds were worse than mine. Bringing you here was the only option. What happened to Commander Gareth? He was executed shortly after the bunker fell. Since he took power, Soren has set up a government - not that there's much of Rand left to govern. However, we do know he does control whatever's left of the bunker complex. Including the Stargate. I'm sorry, Dr Jackson. Howdy, fellas. Welcome to Earth. General O'Neill, it is an honour. I greet you in the name of our great nation - Avidan. - You changed the name? - "Avidan" speaks to our people's beliefs. It is from an ancient Goa'uld dialect. It means "the gods are just". Good choice. So, you're saying that Soren is still using the bunker as a command centre? Damage in the city would be too severe. Then he hasn't totally consolidated his power yet, has he? If we could retake the bunker, we'd effectively overthrow Soren. The bunker's heavily fortified and I have only a dozen men. It'd be suicide. Not with help. If I could reach my friends, we could regain control of the gate. If you could reach them. I know that you've been trying to make radio contact with your planet. Without success. I understand your wish to return, but it simply isn't possible. This isn't about that. My people can help you. Like you helped us before? I admire your passion, but too much has happened to fix with one heroic action. We have to accept the fact that Soren has won. Rand belongs to him now. It is obvious you revere the Great Ring as much as we do, General O'Neill. Oh, yeah. We love the old gal. Quite possibly for different reasons than you. We both seek to defend our way of life, do we not? To protect their very existence. You do not represent the people of your world. You kill those who believe differently. You speak what is on your mind. I admire that. Actually, in your case... he's holding back. Carter? We're prepared to offer aid in exchange for help in locating Daniel Jackson. Food and medical supplies, plus support personnel to help stabilise the situation. You cannot truly believe that your friend is still alive? Oh, he's a resourceful fella. Your offer is most generous, but I'm afraid we must decline. We are, however, particularly interested in your weapons technology. Your people are facing starvation and disease. What has happened to our world is most unfortunate. And yet vital. Those who refused to believe needed to be purged from existence so that we could begin anew. You know, in these parts, we like to call that "crimes against humanity". If all you care about is spiritual salvation, what do you need the weapons for? The revolution is not yet complete. You want to take over Caledonia too. As I said, the revolution is not yet complete. - Leda, you have to talk to your husband. - What am I supposed to say to him? That it's not too late to regain control, to rebuild - everything you told me before. Daniel, I can't. - Why? - Because I'd be lying. Jared is right. Those unlucky enough to live through what's happened will die soon enough, either through disease or one of Soren's purges. There is no future. Leda, you were right. There is hope. Don't doubt that, please. - You believe your people can help us? - Yes. And what if you do overthrow Soren? What then? You simply leave? When Jared became part of Commander Gareth's inner circle, he... changed. He became remote... and distant. I'd forgotten what it was like just to talk to someone. To feel. Leda. I'll speak to him, Daniel. But he won't hear me. Waste of time. Waste. I think the fact he hasn't left yet could mean he's still willing to deal. He has no need for humanitarian aid. The chaos has only strengthened his position. Well, we can't just give up. Yes, I know that. We're continuing to monitor radio signals from the planet. One could be from Daniel. - If we can find a way to contact him... - Find it! Yes, sir. It's madness. It will wipe out any chance to mount a unified resistance in the future. But what if he's right? What if this is our best opportunity to defeat Soren? You would have me throw away my life, and the lives of my men, so Daniel can return to his world? It's not about that. It's about rebuilding our world. His friends can help us do that. Jared, our people need this. You mean he needs this. - I'm not blind. I know you've grown close. - Jared, it's not what you think. Let me speak. If I could live the last few years differently, Leda, I would. I would make the time. But we no longer have the luxury for regrets. I need to know. Do you love him? Leda? I trust him. Once order is established, the people of Avidan will live differently than before - simply, humbly, waiting for our gods' inevitable return. You know, we've met these gods upon whom you're so hot, and, trust me, they're not what you think they are. They will reward your worship with enslavement. You are not the first to try to sway our beliefs, but I can assure you our faith is unshakable. This is not about faith. This is about a means to power. That went well. Sir, you better get up here. - What? - By implementing new spread-spectrum... Carter. Carter, Carter. Hello? Guys? - We found him. - Sweet. - Daniel? - <i>Jack?</i> - <i>Nice to hear your voice.</i> - Likewise. Coming home, or what? Trying to. As soon as I find my kel tesh. - What? - <i>Uh...</i> Looks a lot like my rin kol nok. You know, I lent it to you for, uh, grel-kar kree-nor day. - He's changed. - Sir, he's speaking Goa'uld. Rin kol nok means strategy. Kel tesh speaks of a well-known Jaffa battle tactic - a flanking attack from two sides. Yes, Daniel. I remember exactly where I put it. Any other thoughts? No, just that I hope someone's been feeding my lo assak while I've been away. We've pieced together all the Goa'uld words. If Teal'c's translations are correct, he's suggesting a strategy. He's proposing a coordinated attack. We come through the gate at the same time as Daniel enters from the surface. I'm thinking we take SGs 3, 6, and 12 as backup. We go in hot, secure the gate, then extract Daniel. He supplied an estimate of Soren's forces, as well as a date and time for the assault. Our next communication is in five hours. All we need to do is confirm everything and, of course, get a go from you. All right. Well, not to nitpick or anything here, T, but... are you sure you got it right? I am certain, O'Neill. OK. Go. 15 men? That's hardly enough. These are some of the best on my planet, trained for missions like this. Trust me. If we're gonna do this, we have to set it up now. They're waiting for your response. Jared, a rebel patrol is approaching. - Hide in the cellar. - Leda... I know what to do. In the name of Soren, open the door. Inspection. - Stand aside. - Please, tell me what you're looking for. - Who owns this house? - I do. - And who else lives here? - No one. You're hurting me. We know loyalists are in the area. Collaboration is punishable by death. Search the house. There's no one else here, but we found men's clothes and boots. - Who else lives here? - My husband did. He died last month from wounds suffered during the bombings. Please... I only wish to lead a simple life, as it is written in the ancient texts. There's nothing here. Let's move. Once we're close, use the city's tunnels to get to one of the bunker's access points. We'll wait for Dr Jackson's people to make their move, then we make ours. Understood? Let's hope your friends keep their end of the bargain. - If this works... - You'll be going home. - Leda, I... - No. Go. Several posts are no longer reporting in. Loyalists have managed to take several key sections. - Then take them back. - We cannot. They've coordinated their attack with offworlders. We are losing control. If you're suggesting that we evacuate, think again. Cease fire! - Daniel, are you guys OK? - Yeah, we're fine. All stations are dark. The loyalists have us surrounded. - They are calling for our surrender. - Engage them. Any chance he'll just surrender? Commander, we are hopelessly outnumbered. We are all here for one purpose - to honour the will of our gods. In their names, we rose up. In their names, we purged the nonbelievers, and in their names we will die, if necessary. We will not dishonour them with cowardice. Now engage them. Engage them. You question your faith? I will show you faith. Drop your weapon. I said drop your weapon now! There's the command centre. Let's go! All right, this way. - Drop all your weapons! - Surrender! - It's over. - I hope so. You may have just made a martyr. I had no choice. - You can return to your world now. - Kane... What happened to us was not your fault. I know. We made a promise and we intend to keep it. We'll be back to help you rebuild. Daniel, are you ready to go home?