I'm running out of money. I'm going to be screwed. - You might want to think about looking for a job - Ha - The answers... if you could just tell me what he told you, then I could fix the problem. - I can't do that. - To life's biggest questions... - I had the nightmare again - What do you think the significanceof the name angela is? - Actually,that's my real name - Are buried... she hasn't been dead a month, and it's like you've totally forgotten she ever existed -...Under even bigger lies - Zach was telling julieabout what happened to dana He didn't mean to kill dana Most mothers will tell you their children area gift from god Most mothers will also tell you that the gifts their children give them are less than heavenly Lynette had suffered through artwork made in kindergarten spice racks made in summer camp and jewelry made at the scout jamboree But this day, Lynette scavo received a gift every mother dreams of -- one she wasn't embarrassed to display - Where'd you guys get this pot? - We made it - Really? - I love it Well, this is the nicest present you boys have ever given me And you know what? I'm going to put it out on the front porch so the whole neighborhood can enjoy it Lynette knew she'd cherish the memory of that moment for the rest of her life The memory of that moment was ruined the very next day Mrs Mccluskey, why are you taking my flowerpot? - Because it's mine Your boys stole it off my porch - No, no, no My sons made that for me for valentine's day I bought this in costa ricaon my last cruise You see? It's still gotthe price tag on it Look What? Nothing more to say? Cant get your tongue? You listen to me -- keep your brats off my property Yes, most mothers will tell you their children area gift from god Most motherswill also tell you there are some days when you wish you could return them S01E14 - Love is in the air It was the day before valentine's day, and every man on Wisteria lane was preparing for this most dangerous of holidays While some purchased romantic cards, and some brought home candy and flowers and some made dinner reservations at fancy restaurants others managed to forget about the day entirely ...again This flurry of activity was lost on the women of Wisteria lane They were busy learning a secret about their neighbors a secret that was positively heartbreaking - So paul said that Zachary killed Dana? - Yeah Well, it must have been some sort of accident. I mean, little boys don't just kill their baby sisters - Well, whatever it was, that boy is seriously disturbed, and I've forbidden Julie from hanging out with him - Could you hold her? - So this is it - This is the secret that mary alice was trying to protect Think of the guilt that she must have lived with You know, I never thought I'd say this, but I kind of feel sorry for Paul I wish I could - I still feel like something's not right - What do you mean? Well, we've all been in their house. Have you ever seen a picture of another kid there? I mean, why keep dana's baby blanket and throw out all the photos? That's a good point We never answered why Mary Alice referred to herself as Angela in that therapy session All I know is this -- Mary Alice loved Zach more than anything in the world When you love a child that much ...you're capable of doing all sorts of things Yeah These were delivered to my house by mistake. May I? They're for mary alice young Oh, my god I, uh had a standing order with the florist I forgot to cancel it Mary alice was my wife. She passed away a few months ago I'm very sorryfor your loss - And I'm sorryfor yours - Pardon? - Your sister -- Martha? - Oh, yes Her Good lord, that's Angela What? Angela Forrest. We worked together in Utah It must be 15 years ago I'm afraid you're mistaken. My wife's name was mary alice She's never been to Utah Well,I could be mistaken As I said, it's --it's been years No, Mickey, you're wrong I wasn't acting like a Diva I left the boat show because that coordinator was making passes at me I mean, it's not my fault. Yao Lin, you missed a spot No, spare me the lecture and just book me another job quick Carlos and I are up to our asses in bills, and we can't pay them Fine. Bye. What did you say? Nothing Are you going to clean that spot? Which one? The one I told you to clean I'll get to it Clean it now Why? Because I said so Okay. But you've gotto say please. Fine, please Anything to get you back on your knees scrubbing where you belong You are not better than me! Excuse me? The only reason you have anything in your life is because you're pretty One  day you will be old, and when that happens, you'll be nothing - You are so fired No kidding ? Ooh, Valentine's day card. It's pretty. And meticulously hand-painted. Whoever sent you that must really love you and be loaded with talent It's beautiful. Thanks - So are we still on for tomorrow night? - Oh, not only are we on, I got reservationsat la petite fleur Ooh, that place is so pretentious I've been dying to go there Boys! Get your little fanniesinside! G uys?! Oh, poor Lynette. If she doesn't geta new nanny soon, she's going to implode Hey, guys, who you hiding from? Our mom. She wants to spank us Why, did you do something bad? Well, you know, if you hide out too long, she'll get worried. Then she'll just get madder You know what I say? Go on home, take your lumps There's a decent chance you'll have the rest of the day to play - Come on, climb aboard - Ha ha ha. All right Pretty impressive! Well, I love kids - Can't wait to have my own someday - Oh! We don't wantto get spanked Yeah, we promisewe'll be good. Too late. You stole, and then you lied. Even worse, you made me look bad in front of Mrs Mccluskey, who you know is mommy's sworn enemy Time to pick your poison How about a belt? It's a classic Well, we could go with the old hickory stick. It's a cliche but it's pretty effective I know -- we'll go with the spatula The holes give itless wind resistance - Moves faster - No! No! No! No! No! No! Guys, guys, guys! Hey, my hands are tied. Thieves get spanked. Just the way it works. - Unless... - Unless what? For a first-time offense, if you swear, cross your heart, that you will never,never steal again, and you write Mrs Mccluskeya letter of apology - I will let it slide - Okay, okay! We swear! Yeah! We swear! All right, start with "Dear Mrs Mccluskey" Mommy, why are you smiling? - Do you know what "psychological warfare" means? - No Well, too bad for you - Okay, start with a big "M", "c" - Good Rex and I are hosting a dinner party for 10 next week We're using our best china and serving duck - So you and Rex are a couple again - Yes You know, that's one of the things I hated most about our separation -- not being able to throw dinner parties There's just something so civilized and elegant about them, don't you think? I take it you've resolved your feelings about his infidelity? Let's just say I've put them in an imaginary box and don't plan on looking at them for a while Do you think that's the healthiest way to achieve a reconciliation? Well, it won't be easy at first There'll be a lotof forced smiles and perfunctory lovemaking, but after a few decades whiz by, I'm sure I'll find a wayto forgive him Well, as long as you have a plan I do want to forgive him, Dr Goldfine, but there's something he's still not telling me Really? I think it has something to do with why he had the affair - Have you confronted him? - Once and you should have seen the look in his eyes. He was terrified that I'd figure it out You know what it is, don't you? Bree, I can't discuss other patients I realize that This thing that he's hiding -- is it bad? Haha. Maybe it's better that I don't know Bree, how does this reconciliation have a chance if the two of you can't be honest about the innermost parts of your lives? We're, um, WASPS, Dr Goldfine. Not acknowledging... the elephant in the room is what we do best You'd settle for that -- a life filled with repression and denial? And the dinner parties Don't forgetthe dinner parties Hey there, over there, you got your queens and your quad-spring series and your deluxe 1000s, all the way to the imperial paradise - Sweet racket, huh? - Mm I swear, sometimes I wake up in the morning, and I can't believe I'm the Siesta king Except for how I am Very impressive. Haha So where does the photographer want me for the shoot? Uh, didn't your agent tell you? There's no shoot Well, then, what did you hire me for? You've heard the expression "sex sells"? That's where you come in You're here to remind people that there's a lot of fun thingsthey can do on a Siesta king mattress that don't involve sleeping Get it? It is often said that good fences make good neighbors But as Lynette was about to discover, the fence might just need a little barbed wire if the neighbor is Mrs Mccluskey Hey, what do you think you are doing? Get out of here Your little criminals snuck into my house and stole my wall clock What? It was a hand-painted purple and white wall clock - My son made it - Are you sure you didn't misplace it? You're getting up there in years. No offense, but you probably forget where you put things No offense, but you should be sterilized Look, my boys do not break into people's houses Sure, they may have stolen your flowerpot, but, you know,they apologized for that They wrote a note That the coward's way out. They should have come over and apologized in person You  know what?This has been fun, but now -- you let those boys run wild Toys all over the yard, there's bikes laying out in the street - It's a disgrace - Get out of my house! Those boys would have been better off raised by wolves - God knows, they would have been cleaner - Ooh! - Valentine's dayis tomorrow - I know Already bought your gifts Roses and english toffee? - Mm-hmm. Just like always - Yes And I suppose we'll make love tomorrow night, too? That is our little tradition Good. I'm looking forward to it Are you looking forward to it? What? Well, it's just that I know that I don't please you sexually, so I was wondering if you really were looking forward to being with me - Aw, for god's sake - I'm sorry, Rex I thought I could pretend that this doesn't upset me anymore, but I can't - Please don't do this - You had an affair You went to another woman for sex to give you something I couldn't - At least have the decency to tell me what that something is - Bree, I can't Why not? Rex, please tell me Let me prove to you how much I love you I like to be dominated Sexually Never mind Rex, please, I want to understand - Turn your head. Don't look at me - Please, mistress, no! Yes, slave. Yes, mistress, yes, yes - But, mistress -- - On your knees, now right now - Tighten your cuffs. Tighten them - Yes, mistress - Do it now. Head down - Yes Yes Ow! Yes!Ow! Yes! - Place the stickin your mouth - Yes, mistress Yes! Well? What the hell did your mother do to you? What? Well, come on, this just reeks of unresolved childhood trauma This has nothing to do with my mother, Bree - This is a preference - It's a perversion For god's sake, you promised to be supportive What do you want me to say -- my husband likes to wear metal clamps around his nipples, hooray? I want you to say you'll try it, just -- just once Try what? Hurting you? - You actually want me to hurt you? - So I can feel pleasure, yes Fine So was it goodfor you, too? Mike wants babies What? He wants to have kids, and he had that look that men get that says, "I'm ready to procreate Point me to the nearest cervix" And I take it this is a problem? Oh, I can't have another baby I mean, I'm so grateful I had you You know, I don't regret a minute of that, but I -- I found it to be completely overwhelming Sometimes I even wonder how I got through it You and me both - So have you told mikehow you feel? - Oh, I can't tell him This could bea deal-breaker Julie, I really love him. I don't want to lose him Maybe you're overreacting I bet he'd rather have you than a baby What if he doesn't? Then that's something you need to know Susan shouldn't have been so worried Children were the last thing on mike's mind He was too busy searching for answers ...in all the wrong places Please, just -- You got lucky Didn't hit anything major - Noah's getting impatient - Well, you can tell Noah I'm getting closer - That's her, isn't it? - Yeah Hard to believe a kid from such a good family could get so messed up I met somebody who recognized her photo They think she rented a room over on Pine Avenue I was checking out houses when Hey, mike, it's me. Are you there? Pick up. Hello. Okay, I know you're home. Your lights are on Look, I really need to talk to you about something. You know what?I-I'm just going to stop by Oh, hey, hey. I'm here - Are you okay? - Yeah - I just -- ha ha --stubbed my toe - Oh So can I come over? I-I really need to talk to you about something Actually, I got a buddy over here right now Um, can it wait till dinner tomorrow? It's kind of important...um yeah, I guessit can wait - So see you at 7:00? - All right I'm counting the minutes You should take it easy for the next few days Well, I can't cancel The last thing I need is for her to get suspicious Maybe it's my dementia, but I still haven't found my purple wall clock Nobody in my family knows or cares where your stupid clock is Oh, and by the way, will you tell your little criminals to get their bikes out of the street? - Oh, I-I'll get it - No, don't you dare We'll move it when you say please Please Okay, L-lynette, let's not get crazy Even thoughit was Mrs Mccluskey, who had officially declared war, it was Lynette who decided to deliverthe opening salvo You're  goingto clean that up - You think so? - Yes Yes, the war of Wisteria Lane would indeed prove to be messy for everyone involved Pardon me. Pardon me. We were wondering what the coil count is on this one Please do not talk to model Sorry What is this? People keep comingand talking to me, asking me questions. That is not my job Well, you don't have to be rude I am not a mattress salesperson Is there something wrong with being a mattress salesperson? - Is it beneath you or something? - Honestly, yes I'm a model You know what? Your agent warned me that you were a Diva, and he was right You won't talk to the customers, you bitch about the coffee, and you wouldn't even chip in for hazel's birthday cake I just met the woman today That didn't stop you from having a piece I'm sorry, but I don't want someone around my store that's not a team player - Oh, no, no, no. Wait, wait -- - You're fired, princess I need to know if my policy covers it No, my car actually wasn't involved. It was my neighbor's car But the egg was mine Uh-huh, can I please speak to your supervisor? Uh, honey, can you come out here? What? Look what I found stashed in the boys' playhouse Please tell me that's nota purple wall clock Pack your bags. We're moving Discouraged over losing her job, Gabrielle decided a makeover would be the perfect curefor her depression It was after finding a moisturizer she couldn't afford that it finally occurred to Gabrielle perhaps it was her pride that needed a makeover Excuse me, miss? - You forgot to give me my receipt - Oh, right - Uh, oh, here, here you go Thank you. Come again Mrs Solis? Ooh, god Hello Hello, Yao Lin. How are you? Good, very good I wanted to call you I felt terrible about how we left things I need lipstick - Okay, but -- - Now You must be loving this, huh? Having me serve you must be a dream come true Can't complain That's the difference between you and me, Yao Lin. Our dreams Close your eyes, please Thank you You see, I dreamed of pulling myself up from nothing, and I did I dreamed about the things I wanted, and I got them all a high-powered career, a handsome husband, an extravagant house So this is just a blip on the radar for me, because now I know what I'm capable of, and if I did it once, I can do it again I'm never really down, Yao lin, even when it looks like I am So enjoy this moment. Enjoy your dream 'Cause for you, it doesn't get any better than this There. Don't you look beautiful? Right this way Everything okay? Oh, yeah, this dress is just riding up as it is If I walk any faster, it'll be happy valentine's day for everyone Especially me Thank you Excuse me, miss? Oh, I'm so sorry! Is -- is everyone okay? Oh, thank you. Thank you so much - Oh, ma'am,your napkin - Don't even think about it Oh, that's so wonderful what you wrote. Thank you I'm not going to be any type of company until I get something off my chest Do you remember the other day, when you said that you wanted to have kids? Here's the thing: I don't think I'm ready to have another baby I think we need to have a serious conversation Well, sure - I'm not going over there - Yes, you are No, I can deal with the humiliation of going around to the neighborhood, returning everything the boys stole, but please, don't make me apologize to that woman Lynette, this is what it means to be a good neighbor -- finding ways of getting along ...instead of, you know, hurling an egg at them But why do I have to apologize? Why don't we just go, "oh, now we're even," and we'll start from scratch? Okay, if the, uh, beinga pleasant human being argument doesn't fly with you, we'll try, uh, self-preservation What if she wakes up in the middle of the night, the house is on fire? You don't want her to call 911? If our house catches fire, I guarantee you she's the one that started it My point is the day will come when we need her help, and I don't want her not to help us just because of some silly feud Fine I'll do it Wow, thank you You know, whoever came up with the motto "love thy neighbor" clearly lived nowhere near Carolyn Mccluskey Yes, well, on valentine's day, the only motto that really matters is, you know, "love thy husband" - Really? I-I recall no such motto - Hmm hmm I mean, I understand why you would want to have kids, but that chapter of my life is just closed You know, I-I don't think I can go back there And so, you know, given the way I feel and given the way I think you feel Oh, god. You're not taking this well Oh, I was afraid of this what? I got to go What? I'm sorry I don't believe this You're -- you're leaving without even trying to talk me into having your baby? I mean, how do you know I wouldn't cave? I always cave, I --mike?! - Good night - Good night So how does this domination thing work? So there's nothingto be afraid of I mean, mostly, we'll just be constructing simple scenarios and acting them out So it's like we're in a little play Sort of And if things do get too rough, we'll have a control word If one of us says it, the other backs off immediately Okay, so what's our control word? Well, lately. I've been using Philadelphia What's wrong? Well, it's just that my aunt fernlives in philadelphia, and I don't want to be thinking about her while I'm spanking you with a leather strap Okay fine. You pick a control word Um, how about boise? - Boise? - What's the matter with boise? We're going to be doing psychological role-playing here, Bree, and a funny word like boise will ruin the mood - We need something that sounds serious - Hmm How about Palestine? Boise will be just fine So I guess we should, uh, get started What do you want me to do? Handcuff me to the bed Bree, you are not going to regret taking this journey with me This is going to in fuse our marriage with more passion than you can imagine You just have to trust me I do Would you mind if I ran these through the dishwasher once? Sure You can wait here. You can go in to see him as soon as the doctor's finished Oh, okay thanks Can you believe that story? Please, there's no way that gunshot wound was self-inflicted Funny how he can't seem to remember who stitched him up Well, the police are on their way to talk to him Let them sort it out Sorry about ruining dinner Oh, please I'm just glad you're okay So, you shot yourself? Pretty lame, huh? Yeah, I was just cleaning my automatic, and I was too embarrassed to tell you Well, I can see why you would be I know it sounds crazy I just -- I couldn't let myself ruin your valentine's day But I heard what you said at the restaurant about not wanting kids - We don't have totalk about that now - No, susan I just want to be with you above everything else If that means not being a dad... I may be stupid enough to shoot myself, but I'm not stupid enough to walk away from you You know that, right? Yeah I'm going to go outside and let you rest for a while Thanks for being so understanding Ma'am. Excuse me, Mr Delfino, I'm officer Russell. This is officer Walters I'd like to ask you a few questions. Sir, if you feel up to it What do you want? The boys have something they'd like to say to you I have some tea heating on the stove. Perhaps you'd better come inside, boys What about you, Lynette? Do you have anything to say? No. I'll just wait out here Suit yourself You boys want some peanut brittle? Go ahead Don't get any crumbson my floor. Move over Okay. Go ahead. Make with the apology We're sorry That's it, huh? Didn't you know that stealing is wrong? How old are you, anyway? We're 6 - And how old are you? - 5 Well, your mother just pops them out, doesn't she? How old are you? How old do you think? Hurry up and eat your peanut brittle Who's that? That's my little boy Where does he live? He died when he was 12 How come? He got sick He was a little terror like you three You would have liked him Now, are you done with the peanut brittle? Let's go Now, I want to say something to you before you go What you did was wrong, but it's nice that you wanted to get a present for your mom for valentine's day Nobody's ever going to love you like your mother All right, let's go Get the hell out of my house In her heart, Lynette knew she would probably never love her neighbor, never realizing that love was the one thing she and her neighbor had in common - Hey - Hey, Lynette, what's wrong? My kids have beenon kind of a thieving jag, stealing stuff from around the neighborhood I'm so sorry I know. They're being punished, probably for life But I needed you to see something They said they stole it from Mike's garage, from inside his workbench. Your Mike? So? Read the engraving Is that blood? I don't know What --what does this mean? I don't know It's impossible to grasp just how powerful love is It can sustain us through trying times or motivate us to make extraordinary sacrifices It can force decent men to commit the darkest deeds or compel ordinary women to search for hidden truths And long after we're gone, love remains... burned into our memories We all search for love, but some of us, after we've found it,