Susan betrayed mike... what kind of friend is he? The real good kind. Andrew pushed the boundaries... zach's come home.Is there anything I can do? Paul put his foot down... you can leave us alone. So when do I tell peopleyou'll be back? Couple,maybe three days. And a stranger finally caught up with caleb. kisses are such simple things, we hardly notice them. But if we paid more attention, we'd see that each kiss conveys a meaning all its own. For example, some can say,"I'm so happy to see you." Or,"I didn't realize you'd be here." Bye. Or,"honey,it's time to stop drinking." The trick is in knowing how to tell the difference. So I finally said,if I'm head cheerleader, then nobodywears panties. Yeah! I just want you to knowas a former member of my high school marching band,I would've appreciated that. Wait a second,you were a bandgeek? Oh,I don't believe it. What did you play? He played the tuba.I have pictures. The tuba,huh? Yeah,go ahead,come on,comeon, get your licks in,go ahead. No,no,not at all.As a matter of fact, all of my secret crusheswere on the band geeks. Come on,I know you cheerleader types. You wouldn't have said "boo"to guys like me. No,you were more interestedin the guys like--like this.Now, I take ityou didn't play the tuba. No,I didn'T. All I know is,I was a lonely,insecure tuba player. Girls like gabrielle would justrip my heart out. Aw. I didn't even had my first kissuntil I was 18. -18? -Pathetic,I know. Poor baby.I would've kissed you. No,you wouldn't have.Yes,I would have. No,you wouldn't have.And it's okay,gaby. Those scars healeda long time ago. Oh,for god sakes,come here. Now on behalf of allthe cheerleaders in the world, forgive us. Oh,yeah!Whoo! Yes,kisses mean different things to different people. Ultimately,the meaning depends on the one who does the kissing... wowie. cheers. And the who sees it happen. Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-gagegao -==www.ydy.com/bbs==- Desperate Housewives Season 02 Episode 01 after every party comes the time for cleaning. We attend to the champagne that was spilled, the knickknacks that got broken, the food that went uneaten. Oh,here, let me take that. And whatever other messes need cleaning up. So,uh,gaby... you know that thing you and tom did tonight? The--the kiss? Was that hysterical? The look on tom's face! Yeah. I know this sounds silly, but... it kind of bugged me. You're not serious. Yeah,I am. I don't-- I don't want to make a big deal out of it, but,uh, could you maybe not do that again? Okay. Thanks. Okay. Hey,what happened to the applewhites? I thought you were gonna invite them. I did. Betty never R.S.V.P.'D. What do you guys think about the applewhites? I like 'em,very nice. Very... interesting. Right,interesting. Hmm,they weird me out,too. well,that's not what we're saying. not exactly,anyway. You know, we were just having fun, entertaining the crowd. Oh,sure,but... but maybe next time you could try juggling instead. What's going on? Nothing. Really? I sense a little tension. No,no tension. What? You make it sound like... I was making a pass at your husband. And that's just a little bit insulting. I just said it bugged me. Why is that a problem? Is this about that kiss? What kiss? Oh,you were in the living room. Gaby planted a big,wet kiss on tom... as a joke. It was hilarious. You see? Yeah,but to be fair to lynette, you are an ex-model. And surely it must have dawned on you that some women might prefer it if you didn't kiss their husbands. That's all I'm saying. Oh,you guys, we're all friends. This isn't something to get worked up over. I'm not worked up. Me neither. Hey,everyone, did you see what kathy lewis was wearing tonight? And whoever told her that she could get away with those vertical stripes should be shot. Oh. Bye,sweetie. Zach is back! Yeah,yeah,I know. You do? Yeah,he's been back for a couple of days now. Well,that's great,isn't it? Yeah. I thought you'd be happy about it. I thought that's what you wanted. I was hoping that I'd slowly establish a relationship with zach and then when we were comfortable, I'd tell him I was his real dad. But now paul's back. And he doesn't want you anywhere near him. He's threatened to tell the police everything that happened in the desert-- that I held a gun to his head. Well,it's your word against his. But he doesn't have a record,and I do. You know,despite what I did-- sending zach away, I want you two to connect. I hope you know that. I do. And on the bright side, I don't have to wonder where he is anymore. It says that you can do a report on anything from the suggested reading list, which includes "the old man and the sea," "the pearl," "much ado about nothing." Hmm. That sounds good. What do you like? I don't care. Let's start with "the pearl." It's got a sad ending,but it's good. We'll start with that. You know, it's not gonna be so bad. but maybe next time you could try juggling instead. Okay, I know this isn't what you want. But I need to keep you close to me just for a while. There are peoplein this neighborhood who aren't thrilledthat we're back. People I don't trust. People like...mike delfino? Why would yousay that? When you disappeared, mrs. Tillman said that miketook you somewhere to kill you. That's ridiculous.Why would mike wanna kill me? Because you murderedmrs. Huber? What did you say? Well,mrs. Tillman said thatyou murdered mrs. Huber because she wasblackmailing mom. And you believed her? No,not exactly. I mean,why? Should I? Zach,you know me Better than anyone. Do you honestly believe that I am capableof murder? No. All right,then. Of course... I didn't think mom was capableof suicide,either. On second thought, why don't we start with"much ado about nothing"? I think we could usea few laughs around here. Yeah,man... yeah,he sure is.I just... -probably. -Yeah. hey. Get over here. Now. Somebody's angry. Did oneof your soufflés fall? I saw what you didwith your friend. Oh,and you didn't turn intoa pillar of salt. Good for you. This is not a joke,andrew. What if the neighborshad seen you? Well,I'd hope they'd thinkthat I'd landed a hottie. I may not be able to control what you do outsideof this home, but whileyou are under this roof, you will not mockmy values. If you so muchas smile at that boy, so help me,I will ship you offto camp hennessey and I will not pick you upagain until you are 18. Do I make myself clear? Aren't you forgettingsomething? I know you like to knocka few back before bedtime. Go on,take it. It's okay. We both knowthat of the two of us, I'm the onethat doesn't judge. Please. I don't wannastay down here. I-I know. I'm sorry,K. I'm sorry. Matthew,I think we mighthave termites. You need to takea look at those steps before one of usbreaks our neck. What's the matter?Is your brother okay? No,he's not.He hates it down here. He wants to be with us.You're being cruel. If you are so concernedabout him, you should spend less timeon your computer and more time down herekeeping him company. We're bringing him up, but not until I am surethat it's safe. there's been a load of compromising on the road to my horizon hey,you! Like a rhinestone cowboy yeah? What's the deal? You've been parked on our streetfor two hours. Oh,I'm doinga property appraisal. Some neighbors of yoursare thinking about moving. The applewhites? I'm not reallyallowed to say. I sold them that house.You know,this is my turf! Who do you work for? Geist realty? Ah,westside properties. Yeah,well,whoever it is,you go back and you tell your bossesthat nobody, and I mean,nobody, buys or sells propertiesin this neighborhood without going throughedie britt,you got that? Look,lady,I just gowhere I'm told. You look,you cross me, and I will beyour worst nightmare. I'm a dangerous woman.You don't wanna mess with me. You got it. Ms. Mayer? Zach.May I talk to you? I have some thingsthat I need to say. Okay. I-I know that I dida lot of bad stuff-- stuff that I'm not gonnabe able to take back. Ms. Mayer,I'm--I'm really sorry. But when I was livingon the streets,you know, I had a lot of time to--to just sit and think to myself and clear my head and... I've grown up,you know?I don't want you to worry. I'm not gonna bebothering you anymore. Either of you. Well,thanks.We appreciate that. Please don't tell my dadthat I talked to you. He's just--he's been really... intense lately. Well,what do you think? He seems different. I believe him. Yeah,I can't believeI'm about to say this, but I feel sorry for him. It's likehe's so fragile. I know,and he's locked in thathouse with mr. Creepy 24/7. Did you know that he'shomeschooling zach now? I think he shouldspend some time with a decent role model,don't you? Hi! Hey,you're out early. Oh,I just wanted to pick up some fresh croissantsfor breakfast. Oh,cool. Listen,I just wanted you to know I appreciated youbacking me up last night, you know,with the kiss thing. To be honest,I don't thinkI would've liked it,either. Yeah,but I probablyshould've just gone with it. Gaby was just being gaby--having fun. No,I wouldn't be so hardon yourself, given her history. What do you mean? You know,the affair. Gaby had an affair? -You didn't know? -No! I thought everybody knew. Oh,I feel awful. Oh,ida greenberg'sbehind you. Ida,just a second. I am stunned. Who was it with? I shouldn'thave said anything. Bree,come on,just tell me. her gardener. Oh,you're kidding! No,no,not him.Helen rowland's son,john. The teenager? ida,wait,or go around! Does gaby knowthat you know? Absolutely not. I thinkthe best thing to do is just smile and pretendyou don't know anything. Hi. Oh,sorry! Are you okay? Yeah. I'm all right. What's up? We have an idea how to bringyou and zach together. Bowling. -Bowling? -Yeah,I e-mailed zach, and he said he's gonna meetus there. You can come,too. Does paul knowabout this? No,and we're not planningon telling him. I don't thinkthat's a good idea,susan. Mike,I'm part of the reasonthings got so screwed up. I just want a chanceto make things right. And you're okay with this--being around zach? We talked to him.He's changed. Well,I guesswe're going bowling. Wake up,sleepyhead. I brought fresh croissantsfor breakfast! uh,hi,mrs. Van de kamp. I'm justin,andrew's lab partner... from school. Dude,wake up. Andrew... I want you downstairs... now. Okay,first of all,I want youto march back upstairs and tell your friend he isno longer welcome in this house. But we haven't even had breakfast yet! I am serious,andrew. You tell himto get out of here this second or I will call the police, and I will have him removed! Well,go ahead,call 'em. Oh,you think I won't? I just wonderhow they'll react when they find out thatyou killed george williams. I didn't kill george. Well,no,but you sat thereand let him die, which,I'm no lawyer,but I'm pretty sure there's a crimein there somewhere. Andrew... don't get me wrong.I mean,I'm glad you did it. But when the cops get here,my official position will be, uh,"oh,my god,I'm beingraised by a homicidal maniac." I think I might eventhrow in a few tears. You would actuallylet the police arrest your own mother? Hey,we all gotta cutthe apron strings at some point. Come on,penny. Let's getthose groceries in there. Come on. Here we go.Get this one... and this one,and daddy--uh-oh! Whoa! oh! Oh,it looks likeyou could use a hand. Bless you. Here,gaby. And penny! Oh,come here,you sweet little thing. Well,thank you so much,gaby.Come on in. Oh,god,um,tom? Yeah? Uh,I thinkshe got sick. Oh,I'm so sorry. Usually,she only throws upon immediate family. I'm honored. oh,um,do you mind just puttingher in the playpen there? hello. Guess what? Ed loved the pitch.I got off early! You're kidding! That's great! Hey,I'm rightby the supermarket. You want me to pick up anything? Um,actually,I just came from there. Except,you know what?I forgot bread. -Would you mind? -Not at all. Tom,I need to wipe up.Do you have a towel? Sure,hold on. Hey! Hey,honey. Hey,did you get the bread? Oh,yeah,they were out. Of bread? Yeah. Hey,gaby. A surprise seeing you here. Well,I saw that tomwas overwhelmed, so I thoughtI'd give him a hand. Really?Wow,that was nice of you. Is there a problem? No. Really? Because I sensethat you're annoyed you found me here whenyou weren't home. Am I wrong? Lynette? Okay. yeah. So exactly what are youdoing here helping out? Damn it,lynette,if thishas to do with that stupid kiss the other night,I'm gonna lose it! Whoa,whoa,whoa,what's going on? Lynette thinks I was hittingon you at bree's party. that's ridiculous. I never said that. What I said was that it made me uncomfortable when you kissed him. It's obviouslyan issue for me. And yet,here you are,alone inmy kitchen with my husband. So you tell me,are you hitting on him? Lynette. I can't believe you.I have done nothing to deserve this kindof mistrust. Well,that's not entirely true. What does that mean? Come on,gaby. It's a small town. People talk. Okay,what's going on here? I'll tell you. Your wife doesn't trust mearound you because I had an affairwith my teenage gardener. Oh. So I know susan mayerwould never tell. It must've beenhelen rowland. She probably blabbedto all the girls at the salon. And ida greenberggoes to that salon. So if ida knows,the whole town knows. And we're just gonna have tomove. That's all there is to it. Carlos,can you stop puttingfor two seconds and show me some support? What do you expect me to do?You brought this on yourself. It wasa harmless little kiss! Why is everybody makinga big deal about this? Because you had an affairwith an underage gardener. People don't thinkyou're harmless. They see you as a predator. You're enjoying this,aren't you? Punishing me,danglingthe affair over my head? Well,I won't tolerate it. Really? So just what are yougonna do about it? I'm gonna let youeven the score. Carlos,go have an affair. What? I hadmy little indiscretion. So you go have yours.Get it out of your system. -I know you want to. -I do not. Sure you do.Knock yourself out. Call up an old college flame.Rent a call girl. Fly to africa and nail that little nunyou've been drooling over. I don't care! You're crazy. No,I'm pragmatic. Because onceyou finish your fling, we'll be equals again. And then you won'tbe able to judge me. And we cango back to being a boring,averagemarried couple. Oh,just do me a favor.Don't bring back any diseases. Are you sure you're notoverreacting to this wholegabrielle thing? Maybe. Yes. But gaby doesn't thinkshe did anything wrong. That's not right,either. I guess. You'rean attractive man. There is a primal need fora woman to protect what is hers. My initial impulsewas justified. So you really thinkshe's into me? I don't know. Because you're right.I am an attractive man. You know what?I've never told you this, but sometimes when I bend downto pick up the morning paper, I catch bree van de kampchecking me out. You're kidding. No,scout's honor. I've always exuded a certain sexual magnetism, and as I get older, I think it's onlybecoming more intense. Are you drunk? Oh,I'm a hot guyliving in a neighborhood filled with nothingbut lonely ladies. Oh. They can't help themselves.I'm like... catnip. Come here. What was that for? Thank you.Thank you for reminding me that I am the only womanin the whole world who could lovean idiot like you. -I'll talk to gaby. -I'm telling you, -these women want me. -Oh,yeah. They see the rippling musclesunderneath this t-shirt... good night,tom. They cannot resist me. Shut up and go to sleep. aah! son of a bitch. you gotta be kidding me. Whoa,whoa. I'm here to help you,caleb. All right? Mama's gon' be mad. Don't you worryabout that. Moms love me. All right,let's go. No! Okay,I'm sorry. I shouldn'thave talked to you like that. Let's start over. Aah! Let's go. I'm warning you,pinhead, don't you make mecome down there after you. Come on. Come on! All right,you asked for it. I'm gonna beat the stupidright out of you. This hit the spot. caleb? I didn't do it. Oh,dear. well,hey there. Hi,karl. Oh! Oh,um,quick question-- when someone discussesa sensitive situation with a lawyersuch as yourself, when does attorney/clientconfidentiality kick in? From the momentthe lawyer's been hired. Why? Here's a check for $100. That's enoughfor a retainer,right? Well,I guess.What's going on,bree? My son is tryingto blackmail me. And I want you to stopthe little S.O.B. Do you thinkyou could do that? He has an illinois license. It says herehis name is munroe. Does that namemean anything to you? No,but at leasthe wasn't a policeman. Poor man. I hope he didn'tsuffer too much. mom,are welooking at the same body? what is it? As soon as it gets dark, we get rid of that body. hey. Um... I hope it's okay.Carlos let me in. Actually,I'm rightin the middle of something, and I don't knowwhen I'll be done. I'm just here to sayI am sorry, and I have beena complete idiot. all done. so cute.'Cause it's beautiful! Is the coast clear? Yes,it is.We worked it out. No kidding.How'd you manage that one? Simple. Lynette admittedshe was wrong, and I agreed. Well,99% wrong. Oh,whatever,close enough. Anyway,tom's probably gotdinner ready by now. So I should get goin'. Okay. Good night.Bye! Mwah! You knowwhat the 1% is,right? No,not really. Does it matter? It kinda does. I wanna get it clearfor our friendship. Okay. What's the 1%? Well,well... yes,I overreacted. I think you can see how even thoughI was somewhat off base, you were a little wrong,right? No. I kissed tom,and it was a harmless joke. I think if I had kissedanybody else's husband, they would've laughed and then forgot about itten seconds later. Okay,let's test that theory. See? I don't care. That'S...just a waste of time... and spit. Oh. Okay. Okay,okay,okay. Okay! Okay! I get your point. All righty,then,my work here is done. Carlos,gaby. go! Not bad. Hey,there he is. Zach,I'm gladyou could make it. Hey,zach. Mr. Delfino,I didn't knowyou were gonna be here. Yeah,I was just bowling a fewframes and ran into these guys. I thought I might join you.Is,uh,that okay? Yeah,I guess. Oh! Okay,write that down--nine! Wise guy. All right,just roll itin there nice and easy. Sorry. It's okay.We're still close. Anyway,julie's totally gonna choke. Just for that,I am notbringing you back a hot dog. Zach,do you want one? Okay. You okay? Yeah,I'm fine,it's just... I don't understandwhat you're doing. What do you mean? Well,I don't understand whyyou're being so nice to me. I mean,I pointed a gunat you guys. You should hate me. We don't hate you,zach. You hadan incredibly hard year. And you shouldn't have donewhat you did, but we just wannahelp you move on. Look,um... when I was young, I got mixed upin some really bad stuff. I even did some time in prison. -Really? -Yeah,but when I got out, peoplewere willing to forgive me. Everybody deserves a second chance. Thanks. You know,I'm gonna go,uh,help julie with the food. So you guys just keep talkingand bowling. Talk and bowl. Bowl and talk. Here,let meshow you something. See the arrowsright in the middle? Just roll it straight over the one in the center. Okay. You don't have to spin itor anything. Just right down the middle. Look at that! Good job. Hurry up! I am hurrying up,okay? Wait,no! No! No! -What? -I dropped the keys. I don't have 'em.They're in here! sometimes you just have to laugh. andrew? Would you mindturning off your video game? My lawyer would liketo have a little chat with you. So even though your mother did witnessgeorge williams' suicide, there's no affirmative dutyto intervene. Therefore,no crime was committed. Even if the police find out, your mom will never seethe inside of a courtroom. Well,maybe I gotthe story wrong. What if she went over thereto help him commit suicide? If you wanna lie to the police,go right ahead. But please knowthat I will sue you. For what? Abuse of process. It's when a person triesto exploit the legal system for an improper purpose--like blackmail. You guys can't sue me.I'm just a kid. Oh,don't worry. I won't start garnishingyour wages until you turn 18. Your mom--is she a peach or what? If the cops don't give a damn,I'm sure your friends will. How does a littlepublic humiliation sound? Bree,can I geta refill on this? What are you doing?! Your fatherwas a friend of mine. And if he were around to seewhat a nasty little turd you've turned into,he'd knock the hell out of you. Yeah,well,he's not here now,is he? No,he isn't,but if youdon't get your act together and start treating your motherwith some respect, I'll take careof you myself. Do you understandwhat I'm saying? Yeah. Good. Hey,neighbor. Oh,hey,carlos. Hi. I just wanted to thank you forpatching things up with gaby. Well,sure,no problem. It's beenreally tough on her-- everybody finding outabout the affair. Yeah,I can imagine. I don't mind telling you,it's,uh... it's been pretty tough on usthe past couple months. Oh,well,I'm not surprised, and I really,really hopeyou can work it out. Yeah,we're trying.You know... mm-hmm? Yeah? Gaby hadan interesting suggestion. Oh? She told methat I should go out and have an affairof my own. She thinksit's the only way I'll be able to get overwhat she did to me and that it just mighthelp our marriage. Why are youtelling me this? Uh... I guess I just,uh... wanted to know if you hadany thoughts on the subject? I... don't. I really don't. Well,if you ever do,let me know. By the way... mm-hmm? That was one hellof a kiss you gave me. You can't fakechemistry like that. What the hell is this? Delfino? Stay away from my son! oh,my god! dad! -You okay? -I'm fine. Aah! so I squirm to avoid hitting his car and I hit parker instead and that's from the trunk top open when we got out we found this dead body are you worried now 'cause I am not yet let's be patient, see what will happens how'd go well I told them everything I know which wasnt much so we thinking this is paul well he's our friendly neighborhood murderer yes it seems obvious I dont know I saw his face when he looked into the trunk and he looked just as shocked as I was I'm thinking it was the Applewhites I talked to the dead guy He said he was doing appraisal on their house I got a little cheesed so i called all the realtors in town nobody had even heard of him that doesnt mean Betty knew him please those two were fishy they bought that house sightn unseen and they did move in the middle of the night and there were noises what noises a couple weeks ago I heard some noises coming from the basement like cleaning I asked betty about it she lied right to my face what's that about I dont know now I am worried Julie hi hi well my dad found out about us bowling I cannot be able to do that anytime soon oh,sorry no no I'm glad we did I havent felt like a part of a family in a long time thanks I'd better go back inside the act itself never varies but each kiss carries a with it a meaning all it's own it can convey a husband's eternal devotion or a wife's enormous regret it can symbolize a mother's growing concern or a lover's growing passion but whatever its meaning each kiss reflects a basic human need the needs to connect to another human being this desire is so strong it's always amazing when some people dont understand it Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-gagegao -==www.ydy.com/bbs==-