Mistresses were confronted.. Very good to be back What's that? I'm on house arrest It's a condition of my bail How are you going to work? I can't. I can't do anything The tables were turned Good lord, that's Angela And secrets from the past I'm afraid you're mistaken My wife's name was mary alice Caught up with everyone I'm such an idiot And you're such a liar Oh, and apparently, a killer Throughout even the most respectable of neighborhoods, you can hear the sound of scandal Some scandals announce themselves with a shout Ida! Ida greenberg, that is not your paper! Some with a whisper throw me a $20, and I'll hook you up with free porn And some with a bang Get the hell off my lawn! And once in a great while, there comes a scandal so deliciously sordid, its roar drowns out all other noise its roar drowns out all other noise So your husband -- does he have any idea how many men pay for the privilege of sleeping in this bed? There's not a lot of sleeping going on -- - not if I'm doing my job right - Ha ha ha So how do you want to get started? With these ? Well ... that's going to cost you extra Maisy gibbons, you're under arrest for solicitation What? Please turn and place your hands on the bed I'm sorry I'm -- I'm going to have to ask you to leave now Hey! Aah! You get off me! - This is entrapment - Right You all are making a gigantic mistake Yeah, yeah Hey, fellas, here's one for your memoirs - Come on - No! No! No, don't you touch me! - Would you get your hands off me! - Take it easy, mrs Gibbons Yes, the scandalous arrest of maisy gibbons would soon prove to be the shot heard 'round the world Take it easy, ma'am Don't you put me in here! It is often said that good news travels fast, but as every housewife knows, bad news moves quite a bit faster Tish? Hey, you are not going to believe this Maisy gibbons was arrested - You cannot be serious - Yes - Hey, did you hear about maisy? - I let my son spend the night at her house just last week - She ... Maisy gibbons running in handcuffs -- I'd have killed to see that Stay put. I'll be right back Ladies, please calm down, ma'am This is just a precaution If you'll just take a flyer hey, guys. What's going on? Oh, there's been an outbreak of head lice Head lice ? These flyers detail all the important information concerning the situation, including the recommended delousing combs Delousing? Do they have to make it sound so disgusting? Does anybody know where it started? I'm sorry That's confidential information Barcliff maintains a strict no-blame policy Hey, guys, over here I think parents have a right to know who brought this into our school Please calm down, ma'am Our position is that there's nothing to be gained by pointing fingers To identify the child who initiated the outbreak might result in him or her being subjected to ridicule I, um, excuse me¡K¡K - If you'll just take a flyer... - stop scratching, stop scratching Now, now, stop it Guys, let's go, okay? Stop scratching. I mean it Stop, stop - Hey See you later - Bye Glued into the hair shaft, and can only be removed ... What the hell? - Gabrielle! - What? Hey, gabrielle, I think we got a problem here! I can't hear you! I said, I think we got a problem! - The water's backing up here! - What? - Is that sewage? - Aah! Yeah, that's sewage So, uh, mike, the suspense is killing us Why don't you just tell us the bad news? Well, your outtake pipe's completely corroded. That's why it collapsed I'm going to have to tear it out and repipe the whole system And how much is this going to cost? I'll do the job for you at cost, but you're still looking at 6, 7 grand, minimum Okay, well, we'll let you know Look, um ... if money's an issue oh,  no, no, no, it's not the money It's just, uh, carlos and I are trying to prioritize some little things we need to do around the house All right And, uh, you don't consider sewage backing up in the house a priority? It's definitely on the short list I'm kind of surprised you called me Why? Well, um, ever since my arrest, nobody around here seems to want to have much to do with me Innocent until proven guilty, my man Hope he's more innocent than you are Hey,  it's lynette I know you're down about this mike thing, but you got to come to poker It'll be worth it. I got dirt on maisy gibbons Hey, susan, it's me I really wish you'd return my calls We need to talk I know I messed things -- you okay? Hi You know, I can stay home if you want No, no, no Now, I know how much you were looking forward to this weekend with your dad I'm fine You don't look fine Well ... a little sad Mike and I were just a fling And not even a full fling Sort of a borderline fling Mom, anyone can see how much you loved him Well, I also loved junk food, and I gave that up, and I survived There's your father Go have fun Last chance. You're sure? I'm sure. Now go You'll find someone else, mom someone great. I know it What's wrong, rex? Didn't you enjoy your golf game with dr Wallace? I didn't play I'm still feeling sluggish Still? Did you talk to him about that? Yeah, of course. He doesn't understand why the medication isn't working, and he wants me to come in for a checkup tomorrow I can see that tish is making the rounds She must have some juicy new anecdote Yeah, get her over here I could use a funny story today Tish, Tish Oh, I can tell by that look on your face you've got something good Now, come on, don't be selfish Well, first off, you're not friends with maisy gibbons, are you? No Thank god, because this is too good Maisy was arrested While harold was at work, she was having sex with men in her house for money Can you imagine? No, I can'T And that's not even the best part Word is she had a little black book with all her clients' names So, uh... you think that'll get out? Of course. These things always do - Nancy, wait up. - I can't wait to tell you this. Wait, wait Well, you heard your funny story, rex Why aren't you laughing? I go get it Hello Hi, tami, yeah - Can we see one of the bugs? - Yeah, here. See? It's this little white thing Look... It looks like a -- aw, jeez It looks like a sesame seed That's cool Yeah, well, there's lots more where that came from No, I'm -- I'm so sorry He must be so disappointed But, look, we'll get all the boys together once topher's back on his feet Bye What'd tami want? She's canceling topher's birthday party on sunday He's come down with the measles, so... Measles, huh? Yeah. What? Tami brennan spent a fortune on topher's party She'd call in specialists from switzerland before she'd let it be canceled Okay. Why would tami lie to us? Because she saw porter scratching his head at school They all did, and now word's getting around Why is everything a conspiracy theory with you? Lots of kids get lice They're not that big a deal - Well, it is for the rich b-I-t-c-hs at barcliff academy - Lynette It's been one day, and they've been disinvited to a birthday party If rumors start flying, these boys can kiss campouts and pool parties goodbye Uh-oh Yeah, not so cool now, huh? It's all here Appraisal, title search, and escrow documents Again, I'm sorry Again, I'm sorry about changing my mind, but this just isn't really a good time to sell the house Zach's going through a lot, and he wants to finish high school before moving Ah, forget it It's part of the business I expect to get screwed over Now,  where is your house key? Oh, I must have left it at home I'll bring it by tonight No one will be here Zach's away on a school trip, and I'm going to mount pleasant on business today Just drop it by tomorrow Or I could just keep it What? It's a joke, paul I know your wife's dead and all, but it's been six months... lighten up Hello Felicia Oh, hi, felicia Edie, I found this in my sister's things It has your name on it Oh... my necklace Oh, you know I lent this to martha three months ago, and she said that it went down the drain Oh, I miss how we used to steal things from one another So, felicia... I heard they have a suspect in your sister's murder Mike Delfino ? Oh, he didn't kill her But they found her jewelry in his garage But his fingerprints weren't on any of it Well, that just means he wore gloves So he's smart enough to use gloves, but he leaves her blood-spattered jewelry lying around for anyone to find? Please ... Is that what you'd do if you killed someone? I don't know what goes through the mind of a murderer I'm just saying I wouldn't trust him if I were you Edie, that is lovely Is it an antique? Yeah, I think so You know, I know a store you would love It specializes in antique jewelry It's in salt lake city. Have you ever been to salt lake city? No, I try to steer clear of utah It's a little too conservative for me Too bad Have you ever been, paul? No It's lovely I used to live there when I was a nurse You should definitely go sometime Bye With no indoor plumbing, gabrielle was now forced to improvise when it came to her personal hygiene wherever and whenever she had the opportunity Sorry That's okay. I was just about to give a maisy gibbons update Guys, we should be ashamed of ourselves for reveling in that woman's misery That being said, Edie, please continue Well, I hear from a very reliable source that maisy's going to cut a deal with the prosecution Apparently, she has some high-profile johns, and the DA'S looking for a second term I don't get it I don't get who would pay maisy for sex Obviously, someone who's not getting it at home So the upshot is maisy is going to turn over her little black book with all of her clients' names - Really ? - Yep I mean, can you imagine the fallout when this goes public? blood on the walls I'm all in I'll call Bree? Uh, what just happened? The stakes were raised Yes, yes, they were I fold I can't believe how lucky you were today Luck had nothing to do with it I had crappy cards I was bluffing the entire time Really? Wow, you're good Oh, that's the only nice thing I could say about my first husband -- he taught me how to bluff He played poker? No, he was lousy in bed I had to fake a lot of orgasms You don't have to respond Thank you So, uh... where was susan today? Uh, I'm not sure - Wow, tom must be great in bed - Huh? Well, obviously, you have no idea how to bluff Okay She's going through something, and I'm sure she'd prefer it to be private She's upset with mike, isn't she? Well, come on... I'm going to find out sooner or later She's devastated about the breakup, and she hasn't left the house in days Well, why didn't you just tell me that? Because it's personal It's the kind of thing she would only want me to tell her friends I'm susan's friend Well, I don't hate her Edie, if you want me to share stuff with you, you're going to have to start being more supportive of susan Okay. How? What do friends do? They call, they're sympathetic, they ask about the pain the other person is going through, and  then they listen What if you want to be supportive, but you just can't stand listening to people bitch? Then it's good to know how to bluff God, I have to go to the bathroom again Go to bree'S I've been to bree'stwice today Then go to Susan's I hate Susan's She has all these weirdscented candles Her house reeksof apricot Hose - How about lynette's? - No, you don't understand I don't want to go to anybody's house anymore I'm tired of knocking on doorsand making up excuses as to why we haven't fixed our plumbing Why are you yellingat me? Because it's your fault ? My fault? Yes. If you hadn'tgotten yourself indicted, we would have pipes right now I got indicted trying to make enough money to keep you happy In case you hadn't noticed, you're a little materialistic Oh, I'm materialistic? When the johnsons bought their new 7-series, you were the one who went right in and traded in his car for something better Who ended up driving it? You know what? I don't have time to fight right now I have laundry to do Nurse abigail? Mrs Scavo, right? The twins' mother? I just wanted to tell you that the boys are now, ha ha ... lice-free Good to hear I just can't figure outhow it happened They get a bath every night Trust me, it's the ugliest 15 minutes of the day I believe you I keep thinking that maybe it was the petting zoo that I took them to last week That llama was really iffy Mrs Scavo, it doesn't work that way Lice only spreads from human to thuman Even the cleanest kid in the world can get it if he gets too close to the wrong kid Really? Yes. So don't be so hard on yourself, huh? I guess Still, I can't help but feel a little guilty After all, my kids started an entire lice outbreak Look, your, uh, your kids didn't start it They didn't? No. I know for a fact that patient zerowas another little boy This is his fourth time with this particular problem Oh. That is a load off my mind Well, thank you So which kid is it? I can't tell you You know we have a no-blame policy We have to protect the children You understand? Of course No, I don'T You're going to have to give me a name Mrs Scavo -- here's the thing acting like parents won't assign blame is like pretending they don't keep score at pee-wee league games It's human nature If you don't give the moms someone to blame, they'll pick a scapegoat I can't let my boysbe the scapegoat Please don't put me in this position I'm begging you They've already been uninvited from a birthday party, a really big birthday party with a bouncy house and a hot dog stand and a clown I wish I could help you, but -- for god's sakes, there's going to be a magician Tami brennan went all out Tami brennan? Topher's mother? Yes Well, isn't that interesting? Have a seat Meanwhile, at the fairview county prison, maisy gibbons was delighted to find out she had a visitor, but she was soon reminded one should always beware of visitors bearing gift baskets You've gotto be kidding me Hello, maisy Stuff like this is why I love you So... what brings you here? I need a favor I thought as much I heard that there's a, um, little black book with the name of your clients in it There is I was wondering if, perhaps, you could remove rex's name from that little book Wow, that's a big favor Those muffins better be really good I have some money that I've been putting aside for emergencies It can be all yoursif you just keep my mouth shut? Continue to be discreet Gosh... I don't know I don't think it's asking that much All you need to do is remove one little name But if I do it for you, then I have to do it for all the other wives That wouldn't be fair, now, would it? Maisy, please I mean, we used to be good friends Ah. Where were you when harold lost his job a year ago, huh? Did you stop by to see if there was anything that you could do? Did you bringa big basket of baked goods when you knew we couldn't even pay our bills? If you did, those displays of friendship seem to have slipped my mind Maisy, I didn't mention it when you were having financial troubles because I thought it would embarrass you Yes, I would have been embarrassed, but it would have been a whole lot better than the silence I have $14,000 in that account It can all be yours I'm not interested But you do get credit for one thing You came to visit me, even if it was for an ulterior motive None of the other girls from the club even bothered I've been abandoned Guess that's what happens when you become the town whore Oh, sweetie They didn't abandon you because you're a whore They abandoned you because you weren't all that nice to begin with Who is it? It's edie! Oh, edie, not nowI'm kind of busy Hi Or just come on in What are you doing? I decided that my life is way too complicated, and so I'm simplifying I am getting rid of the clutter Ooh I was on vacation. Made sense at the time Okay, not to be rude, but is there a reason you're here? Look... I'm feeling badly about what you'regoing through with mike And don't worry I'm not going to date him Doesn't matter anymore Well, don't get me wrong, I still have every intention of sleeping with him Some mountains are just meant to be climbed I got to learn to keep my doors locked How long have you been sitting here? I don't know Five minutes, give or take three hours That's i. Get up Get dressed Why? 'Cause you're coming with me It's time to get wasted Happy hour started 45 minutes ago Why would I go anywhere with you? Because that's what normal women do when they get depressed They put on short skirts, they go to bars with their girlfriends, maybe have one too many and then make out with some strange man in the back of a dark alley Wow Oh, come on It'll be fun, I swear Come on. Come on Why do you even care? I never said I cared It's just... well, I I guess I know what it's like to have your heart stomped on Okay. All right. Give me a minute I'll go change my clothes And don't forget to do something with that skanky hair You're a little scary-looking Oh, what about him? Not my type Oh, look, I know the pickins are slim, but isn't there someone here that you're attracted to? I hate them all Look at them just leering at us They're so damn cocky, like they know they have the upper hand What are you talking about? We have the upper hand Without us, they have nothing Maybe 15 years ago Not anymore Now we're just lonely and desperate, and they know it, and they just sit there ready to pounce, you know, waiting for us to take any crumb they're willing to throw our way I don't want crumbs I want mike Hi, Um.... I'm going to be spending the whole night with her, so I'm going to be needing a lot more of these I'm sorry It's just so hard to find a guy like mike I know in my heart he didn't kill mrs Huber Okay, let's say mike's a peach and he didn't kill martha Who did? I don't know Obviously, a bad guy Somebody really awful, somebody like -- somebody like Paul Young Paul? Ha ha Are you serious? I'm telling you, he's hiding something He clams up every time we try to ask him about mary alice And then when we found out about dana Dana. Who's dana? Paul and mary alice had a baby that died You're kidding Zach killed her Holy crap. Who told you that? Paul. He said it was an accident, but I'm telling you, I think that's why mary alice was being blackmailed Mary alice was being blackmailed? Yeah The girls and i found a threatening note in her stuff What the hell kind of street do we live on? I don't know Come to think of it, the other day, paul was talkingto felicia, and he was working overtime trying to make mike sound guilty See? Shifting blame onto someone else -- that's classic criminal behavior Oh, I'm telling you, he's up to no good Zach and paul are out of town Maybe we should sneak into their house and do some snooping I have a key Oh, my god, yes We should do that Oh, come on. I was just kidding No, edie, this is our chance We should just go infor 10 minutes Susan, that's breaking and entering Martha huber was your best friend If we could find out who really killed her, wouldn't that be worth the risk? - Have a nice evening - Thank you Serena, hi. How are you? - I talked to Dr Wallace today - Oh? He still has no idea why the medicationisn't working He told me he's thinking of running more tests I told him I'm thinking about getting a second opinion Rex, this might sound silly, - but are people staring at us? - Yeah. What's going on? Well, I could be wrong, but I suspect that maisy gibbons' client list has been released You think they're laughing at us? No, I think they're laughing at you I think they feel sorry for me, which is just as mortifying - What are we going to do? - Oh We're going to act like nothing is happening, and then, when we finish eating, we're going to walk out of here with all the dignity that we can muster Please, let's go now Oh, no I refuse to give them this kind of satisfaction Open your menu Everybody's staring, bree It's humiliating Well, you should have thought of that before you left a personal check on maisy gibbons' nightstand All right, you stay here if you want to I'm leaving Rex, if you walk out of this restaurant, I will scream - Bree¡H - I will scream about your cruelty Then I will scream about your infidelity And then just to make sure it really hurts, I will scream about your distasteful sexual habits You want to know what true humiliation is, you just take one step So, what are you having? The veal looks good So what are we looking for, exactly? An embroidered pillow that says "I killed martha huber"? I don't know Just something suspicious Mmm, smells expensive Do you believe in evil, edie? Of course I believe in evil I work in real estate I'm serious There's something about this house that's just so cold and creepy You couldn't tell when mary alice was alive She just brought so much warmth and light Now there's something I can just taste it Can't you sense it? The only thing I can sense is that you've had too much to drink Oh, something happened in this house, something so awful we can't even imagine it Ow! Son of a bitch Are you okay? I just stubbed my toe - Oh, my god -- angela - Huh? Angela -- that's what mary alice used to call herself What are you talking about? We heard it on this tape that bree stole from her the rapist's office It's a long story I'll tell you later Oh, we got to put this in What was that? I think it's paul You said he was going to be gone Well, I guess I was wrong Hurry I got to get the tape Hide! Paul Oh! Oh! Oh! Edie God, you scared me I'm sorry I see that you, uh, made it back from mount pleasant Yes. What -- what are you doing here? Well, I came by to bring you your key I was just about to leave you a note You're returning my key at 11:30 at night What the hell's going on here? You're right - We're too old to be playing games - What? My note was goingto tell you that I, uh... I-I wasn't kidding this afternoon I really would like to keep a key to your place -- to use if the mood strikes me Ha ha. You've been drinking Just enough to get up the courage to tell you how I feel about you Okay, well. obviously, you're uncomfortable about this, so I-I'm really sorry if I embarrassed you Here, here's your key I'll see you around Edie, um... I'm not embarrassedHuh? If anything, I'm flattered Susan, Susan, talk to me Mike, it's not a good time I'm a little drunk and a little freaked out Why haven't you returned any of my messages? We're broken up I thought I made that pretty clear Oh, come on Can't we work this out? You lied to me When? When did I lie to you? The police showed me your rap sheet You killed a man You can't believe I'm some cold-blooded killer Well, of course I don't believe that, but I also didn't believe that karl was going to cheat on me, and I didn't believe that mary alice was going to kill herself I mean, let's face it, mike -- blind faith is not my friend I was going to tell you There just wasn't a right moment See? Now that's a lie, too, because there were plenty of right moments - Susan¡K¡K - every time we went out for pizza, you could have said, "oh, and by the way, I once killed a man" Or when you said, "hey, let's go jogging," you could have said, "well, by the way, I once killed a man" Every time we went to the movies and the hero shot the bad guy, you could have turned to me and said, "oh, and by the way,I did that once" You didn't Do you want to hear what happened or not? It doesn't matter, because I will never believe anything you say ever again Well, at the very least, you can believe that Occupied Carlos, I have to go Well, you're going to have to wait Why should I have to wait? It's my port-a-potty What do you mean, it's yours? I'm the one who stole it Babe, I'm sorry You're just going to have to wait Thank you so much, bree Seeing your tile has really helped me make my decision Next time I remodel, I am using limestone Gabrielle, is everything okay? Sure, why? Well, it's just that you've been acting kind of odd lately In what way? Well, you keep coming up with excuses to use everyone's bathroom, and then two days ago, mr Cowley looked into your back yard and saw you and carlosdoing your laundry in the jacuzzi Well, uh, there's a simple explanation for that I, um¡K¡K are you and carlos having some sort of money trouble? Gabby, it's okay if you are - Is that so? - Yes, and.... and to tell you the truth, I'm a little insulted I am a good friend Why would you feel like you have to hide that from me? I don't know Probably for the same reason you didn't tell me rex was one of maisy's clients That is obviously different Why? Because it happened to you? Bree, this is how I see it -- good friends support each other after they've been humiliated Great friends pretend nothing happened in the first place Well, then, good luck on your remodel And please tell rex I said hello Hey, tami Lynette I see topher's made a speedy recovery Can we go play? Yeah, sure, boys Have fun Whoo! Let's go play in the bounce house! Let's go! Let's go! Come on! All right, you caught me I lied But, uh, you sure have some nerve, crashing a 6-year-old's birthday party Just so you know, I got topher a set of bongo drums I know you'll love them as much as he will Charlie, come on out of there! I don't want you playing with those scavo boys! Uh, mona, please I'm sure they're clean You are not ruining my party All right, porter, preston, okay, out, out, out Come on. Porter, preston, let's go No, not -- not --not quite yet Boys, keep bouncing. That's right. Keep bouncing Oh, by the way, I spoke to nurse abigail I know who patient zero is All right, that's it, kids get out Out, out, out Go, go How could you do that? Look, this party meant everything to topher I couldn't risk people not showing up He would be devastated I had to do something And the best you could come up with was letting my kids take the fall? Hey, I hardly had to say anything People were already suspicious - Oh, please - Yeah, it's true. Let's face it -- your boys aren't the cleanes tkids on the planet That was not a smart thing to say Where are you going? I'm going to tell the truth to every mother out there, and then I'm going to take back the bongos No, wait, okay, all right Look, I wa--I was wrong I admit it. I am really, really, really sorry Too little, too late Okay, okay No, I'll -- I'll tell everyone that I was wrong, that your kids aren't the ones Please, I'm begging you Well, why are you standing there? Get to it - Bree, hi - Hi What's up? Well, um, I've been doing some thinking Rex and I have been members of the fairview country club for years, and well, lately, it seems to have lost some of its exclusivity, and so I've decided not to renew our membership I'd rather see the money go to someone I care about Oh, bree, I-I can't take that Gabby, this is the way I see it -- good friends offer to help in a crisis Great friends, don't take no for an answer We're going to pay you back every cent I promise Take your time Yes, everyone loves a scandal no matter how big or small After all what could bemore entertaining than watching the downfall of the high and mighty? What could be more amusing than the public exposure of hypocritical sinners? Yes, everyone loves a scandal And if for some reason, you're not enjoying the latest one