Lynette asked a loaded question. I'm the one who wassleeping with your son, but it's over now. No,you're wrong. It's noteven close to being over. Gabrielle confessed... here's your mail. While noah's search for zach... I worry for that boy. What kind of people wouldbuy a baby from a junkie? Played perfectly into felicia's plot... see that paul young hasa toy chest of his very own. For revenge. What made my husband paul young such a good investor was his uncanny ability to anticipate the future... zach,how did youdo this? He foresaw the necessity of the velcro shoe. He predicted the advent of the $3 cup of coffee. He even anticipated the surprising boom in bottled water. Yeah,it's paul young. I've been reading aboutthe election results in brazil. It's time to buy sugar. but the crystal ball that served paul so well in the stock market sometimes failed him closer to home. - Paul young? - Yeah. Detective sullivan. You need to come downtownfor questioning. About what? We're investigating reportsof credit card fraud, and your name has been linkedwith several of the victims. Well,it must be some mistake. Could be. But we still need to go downtownand straighten it out. All right. Well... how longis this gonna take? Don't worry about it.It's just a mix-up. Let's go. What's going on?I thought you just wanted to ask me some questions. - That's after you're booked.Booked? - Booked for what? You can't book himhere anyhow,detective. Computers are down. We're all full up. You gottatake him down to county. What is going on?This is crazy. I wanna call my lawyer. What the hell do you guysthink you're doing anyway? Huh? This is ridiculous. I get a phone call! Yes,in the world of investments, my husband had a remarkable ability to see the future. Got a message for you,paul young. Dierdre's fathersaid to give you his regards. Aah! But sadly,paul didn't see this one coming at all. -------------------------- Proudly Presents -------------------------- Sync: YTET-Starry -==www.ydy.com/bbs==- Desperate housewives Season 2 Episode 16 Bree van de kamp had a weekly routine she'd been following for years. She cleaned on tuesdays. She paid her bills on wednesdays. She did her laundry on thursdays. And after these daily chores were completed, she would reward herself with a little drink. What bree didn't know  was this latest addition to her routine had been noticed by her friends. And it had now become part of their routine to discuss it. So apparently bree hada few too many and passed out. Next thing I know, I get a call at work-- someone found my kids wandering the street. Oh,my god! Have you seen bree since? No. I'm worried about her, but I don't know how I'm gonna get over what she did. hey,bree. How you doing today? I'm really well. Um,I just saw you all talking before lynette went off to work. What were you all talking about? Oh,nothing,really. Carlos and I are gonna go see the adoption counselor today. I'm checking myself into the hospital. I'm finally gonna get that surgery. Oh. Good for you. Did lynette mention the little tiff we had? Just in passing. She barely mentioned it. Because what happened was, I accidentally mixed my antihistamine medication with, you know, a little glass of wine I was having, and I- I fell asleep, you know,while I was... watching her kids. I mean,I like a little wine with dinner, I mean,now and then. You know,who doesn't? But,uh,I mean, you know, to trash my entire reputation-- oh,bree, she didn't trash you. Honest. Well,good. I mean,I just-- I really wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression. Well,I'm--I'm going to the mall. They're having a white sale today. I think I'm gonna get a new bath mat. Oh,does anyone need one? - No,I'm good. - Okay,take care. Wow,did you smell the alcohol on her breath? I sure did. Oh. Then our eskimo turns in the camera and says, "polar fresh mints will give your breath an 'a'-plus,too." So what do you think? It feels a little familiar. Really? I don't think so. No,I'm pretty sure the lowell group used eskimos in a deodorant commercial they had last month. Remember? Oh,this is completely different. Those were jock eskimos competing in the iditarod. Our eskimo's trying to,you know, patch things up with his wife. Yeah. No,I get the subtle distinction. I think we can do better. Okay? So,sally,you're up. What do you got for me? Hey. Hey. "I got the subtle distinction"? What was that about? If you really wanna do this now, shut the door. Okay,sure, I was a little bitchy. But you know why? You did a half-ass job in there. Hey,you may not like my idea, but you can't say I didn't work hard. Oh,please. I live with you. Last night, when you should've been trying to make that pitch work, you were watching the game. I wasn't watching the game. I saw you! What,okay,now I can't check the score? Are you saying you gave your heart and soul to that eskimo pitch? I worked really hard on that pitch. Did you give it 100%? Well,exactly. So? Big deal. Go work up some new ideas, and then we'll go over it during lunch. Okay? You're the boss. Yes,i am. Hey. Susan. Good to see you again. I'm really looking forward to your surgery. And I'm really hoping you're a lefty. Nope. I can't even write my name. But that's what I get for throwing my kid a roller-skating party. Funny. So what about my surgery? Oh,I'll still do it. With dr. Ron's help,of course. Dr. Cunningham will be standing right beside me. With my hands and his brain, you got the best parts of both of us. Then I'm on board. We're keeping you under observation, so, hopefully, we'll operate tomorrow. Uh,if you don't mind, I'd like a minute to consult with my patient. Oh! Right, your,um,little thing. What "little thing"? Um,well,it was--it was gonna be a surprise,but... Oh,my god, they're beautiful. Um,look,I've been thinking about us a lot lately-- about putting this operation behind us and where we'll go from there. Our future... together. And I really suck at putting my emotions into words, which is,um, it's why I wrote it all down. There's a card. Oh. Uh,but you can't read it. Not--not while I'm here anyway. It's way,way too stressful. Um,I am going to go now. Wow. Wow. Oh,he's so romantic. May I? Oh,it's sort of private. Well,I did help him pick out the flowers. Oh. Um... okay. There's more on the back. so how does this work? Do we flip through a catalog or something? I wish it was that easy. You have to understand,for every baby, there are ten coupleswho want it. You don't choose your child.The birth mother chooses you. Really? So what do you thinkour chances are? We will do anythingthat we need to do. Well,your typical birth motheris usually a young girl, and she'll just wanna make sureyou're quality people. Now to show her that, you'll be putting togethera parent portfolio. What's that? Family pictures,character references, that kind of stuff. So,um,we're auditioningto be parents? I guessyou could say that. So just to be clear, some slutty cheerleader getsknocked up by the soccer coach behind the localgas 'n gulp,and she is going to make sure we're quality people? you don't needto answer that. You know,you don'thave to hide it from me. Hmm? Drinking.It doesn't bother me. Oh,I wasn'thiding anything. I was simply... enjoying the day. What you want? Well,um,masonwas my ride to school. And his dad'smoving them to tucson so... oh,well,if you needa ride to school, I'm happy to drive you. No,that's not what I want.I want a car. Well,then I suggestyou get a job. Why should I go work my ass offat some fast food place when I can already affordwhat I want? Andrew,we're not touchingyour trust fund. - It's my money.- Not until you're 21. And if I had my way, you wouldn't get your handson it until you're 50. I mean,we both know you'regonna waste every penny of it. Why are youbeing like this? Because,sweetheart, it is my job to teach youabout responsibility, setting goals,delayed gratification. What do you knowabout delayed gratification? It's not even noon, yet you're already onyour third glass of wine. You know,on second thought, I won't be driving youto school. The walk will do you good. Mom,I'm not kidding around. I want my money. The answer is no. Well,aren't we a mean old drunk? Whatever that wassupposed to teach me, considerthe lesson learned. oh. Whoo. What are you doing here? I'm just enjoying the silkysmooth moves of dr. Ron. Or should I say,"dr. Love"? - Give me that. Aah!- This is my favorite-- "I can't wait to bein the operating room with you "so I cantouch your heart, "because you've alreadytouched mine so deeply." Okay,that part sounds betterwhen you don't read it out loud. And what are you doingreading it anyway? Those are dr. Ron's private thoughts. Yeah,I got that. You know,I sense that he really likes you,susie. So? So do you really like him? Of course I do. He's smart and funny and kind. Smart,funny,kind. I don't hear the word"love" in there. Well,that's a big word. We just started dating,and we have a connection, and I'm gonna follow it throughand see where it goes. Oh,I get it.You're gonna string him along till you feelsomething you don't and waste the next five yearsof your life. As opposed to the 12I wasted on you? Why are we talkingabout this? I don't recallasking you your opinion. Because we're marriedand I have certain rights, and one of themis the right to badger you. Okay,you know,you can leave now. I wish I could M.R.I. Your soul-- out! it's not funny. hey,watch out for my wife.She's on a tear. Oh,here's one we tookon vacation. Hmm. Gaby,these pictureshave to be wholesome. They gotta say... "these people will doa great job raising a child." So? So you're topless. Yeah,but it's st. Barts, and your hands are coveringmy naughty parts. Do you mean the handthat's holding the tequila shot, or the one that's holdingthe cuban cigar? Yeah,that was a good trip. Gaby! - Fine. We won't use it. - We can't use any of 'em. Every single pictureof the two of us, we're either drinkingor smoking or naked. So we like to have fun. I mean,who doesn't understand that better than an unwed,knocked-up teenager? This is serious. If we can't sell ourselvesas good people... well,then we'll justhave to find someone who can do it for us. So you want me to,uh... pitch you as parents? You're in advertising.You can do it. Just write usa character reference saying we're greatwith kids. Oh,this is for you. Oh. Well,you don'thave to bribe me. We're all friends here.(Chuckles) keeping that in mind,would it also be okay if we wereyour kids' godparents? Oh! Uh... I guess. Great,and can we take somefake pictures to document it? I don't supposeyou brought a corkscrew? You didn't have a warrant,and if you don't arrest him, then you gotta tell mewhat he wants. Hello,mike. Felicia,what are you doing here? Oh,I left in such a rush. There was a lot of old businessI forgot to wrap up. Well,it must bepretty important business, gets you to moveback in next door to the man you think murdered your sister. It's funnyyou should mention paul. You know,the police cameand took him away last night. The police? And from the waythey were manhandling him, ooh,I don't thinkhe'll be back anytime soon. (Zach) no,I just wannatalk to him,that's all... what the hell'sgoing on? It's noneof your concern,mike. You listen to me,if anythinghappens to paul young-- it already happened. Hours ago. He's dead? Like I said, it's none of your concern. Maybe you don't get it,noah.You screwed up. You just killedthe most important person in your grandson's life. Do you think he's gonna haveanything to do with you once he finds out? And believe me, I'll make sure he finds out. So,honey,the meat loaf--it's,um,it's a little burnt. Oh,right,I was talkingto susan on the phone, and I left it in a little longerthan I should've. Sorry. It's okay. (Sighs) is it that bad? No. No,not bad at all. Oh,good. Parker,don't put your elbowson the table. Come on. But you'd agreeit wasn't your best effort. Huh? The meal,the taskyou agreed to take on. You'd agree thatyou didn't give it 100%,right? Tom,if you're gonnamake a point, why don't you do it nowbefore I hurl the plate at you? Nobody gives 100% of his effortall the time because they can'T. It is impossible. You do the best you can withthe time and energy you have. Stop right there.This is meat loaf. (Chuckles) your presentationwas business. You're saying the clientdeserves more effort than your own family? Okay. So if I apologizefor upsetting you at work, can we get past itand enjoy our meal? Absolutely. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. I am sorry. Thanks. So,boys,how do you enjoy the meat loaf? It's a little salty. (Preston) yeah. Just eat it. there. Perfect. All right. all right,one more time. What? Yeah. Dude,I don't wannamess up your face. Do you love me? Then do what I tell you. Rough day. Yeah. I wonder if there's any way thatwe can turn it around still. Good question. But what to do?What to do? Yeah. Hi! What's up? Why do you keep trying to do that? - What? - Trying to get on top. Of you? No,I'm not. You were pushing on me likeyou were trying to sack me. I felt it. Are you serious? Tom,I wasn't doing anything.I was just going for it. I was just lost in the moment.Oh,come on! Come on,this is silly.I don't wanna argue. I mean,unless it turns you on. Does it? 'Cause thenI'm all about it,baby. What--what was that? What--what was what? You were bracing. You were bracing with your leg. I was tryingto lie on top of you, and you were bracing yourselfagainst the mattress so you didn'thave to get on your back. Try and deny it.Try and deny it. You can'T. Okay,okay,can I just mention you're talking like a crazy person? You can't give it upfor a second,can you? You always haveto call the shots. Always. Is this aboutme being boss again? You gotta get over it. That's exactly my point. Exactly. You are notjust my boss at the office. You're my boss everywhere. Oh,that's ridiculous. You run the show. You run the show,and I'm along for the ride. I just pushthe little shopping cart, let the woman do all the driving. - Tom... - I'm the caddy husband. I carry your clubs. I am so sorry you feel that way, but you cannotput that on me. This is your life. You wanna run it? Then step on up. You wanna drive? Grab the steering wheel. I mean-- what elseam I supposed to say? I'm gonnacheck on the kids. Time to checkyour blood pressure. Oh,sure. Oh,that's a little tight.Does it have to be that tight? - Yes. - Oh. okay. Ow,ow. That's actuallystarting to be painful. Really?That surprises me. I just assumedyou were dead inside. Ow! Ow! What the hellare you doing? I told myself to stayout of this,but I can'T. I know that you're married. I am not! Really? Hmm,'cause that manthat came to see you yesterday,he saidyou're his wife. Oh! Yeah,oh... no,no,he just said that'cause we used to be married. It's just a force of habit. Oh,that explainseverything. Except that I checkedyour insurance forms,and you're still married. So that makes youa lying,adulterous skank. Oh,no. No,no.No,no,nurse hisel. Ow,ow,ow,ow!Ow,nurse hisel! Ugh! Nurse--oh! Nurse hisel,I can explain. Can you,skank? Yes. Okay. I am married,but it's only because my insurance ran out. My ex-husband hasa really good coverage plan, so he said thathe would remarry me so I couldget my operation. Only I didn'twanna tell dr. Ron 'cause I didn't want himto be an accomplice to fraud. So you're what... protecting him? Yeah. It--yes,I am. Okay. As long as you're nottwo-timing him. He feelsso strongly about you. I know. I read the card. But did you readbetween the lines? What do you mean? Okay,I shouldn't betelling you this, but when we were picking outthe flowers for you, he said that he was working upthe courage to say he loves you. Really? Yes! But you haveto act surprised,okay? Oh,yeah,I'll be surprised. So I guess we have the wholeinsurance thing worked out. Oh! Pfft. Don't worryabout that. Please. Who am I to cast stones? I mean,heck... I didn't passmy nurse's exam. They didn't even ask me! Andrew,did I hear the bell? Oh,hello. I'm samuel bormanis.I'm here to see andrew. Oh,okay.Are you a friend of andrew's? I'm his lawyer. His lawyer? Well,why on earthwould andrew need a lawyer? Here you go,sam. honey,what happened to-- to your face? I... you hit me. Don't you remember? For the record,I did not punch my son. I slapped himwith an open palm. Yeah,but,mom,the thing is, when you drink,you don't knowyour own strength. This is ridiculous. Can't you seethis is a performance? Mrs. Van de kamp,I've heard enough. Clearly,this environment isa highly dysfunctional one. Andrew has retained my services in order to pursuea healthier living situation. And what might that be? I,um,I wanna be emancipated. Emancipated? As an emancipated minor,andrew would be able to live on his own. He'd still go to school,of course, but he'd be releasedfrom all adult supervision. Well,that's the silliest thingI've ever heard of. How wouldhe support himself? Well,he'd be in completecontrol of his own finances. So that's what this is about--your trust fund? Obviously,we'd all prefer not to go to family court, but with the violenceand your D.U.I. Charge, it could get ugly. Uh,mr. Bormanis, I'll need a little timeto think about this. You have 24 hours. boy,it really lookslike we're having a good time. I sure hope this works. Well,as long as they don'tmake me play guitar, I thinkwe're home free. Mr. And mrs. Solis,rhoda can see you now. Wow! It looks like you spendlots of time with these kids. Oh,we take our rolesas godparents very seriously. - Don't we,honey? - Mm-hmm. Yes. Oh,they're precious.What are their names? Parker and,uh... porter,uh... and,uh... well,they're all p'S.It is super cute. One sec.Do you need me,helen? Hello,gabrielle. Carlos. I didn't knowyou were adopting. Preston! The other one's nameis preston. helen,you work here? You all know each other? What a small world. It sure is. Mrs. Solis hired my sonto do her yard work. And also,she would rape him. Okay,first of all,it was statutory, and it happenedso long ago. Was it? I thinkit was only about a year ago. No,it was a year, because it was right beforeyour husband went to prison on slave labor charges. Rhoda,if you don't mind, I think I'll handlethe solis case myself. I'd like to make it my top priority.Okay. Oh,and,um,gabrielle,don't bother trying to contact any other adoption agenciesin the area. I'll make surethey know all about you. I think I haveto break up with dr. Ron. What? Why? Because he's a gem. And apparentlyhe loves me. I'm sorry.I'm not following. Lynette,he is everything I could possibly wantin a boyfriend, and I just don't knowif I feel that... spark. You know,and I really want to. Aw,sweetie. And he keeps telling mehow special I am and how muchI mean to him... how he wants to holdmy beating heart in his hand. Maybe it's because I just haven'tfelt that thunderbolt yet. You know,with mike,it hit me.With karl,it his me. I didn't have to worryabout how I felt becausethe thunderbolt told me. Yeah,yeah.Gotta love the thunderbolt. Do I,though? I mean,I do But I don'ttrust it anymore. You know,those relationshipsturned out to be disasters. Maybe I shouldstick it out with dr. Ron, and I should try heading downa road that's growing and slower intoa sort of kind of love that would sustain itselffor 50 years. Right? Stability,comfort,endurance--I deserve that. Oh,yes!Of course you do. Still,you gotta lovethe thunderbolt. That's not helpful. Sorry. Ah,this is a sign. Will you shut up? We lost a baby,found outwe can't conceive another one, and ran into helen rowlandat an adoption agency. God is obviouslytrying to tell us something. Carlos,we're catholics,okay? God is pretty johnny one note on the whole subjectof procreation. Hey,and will you stopwith this defeatist attitude? Okay,do you wanta baby or not? I think it's time that we facedreality-- we're bad people,and we probably don'teven deserve to be parents. Well,then who the hell does? I mean,look at all the idiotspopping kids. Okay,they're not any morequalified than we are. I don't know. Look,carlos... it doesn't matterwhat we've done in our past. Being a parentmeans rising to the occasion, and that's exactlywhat we're gonna do when we bring our baby home. This is the first time I really felt likeyou wanted to have a baby. (Sighs)well,this is the first time someone told meI couldn't have one. Okay,so whatare we gonna do? I mean,no adoption agencyis gonna touch us now. There are waysto get babies,carlos. It just might cost us. I have some contactsin the police department. I've been making calls,but I can't seem to get a straight answerabout your dad. I don't understand.How do they just lose somebody? They don't,not by accident. But I don't think what happenedto your dad was an accident. What's thatsupposed to mean? zach! Mrs. Tillman. Hello,zachary.You look terrible. Oh,mr. Delfino. Isn't thisjust a picture? Felicia,why are you here? Young zacharyand I didn't exactly part on the best of terms. In fact,when the weather's damp, I'm still remindedof our last good-bye. But forgive and forget.That's my motto. Macaroon? dad! You all right? now how did you knowI love macaroons? it won't end here,you know.Noah taylor doesn't give up. Look,don't worry about us.We'll be gone by morning. No,it's too latefor that now. I guarantee he's got people watching you. What is it withyou anyway? First,you want me to run. Now you want us to stick around likesitting ducks for this maniac. Go ahead,run. Noah's gotthe cops in his pocket. What do you think's gonna happenthe first time you try to buy gas with a credit card oropen a new bank account? So I'm a dead man. Maybe not. Not if we usewhat leverage we have. No way. The old man's gonna be dead in a couple of months,maybe less. Let him meet zach, - play the doting grandfather-- - I said forget it. I'll do it. If it meanshe'll leave us alone, I'm readyto be leveraged. Nicholsonwill be coming in in about 15 minuteswith a pitch, so let's grab everybody and make surewe're all on the same page. Hang on a second. What's going on? I need to say this. Ah,yeah... I have been giving youa lot of grief lately about being the boss. But it's justhard for a guy to feel like he's not in chargeof any part of his life. But,honey, it goes back and forth. I know. But it just feelsa little one-sided lately, and sometimesI need to drive the train. But,look,I know it is my issue. It's my issue, and I will step upand deal with it. Mmm. Whoa. Hello. What's going on,huh? I'm picking up where we left off. Last night. Oh,I get it. I get it. Ooh! This is your ideaof driving the train. And it's very manlyand really impressive, but it's really,reallybad timing. You can't be serious. Mmm. We're gonna--we're gonna be late. Yeah,we are goingto be late. Okay. There is nothingmore important than family. And I think it's so unfairsome are denied their god-given rightto parent just because of a fewsordid incidents in their past. Now I may have to exploresome unconventional paths to find your child. I might even have to take actionsome might view as unsavory. But before I do... I need proofthat the two of you are prepared to facethe challenges ahead. $20,000. Is that proof enoughfor you? Yes,it is. Nice to meet you,young man. I'm not gonna hug you. I don't careif you are my grandfather. Ah. That's okay.Hugging's not really my thing. Mike,could you wait outside? I'd like to be alonewith zachary. Not a chance. Just curious... why was it so importantyou see me? You're my grandson. My flesh and blood. Isn't it only natural I'd wanta relationship with you? What kind of relationshipcan we have when I know you triedto kill my dad? Surely,you can understand the rage I must feeltowards your father. Go ahead. Feel all the rageyou wanna feel. But if anythinghappens to him, I swear to god you are nevergonna see me again. You only met metwo minutes ago, and here you are, already blackmailing me. I couldn't be prouder. I'm serious. I want you to swear you're notgonna do anything to my dad. Which dad? You have two of 'em. You knowwho I'm talking about-- my dad,the man who raised me, the only manI'm ever gonna care about. So swear. I swear. Well,now thatthe ground rules have been set, who's up for somemeaningless small talk? well,if it isn'tthe plumber. You here to see susan? Uh,yeah,I just wanted to talkto her before her operation. Oh?You're cutting it kinda close. She's just aboutto be wheeled into surgery. You know,she's dating her surgeon. Yeah,she told me. You met him? Yeah. He's,like,6 years old. those for her? Yeah. The floristwas having a sale on lilacs. Dr. Ron just bought her the biggest bouquet of rosesyou've ever seen. It was disgusting. And the note that went with itmade my teeth hurt, it was so saccharin. He used words like"soul mate" and "eternity." I almostpuked in the vase. What'd susan thinkabout that? Well,she seemedto be really into it. Mike! Oh,wait,stop! Go back! Stop! Stop a second. Hey!What are you doing here? I just,uh,wanted to wishyou luck before your surgery. Aw,that's so sweet. You came all the waydown here just for me. Yep. That's why I came. Oh,it meansa lot to me that you came. Well,you take care,susan. Okay. Bye. You forgotto give her your flowers. Ah,it's no big deal. Hi,susan. How are those drugsworking for you?You feeling good? Super-duper.How you feeling? Well,um,you know I want you to know, what I said the other day-- that corny stuff about meholding your heart in my hands-- well,what I meantto say was, my feelings for you--they keep growing, and,uh,I think-- well,I hope that you feel the same way about me.Mm. Ah,hell,susan. I love you. Aw,thank you. I love mike. Mike? Susan,who's mike? Mike is love. Mmm. Who the hell is mike? I don't know,but she's marriedto a guy named karl. I'm so,so sorry.I should've told you,dr. Ron. Mmm,mike,mike,mike... oh,why are you alwaysfalling in love with skanks? You beautiful,beautiful man! Oh! okay,we ready to go here? Yeah. Sure. Let's cutthis bitch open. what are you doing? Your lawyer left a messageon my machine. It seems we havea hearing in four weeks, and I wanna be ready. Oh,I get it. So,uh,so you're gonna pretendto be sober for the judge? Oh,there's no pretending. I am going to my first A.A. Meeting tomorrow. Of course,I picked onein the worst part of town so I won'trun into anybody I know. Which,of course,means I will. All right,so whatis that gonna prove? Perception is reality,andrew. And if people perceive meto have a drinking problem, then I do. And I certainly don't wantsome idiotic judge using my hobby as an excuseto make you rich. So I'm simplygoing to give up my wine and becomea recovering alcoholic. Good plan,but it'll never work. See,I'll bet you stillend up coming to court hammered. oh,andrew,you don't thinkI love you enough to give up alcohol? Look,I'm 17,all right? So you can only keep me herefor another year. Why notjust let me go? Because I'm notdone with you yet. It's my job to teach you, and you are not half the manI know you can be. Yeah,well,I got news for you-- this is as goodas I'm gonna get. If I really thought that, I'd get a gun right nowand kill us both. Mom,we're both so unhappy. Why not justlet me take my trust fund, and I'll getout of your hair forever? Please. You're a stone cold bitch,you know that? I'm sorry.I didn't quite catch that. I hate you. You know,the oppositeof love isn't hate. It's indifference. And if you hate me, that means you still care, and we're still connected, and I still have a chanceto set you right. This is how bree van de kamp finally came to change her weekly routine. She still cleaned on tuesdays... paid her bills on wednesdays... and did her laundry on thursdays. But her fridays were now reserved for a meeting... a special meeting where she stood in front of people she didn't know... my name is bree, and I am an alcoholic. And said things she didn't believe. And afterwards,bree would come home and reward herself...