Have you? No. And for the record I've also never given her frosting from a can. Hey, Rach. The adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you'd write one for us. Of course! I'll be honored / Thanks Thank you. I think there's been an oversight. Joey, we would have asked you. We just thought you wouldn't be interested Yeah, it's just that we don't think of you as really being so much with the words What? Wait- hey. Hey Ho Hey Clearly we were wrong. Look, I've got a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, okay? I know how much you want to have a baby and I would love to help you get one. - You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it - Thank you Alright, let me see how I'm going to start. Dear baby adoption decider people So excited about your letter. Hey Hi Phoebe. Wow, don't you look nice. Yes, I do. Today's, uh, Mike and my one year anniversary. Oh, what's it the anniversary of? Your first, uh, date? Your first kiss? First time you had sex? Yeah! So you must be going somewhere fancy to celebrate. Uh- huh. Um, uh, Knicks game. Uh...aren't you a little over- dressed? Hey, you know what? I've never had a one year anniversary before so no matter where we go, I'm wearig something fancy pants and I'm going to put on my finest jewelry and we're going to have sex in a public restroom You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom. That's where people make number 2. Friends 10x05 TOW Rachel's sister baby- sits ¿µ¾î´ëº» by K. Kim Hey / Hi So you know, I have a little time if you, uh, you want to.... Oh Oh, I'd love to but I really have to grade these papers Ah, fine. It's fine. I'll just shower by myself. B, B, B, B, B. Oh, Ross you gave a B to a pottery barn catalog. Well, it had some good ideas. Take off your shirt. Damn it. Rachel! Open up! It's your sister. I have to talk to you. Hi, Amy. You're not Rachel. Still sharp as a tack! Um, Charlie, this is Rachel's sister, Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. Hi, nice to meet you/ Hi And you are? Ross. I grew up on your block? Um We had thanksgiving together last year? I had a baby with your sister? Did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? Yes, yes you did. Hi, Rachel. Here's your sister, Amy. She thinks I need peck implants Amy, hi. You remember Joey? Yeah, sure. The days of our lives guy. That's right. You were not good. Always nice to meet a fan. So now what are you doing here? Well, I have huge news Sorry. Hold on. Let me just check on the baby Wait! This is important. Can't Ella wait? Uh, her name is Emma. Why did you change it? Ella was so much prettier. What do I know? I just sell middle eastern food from a cart. Hey, your English is getting better. Oh my God. / I know She may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. What you...what you're working on? Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but I don't know any big words or any of those so... Why don't you use your thesaurus? What did I just say? Watch Here you, uh, you hightlight the word you want to change go into tools and the thesaurus generates....gives, gives a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest, Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart. No, no, I am brainy, bright, clever! I love this thing! Look out, ladies! Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package! So beautiful Oh, I know. Isn't she? No, I was talking about your bedding. Alright. What's your news, Amy? Oh. Well, I'm getting married. Wow! Oh my God! To who? This guy... He has a killer apartment and....? And it's on 5th and the elevator opens up right into the living room. No, what's...what's he like? Oh, he's okay. Do you remember my old boyfriend, Mark? / Yeah. It's his Dad. Ha! Well, so he's got to be... Old? Yeah. But he travels a lot so he's hardly ever there. Pretty, I've got to tell you it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like... Myron. Um, yeah, I told you he was old. Ugh, sit down. Sit down. Oh honey, you know. I once also almost married somebody that I didn't love. Do you remember Barry? Remember him? God, we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep. Sometimes just nodding is okay. Um, so but anyway, listen. Not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, Amy, you, you deserve true love Your, your soul mate is out there somewhere Someone that is your age that is smart that is fun and that, that you care about. You're right. You're right I'm going to do it /Okay I'm going to marry Myron and keep looking for Mr. Right. Okay Okay. Let's keep talking Excuse me. Anniversary. Excuse me. Anniversary. Um, yeah. Sir, could you, could you move your Nachos. They're on my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are. Can't believe it's been a whole year. I know. This has been the best year.... This has been the best year of my life / Me too. I've never thought I'd love someone this much I feel the same way You're so generous and kind and you're amazing in bed! It's our anniversary. Knicks fans. Please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboards. Someone has a special question to ask. Oh, how lame! Oh, it's so tacky and impersonal. Really? Oh, it's the worst way to propose. Excuse me. Hey. Here's my recommendation, here. And I think you would be very, very happy. It's the longest I've ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. I don't, uh, understand. Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for you. It doesn't make any sense. Of course it does. It's smart. I used the thesaurus On every word? Yup Alright. What was this sentence originally? Oh."They're warm, nice people with big hearts." And that became "They're humid, preposessing homo- sapience with full- sized aortic pumps." Yeah, yeah. And hey, I really mean it, dude. Hey, Joey. I don't think we can use this. Why not? Well, because you signed it,"Baby Kangaroo Tribbiani" Honey, why don't you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself? You know what? You don't need the thesaurus. Just right from here. Your full- sized aortic pump. Amy, hi. I took your advice. I left Myron. Oh, good for you! / I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! Yes, you are! Oh, I'm so pround of you / Oh, thank you. So can I stay with you? But Erin Brockovich had her own house. Ah...look who's back. Why do you have bags? Rachel, why does she have bags? I'm staying with you guys. What? We're going to be roomies. Come on. Slept out here? Well, Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling "Myron, get off" But, uh, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we're getting rid of her. Joey, I can't do that! Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said " Whoa, whoa, whoa. The moment on the lips, forever on the hips" I don't need that kind of talk in my house. Joey. Look, I know that she's difficult. But I think it's really good that she's here. Cause we'll appreciate it more when she's gone? No, it's just...Look, you know, when I first moved to the city, I was a lot like her. I was spoiled, self- centered and you guys really took care of me. Yeah, Monica made us. Well, whatever. I really appreciate it cause I don't think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn't for you guys So you know, I want to help Amy for you guys helped me And I know it's going to take patience but that's okay Good morning / Yeah Amy, that's what I was supposed to wear today. That's why I hung it on the door. Oh, sweetie. You can't pull this off. Amy, you know what? I was thinking that, um, maybe now would be a good time for us to sit down and, uh, you know talk about your future. Oh, I can't, honey. I'm going to go get my eyebrow shaped I am not happy Oh, sure you want to eat that? I'm curvy and I like it! Hi / Hi I just had the worst anniversary ever. I doubt that. Tell her about ours last year. Oh, well, I bought Chandler a 500 dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. Seriously? Word Well, mine was worse than that Well, what happened? We were at the game and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing Oh, that is so tacky. Well, that's what I said. But it turns out Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night. Oh my God! Mike was going to propose? Phoebe, that's huge Well, do you want to marry him? Ah, yeah! I really do! Yes but after I dumped on the way he was going to propose to me I don't think he's ever going to ask again. I mean I said no on Barbados and now this? She's right. If I were a guy and... Did I just say "If I were a guy"? Maybe you don't need him to propose to you. Maybe you can propose to him. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Isn't that a little desperate? I proposed to Chandler. Alright. Moving on. - Well, I don't think it was desperate. I think it was amazing. - Thank you Well, do you think I should propose? I think it could be kind of great. Absolutely! You'll love the feeling. There's nothing like it! Okay. okay. So how should I do it? How about at a game on the big screen? Huh! How about at a foot locker? What? What? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to. Plus, he'd never suspect it. Yeah, that does make sense. Okay. Now would, would you two like that? Sounds good to me. But what would a guy think? Uh, nana's on the phone. Well, it's interesting since she died seven years ago She did? Who got her condo on Boca? Hello It's our nanny Hi Oh God. I hope you feel better. Okay. Bye. That's Molly. She's sick Can you watch Emma today? I can't. I have back to back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting Menstral cramps I don't think that's what this is Can any of you watch Emma? No, sorry sweetie No. I've got work and then I'm proposing. Shoot. What are we going to do? Oh, I can do it Well, actually. Can I talk to you for a sec? / Yeah. Um, I do not want her baby- sitting our child Why not? Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella. Ella's a nice name. Fine. We'll call the next one Ella. What? The next one? / Okay. I don't want her watching our baby. Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her She just offered to do something for another human being Honey, I, I don't know Ross, I'm telling you. She's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this, alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? Ah...Listen. I couldn't help but overhear cause I was trying to Listen, let me do this. I really want to help you guys out and, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me. Absolutely Oh, great So how much does it pay? Hey, Joe. How's the second draft of the letter coming? Great. I'm finished In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency You dropped it off? / Yeah Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? No can't do, amigo. No, I didn't use a computer. I felt more personal to hand- write it. You hand- wrote it? Yeah and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See you later Oh my God! Oh my God! That letter's going to go in our file. We're never going to get a kid No, we're going to, we're going to be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds. It's okay. It's okay. You know what? I will just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter / Okay. Good Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a hand- written recommendation letter and Ah ha. Ah ha Okay Thank you. Good bye Oh, we're screwed, aren't we. You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store They loved it / What? They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter They thought Joey was a child? She guessed 8, 9 based on his drawings. Hi. Hey, what did you guys do today? Ella wanted to go out. So we went shopping and got some sushi That sounds like fun / Yeah, not really Babies are dull Hey Hi, how's my girl? Oh, I'm fine And I got you a present for letting me stay with you Ready? / Yup Ta- da You piereced her ears? Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been a surprise. Now would it? I think she looks cute but I am wrong Oh my God. Oh my God. Here comes Ross. He is going to flip out Why? Did something happen to his falafel cart? Hi Guys / Hey Ross Ross / Hi Emma Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? - She can barely see - I don't really want her to see Why, why not? Because there are so many terrible sights in this world Like war or that that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it, it looked like meat. Come here, come here. HA! There she is. Hi What? Nothing Hi What? Please tell me those are clip- ons. Oh, they're real Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her I know. I know and you were right, Ross. Okay? You are so irresponsible. I am never letting you baby- sit ever again Hey, you know what? This kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt. I'm a cool fun aunt / Okay Hey, Monica can be cool and fun and organize indoor projects. I can't believe this. All I wanted to do is help you try to figure out what to do with your life And this is how you repay me? Well, I don't need you to help me because I already know what I'm going to do with my life Oh, yeah? Since when? Since today I am going to be... a baby- stylist What? That's not a thing! Well, it should be. I'm going to help babies learn how to accesorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimmin' Babies don't care if they're slim! Enter Amy Amy, I just, I just, I just want to.... What? What are you going to do? No more falafel for you! Great game, huh? Uh- huh. Uh- huh Why do you keep looking at the screen? I'm not. I'm praying Please let the Knicks win Thank you, Thor Where're you, where're you going? I'm going to go to the bathroom. Well, I think you should wait / Why? Well, if you don't, if you don't hold it in, you don't, you don't get all the nutrients Knicks fans. Please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard Someone has a special question to ask Mike Hanigan, will you marry me? Get a load of this She's proposing to him Guess we know who wears the pants in that family That's not very enlightened Hey, hey Boo us? Boo you! Hello Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani Oh, hi. I'm glad you liked my letter No, my mommy and daddy aren't home right now Okay. Bye bye. She was nice Joey, get Amy's bags. She is moving out! Oohoo! You're kicking me out? You put holes in my baby's ears. Yeah, well, at least now people will know she's a girl! I can't believe I have even tried to help you! You are so beyond help You know what? Ever since I've got here, you have been nothing but negative Excuse me? You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment Then I tried to help your daughter de- emphasize her flaws And suddenly I'm the bad guy? Joey, where are those bags? She has a lot of crap! You know what? When I moved in here, I thought this is going to be so great. Just us sisters back together again like when we were kids except without that stupid Jill. Oh, who has gotten fat by the way? Seriously? / Um- hmm Mom says she gained like 15 pounds Hips or thighs? Ass and face / Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins She was. Carbs found her See? This is what I wanted. Two sisters talking about real stuff Oh, I can't give you that You can / Yeah I just, I keep trying to make you a better person but you're, you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are Thank you I've got to admit Emma does look cute Did you just say Emma? Oh, I'm sorry. Ella. That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about Mike, obviously you have balls Please let's just forget the whole thing. I would love it Consider it forgotten / Thank you But just so you know however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes Whether, whether, you know, it's at a basketball game or in skywriting or you know like some lame guy in a cheesy movie, " Hide it in the cake" It's in the cake, isn't it? Where else would lame Mr. Noballs hide it? What's the matter with me? Why do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, it's my fault I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I want to do is tell you that I love you and I, I want to spend the rest of my life with you and I'm going to do this now Oh my God! Phoebe, I.../ Wait, wait. Oh, no. Great? / Uh- huh Phoebe, I love you There's no one else in the world I would ask to marry me Three times But I want to take care of you, have babies with you and grow old with you Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? Yes I love you I love you more Not possible She's going to be Mrs. Noballs So how's the baby styling business going? Not that great. It's... it's almost as if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly That's shocking Oh, it's Ross