Oh My, you adoption interview yep, We gonna meet the lady who could be carring our baby I can't beleive it when you guys come back you gonna have a baby it's so weird and, It's so incorrect She is only a couple months pregnant and she liked our application But, who knows if she's gonna like us Oh come on, she is gonna love you guys Oh, thank you. but we're really trying not to get our hopes up and the locket is still in norway Yeah, I mean this girl can decide against adoption or she'd like an other couple better What you are gonna name the baby I can develop a condition which I talk and talk and no one hears a word But, just think okay, what if every thinggoes right What if this woman does pick you guys Oh my God, she's gonna pick us So we're standing from the noching our hopes up I know that things could still go wrong, but if they don't If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler! a baby Yes...Oh my God, it's gonna work we're gonna make it work I'm gonna be a momy, and you're gonna be a daddy Well, I'll see you suckers, I'm gonna get me a baby Ohh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy So no one told you life was gonna be this way (clapclapclapclapclap) Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's D. O. A It's like you're always stuck in second gear When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year But...I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too. Hey, who is Phoeby with? I wanna say someone I'm gonna have sex with Hey. Hey. so who's your friend? Oh, that's Sara No, no, don't you get any ideas, ok I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends wow, why, why because you date her once sleep with her, and forget that she exists ohk, name one friends of yours then I did that way Mandy Mandy hahh Really hot blonde, big boobs No that's why, I don't remember her huhh Do you think that I'm someone else Ok, look, I may not treated your friends well in the past But, t have growen up a lot, really honest, Rach Yeah, beleve it or not: it's true When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful he was thaughtful and mature and for the one week That we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else Growth Fine, I'll give you her number Ok, thank you, and I promise you I will not forget this one Mandy. SARA Sara (ps, she didn't write the number) Hey, Hi you guys, I need some fashion advice How this look? Well, it's little low, pich it up a little no, little bit more, little bit more There you go, now throw it away Come on, this looks good Ross, please trust me I buy, 30 fashion magazines a month No, I don't know who is running for president or who's that Nido guy is but I do know that you have to get far away as you can from that hat Damn it, I have this date tomorro night and I have to look cool well you know, if you want a fashion help Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow you're more than welcome to come with us, right Really, that would be great, I mean I have to do something She's kind tease me about hwo I dress I can see why, nice shirt You're wearing the same shirt stupid gap in every corner Please, make your self confortbl and I will be back in a moment with Erika Thank you Oouf, well, this is it You ok Yeah, it's just weird you know it's like.. Hi, I'm Chandler, may I have the human growing inside you You gonna be great you're gonna be great Well obviously Monika, Chandler I want you to meet Erika Hi, it's so, so nice to meet you thank you so much for agreeing to see us I let you get aquinted okay So, it's Monika and Chandler, how I know you is File Cr w33a15. d That's how our friends call us hash, you know you're just.. such an amasing couple, tha's kind of intemedating I don't know about that you kidding me, I mean it's enough that you're a doctor, but on the top of you you're married to a reverent I don't think that's exactely.. let her finish doctor Hey, Hey. oww, my friend Sara had a great time lastnight so you're gonna call this one back huua, nop what are you talking about Sara is great Oh really, you know what your great friend did We were out for dinner okay? we were getting long and having a really nice time I was thinking she was really cool, and then I don't know where That's it, that's why you want go out with her again she took some fries. big deal Hey, he look. it's not about few fries, it's about what the fries represent what..? all food Well, I'm sorry. I, I can't beleive I set you up with such a monster hEY HEY, look. I take a girl out she can order what ever she wants The more the better, all right just don't order a gardin soud and then eat my food That's a good way to loose some fingers Ohh, thank God, you're here listen to this what? so Joey and my friend were out last night having dinner and she reaches over, and takes a few of his fries Ohh no. What?! You, you know about that, that the plate thing Oh yeah, yeah Joey doesn't share food I mean just the last week we were having breakfest and, and he he had a couple of grabes on his plate you wouldn't let her have a grabe Oh no, not me. Emma Joey dosn't share food Well, I still think that is stupid reason not to call someone again You are calling her, okay and if you need to, then just get an extra plate of fries for the table I like that a sharing buffer, yeah, yeah I order some extra fries may be a plat of onion rings and somebuffalo wings may be individual pizza hahn and some mozzarilla steakes What were we talking about? waw this place is owesome You know what, we should just go I'm not gonna find anything here this stuff is ridicoulouse Akh, this place is great waw Rach, come on I'm not gonna wear any of this nothing silver, nothing with hear, and nothing with headlocks on it Ross, look I know that some of this stuff is out there But, I mean, come on look at this, oh look at this sweater I mean this is just beautiful waww, this is really soft 350 dollers down from 700 You're saving like 200 bocks Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today Hey, check this out it's totaly you..waw Oh, actually this looks looks pretty good, yeah Boys will be boys What they will be all right that's it I'm goinig out of here No, no, no, Ross wait come on, all right, you know what This, other stuff here, there is some nice shirt this nice pants actually this may look pretty good on me yes they will, you know you should do just take a walk, I know your size and I'm gonna pick up some really good stuff for you really yes and I know what looks sexy on guys please, just wear what I suggest she is gonna gets nut for you so you're saying, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers Why the men keep talking to me like this So the fact that I'm a docter and my wife is reverent that's important to you Yeah, I read some great applications but then I thaught you're better than a minister to rise a child Amen Plus I thaught that the baby will be in good hands with a doctor Good hands healing hands reverent, can I ask? the bible said any thing about adoption It says do it and be hold she did adopt onto them a baby and it was good waww Yeah waw I was wondering, you both has such a serious jobs would you have time to take care of a baby and your flak I don't know my flak, my flak is good my flak, pretty much takes care of him self by this point Good flak, flak, flak, flak But being a doctor that must take a lot of time Not, from me it doesn't So, everything is going in here we're great, I think I may have asked all my questions Good, do you have any questions for her Yeah actually So you had a file that you liked and gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us hop, yeah. our system insures totlal anonymety we're very proud of it You should be ou're really on top of the stuff well, then if there is nothing else the two of us should talk Yeah actually I don't think we have to You don't yeah, when I read about you two I was pretty sure I wanted you But, I thaught we should meet face to face I've made my desicion I choose them my God this is great, it's so great did you hear that yeah I did Hey, thank you. thank you so much you're so going to heaven this stuff, yeah I'm not sure about some of the brose I got Oh, really. you wanna try some of them on for me Ok wait, are we Joey's imagination Oh no, I took one of Ross's bag, by mistake and one of mine is missing oh well Ross probably has it you can get him from him later So, what do you think? I think we aren't wearing the same shirt anymore Yeah, rachel pick it up for me she told me to trust her and you know what I'm glad I did. I take quiet few heads on my way over here Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that Ohh, I see. somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies I think someone is the ladies You're just jaleous because you couldn' pull this off, yeah now if you'll excuse me I have a date See all eyes on me We're not signing those papers why not It's wrong they made a mistake, they think that we are somebody else God works, in mesterious ways you're gonna stop but she liked us she likes dr. chandler and reverent Monica If you think about it I'm kind of like a reverent I mean, as a chief, I serve God By feeding the hangry and poor your veal top is 19. 95 Chandler, I think we had been given an opportunity I mean the mistake is already been made They are writing up the papers, right now but we are not the one she chose how can you feel okay about this because, we may not be who she thinks we are but no one could ever love that baby more than us I know I mean who know, how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby What if, no one ever picks us Oh honey Please, we are so close Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child she deserves to know who it's going to Okay, you're right so, we'll tell the truth, then who knows may be she'll like us for us may be she will akh! why couldn't be a reverent Your jewish technicalty garden salade for the lady oh that looks great, good ordering sea food plate for the gentelman and extra fries. enjoy Those fries look delicious Oh I didn't know you like french fries help your self what's mine is yours are those clums yes they are my staft clums how about those fries though they are delicious you're beautiful, you know that that is so sweet now look what you did what's the matter with you I don't like when poeple take food off my plate. okay but, You'd just said, what's mine is yours well I didn't mean it fine, I'm sorry. I didn't think that is a big deal look I'm sorry. I'm overracting okay just, when it comes to food I've certain rules, okay I mean There are thing that you do and you know things that you don't do waw, this place is great oh you're gonna love it I'm so glad, we're finally doing this me too so this was fun I really am sorry about before I just wann make sure you know that I really do like you sure, just not as mush as clums well stufs clums Chocolat tark for the lady cheese cake for the gentelman Oh excuse me sir, there seems some sort of rat crappe on my cheese cake Oh, yeah that's riz berrycouly just stupidordering a cheese cake, trying to be healty Oh my God. I'd like to have what she's having instead oh well, I'm sorry sir, that was our last piece Oh, no this is work, I should call in? , excuse me oh sure what are you doing I thought you don't share food sure I do Kouly Ohh noo If I can't have your clums you can't have my desert this is a two way street really? really.. Now this all better be here when I come back Yeah of course I can control my self stop starring at me wah just a tiny little I'm not even sorry Hi, so these are the prelemenary forms for an adoption there is a lot to get over but I will explain every thing while we go through is that a picture yeah this is an hologram that we took of the baby last week I thaught you may be want to see it look doctor look before, we sign anything we really have to talk we're not who you think we are I don't understand the agency, must have make some mistake my wife isn't a reverent and I'm not a doctor what? that's impossible I could perform an oparation on you and proove it if you like I can check it excuse me So who are you? Well our names are really are Monica and chandler we're from Newyork but the important thing to know about us is how much we will carefor this little baby so you lied to me before well we borrow folt withness see I can be a reverent I can't beleive this But we wer e hopping that since wetold you the truth that you still want to may consider given you my baby you think, I'll give yo my child after this you don't have to decide right now If you could just look at our file I don't want to look at your file this is over Erika wait I have nothing to say to you you have every reason to be upset we did lie but only because, we've been waiting and tryin to have the baby for so long and we don't know how long it's gonna be before we get an other chance againe why don't she ask a reverent to pray on it Erika please Just considere us ask them to see our file our last name is Bing, my wife is a chief and I'm in advertising oh yeah, I actually likeed you guys but it doesn't matter because what you did was rong but you liked us and you should my wife is an incredible women she is loving and devoted and carring and don't tell her I said this but the woman is always right I love my wife more than any thing in this world and it kills me that I can't give her a baby we really want a kid and when that day finnaly comes I'll learn how to be a good dad but my wife she is already there she is a mother, without a baby Please you still want that baby God bless you Chandler Bing It turns out that sweater is made for a woman why you still wearing it because it's soft hey so how is your date not so good well, looks like it's just the two of us down on hell boddy yeah, and you know what