Yah. We don't feel like we can host thanksgiving this year. What? What? What, are you kidding? What are you talking about? Well, it's just with the work, the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it fair that every year the burden falls on us. That don't sound like you. That's Monica talking! No, no, we made this decision together! She's putting words in your mouth! Not you put words in peoples' mouth, you put turkey in peoples' mouth. I can't believe this, this is Emma's first thanksgiving! No, it's not. It's not? When was she born? Personally, I think it's great that you give yourself a break. Thank you, Phoebe. Just as well, last year was very good, it won't be better again. What? You are a way off, lady! Am I? What? Am I? Well, you could do a thanksgiving and prove me wrong! Think about it, think about it, you are trying to get on top of what you did last year. You'll be in competetion with yourself. That's my favorite kind. Ok, we are doing this! Don't let yourself get manipulated this way. Stay out of this Chandler, this is between me and me! We are supposed to make these decisions together. Did you know what the doctor Filler tell you? F-R-I-E-N-D-S Hi! Happy thanksgiving! Yeah, happy needless turkey murder day! I've ordered some chocolate pies from the baker & blicker, could you pick them up for me? You are not making the pies yourself? You know, I don't make chocolate pies. When I was younger, I entered a pie eating contest that I ate so many of them, and they just make me sick. Did you at least win the contest? Two minutes twelve pies and I was part of the one ten! Okay, I'll see you girls at four. Can't wait! Hey, Rachel, what's Emma doing today? Well, she, I know that she had a meeting with her lawer, and then she has to make a very big poop. Why? Well, I wanna enter her in a baby beauty passion. Oh my god! That's the greatest bit I've ever heard! I heard it long before you know, my friend Susan is entering her kid and comparing to Emma, she's a real dog! Oh.. Pheobe, all babys are beautiful! Oh, okay. Phoebe, just the idea of pittng one baby against another, I mean you know in judging who is cutier, just for a trophy? A thousand dollars. It's something I am very interested in! Please don't tell Ross. He doesn't believe what's inside.... Oh, and there is a prize for the competetion! Well, Emma is going to get a prize on thansgiving! Well, I was thinking. Take the cloths off Joey's penguin! Someone dropped his bayonet again? Why wholly from Kansas, to do that? I don't get older, I just get better! Well, it just occurs to me, it could be the last thanksgiving there's only two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon. You don't know that! Somebody's gonna to pick us. We haven't heard anything from the adoption agency, and it has been weeks! I tell you, it's gonna happen. Next year it will be you, me and little Hemingway being! What, he's my favorite author. Name one of his books. The Firm? Okay, let's see. The turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready. You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year. Oh, Chandler, that's sweet! But did you do everything that Doctor Feel told you to do? I am serious, just le me do something. Not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing high-profile. Let me see... Oh, the cranberry sauce! It's easy, and normally no one cares about it! Tell me more? Okay, I have to go & check something across the hall, you start by washing this. Not with soap! You obviously haven't tasted my palmalo potatoes. Hey, guess what Joey has? Three tickets to today's Rangers' game! Dude, I wanted him to guess! Oh my god! Ya, they are great seats, too! Guess what they are! Sunnerise. Did I do something to you? Emm, the game's at one. So? Dinner's 4:00. We won't make it back. So, we will leave before it is over, that will be enough time. You say that now but it takes a long time to go back home. Plus that Joey can get lost and make it pages us to pick him up. Do two times of that happen? Look, Monica is working hard for the dinner all day she wannt the thing she hosts in the first place. We shouldn't go! He's right, man. Alright, I guess. So see you at four. And get ready to taste my very special cranberies. Or should I say, Chan-berries? That's some gentle comedy do. We should go to the game, right? Ya! Hey! Hi,listen, Phoebe, I don't like this place. This place just freaks me out. Have you watched that guy over there? I don't think him was a kid! But you can't leave now. There is only one baby has been favored to win to win but he got a cold, he has to stay home. This competetion just blew wide open folks! Phoebe, it is so weird. People here wears thing as if running the videos on! Oh, I know that I should have been more prepared. It's okay. The way I see it, a real competetion is Cameron. Oh, my god they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms, looks like a man! Phoebe, come on, it's already 3 oclock now and they haven't got to Emma's group yet, we have to go, we have a dinner! But Emma will get what she takes and then we can go off the way! Phoebe, you have to calm down. Okay, Rachel, the hottest babies in this area are in this room, right now! I have ever heard a judge say that they haven't handle that kind of Emma! Really? Ya! You heard them say that? Ya. Okay, alright, okay, let's give those babies something they can cry about! Hey, great, let's get down to the business! Emma needs some make up. What? She's gonna look better than the other contestants. Phoebe, I am not letting you put make ups on my baby! Why not? Because I already did! Oh! Get on! What a game! I know, yeah! I can't believe Chandler's missing that. I sorry that he is not here but what I gonna say is that I really enjoy Natural Chips. Probably I can enjoy more giving that I can handle my weight. Oh!!! It is so great! I know, I know! When I was here on my holiday, I was sitting so far away that Michelle Kuang can't read my banner. Hey, we'd better leave now, back for dinner. But it is really a tight game! We can be a little late, you know the girls will be there, let's stay for one more goal. Oh, no. One more fire, okay? Okay. Where is everybody? They are already forty-five minutes late. I can't believe that they are not here! I slaved, and I slaved for what? They've ruined the Cranberry Day! How late are we? Forty-five minutes. Ouch. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, so they've probably started, so we just sneak in, and none knows we are here and none know where we were. You may wanna lose that finger? Oh, no no no, you just want to put it on your hand. You are not in the thanksgiving? No, no we are late! What are you doing here? We are late, too! We don't think we can be late because we think that you two gonna be on time! Don't point that thing at me! So, nobody's here and Monica's gonna kill us! Where were you? yeah, what was the trophy? Well, we were at a spelling being. And I won! You won at a adult spelling being on thanksgiving day? Y-E-S, yes! Let me see this... Grand Super Little Darling, New York Division. That's me! You two entered Emma into a beauty contest? Well, what a beauty she is with the make up and bonnet? Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen this bonnet? I can't believe this, she's our daughter! And you treated she like a show-dog, is that excusable? Well, she won us a thousand dollars! So,  is this an annual thing? Ah! That makes me memory of that! You guys, there are people there they are not getting any happier! God, what are we gonna do? I don't know, you guys figure it out, I gonna put Emma down not. Oh, Rach, at least get something what we can make. What we gonna say? We say that we were mugged, you can't get mad when someone's mugged! That's good, but you don't look like that you are mugged. Hi! Did you hear something? There are all there! Let me see! Oh, I cannot believe that, they are all one hour late and they just stand there talking! Everything is so distorted, looks like Joey has a giant hand! It says "Rangers" on it, they went to the game! Oh, oh, there are an inferno world of pain! Ross's shirt is torn. They are late, and sloppy! Alright, Emma's napping. What happened to your shirt? I got mugged, and they stole my pocket. Rach, we are just trying to figure out an excuse. Oh, think this, we can say that Monica told us it is five o'clock, not four o'clock, so we arrived on time! Or, We can place PCP in the apartment and cups in the corner! It would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around. You can just say that she said it was five oclock and we are just causal, we are not late and we are on time! We know you are out there. Where do you think it's from? Oh god, it is bad, it is so bad! Well, let's just go in there and face them. I am not going in first. The face that angry Monica has will just make me crazy. I hate that thing, it's like a "Boddle Lightening." Hey, I have an idea, we play Rock-Paper-Scissors and the loser's going in first! Okay, okay, I am ready. Ready? Ah, I win! What is that? That's fire, beats everything! Oh, really? Does it beat a water ballon? Well-played, Phoebe, well played. Well, okay okay, let just go in at the same time! Okay. It's locked! Sure, now they locked it. But when they are in the couch waiting for sex, they just say, oh, coming, my body is surprisingly hurry! Alright, come on. How are you guys? We are so sorry that we are late, please let us in thus we can have dinner together. No, everthing is cold, the turkey has dried out and the stuffings are saggy. Yah, and the bowl of cranberry sauce is.... What happened with the cranberry sauce? Nothing, it's fine. Oh, thank god. Come on, you guys, we are sorry, our car broke down. It's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand! I've told you to take it off! You guys, it doesn't matter whether we are late, we are all here and just let us come in and have the delicious turkey! I dream of that piece, it isn't that? That's all the turkey you'll gonna get! How are we going to decide who get this? Water balloon! What are we gonna do, I am starving! Oh yes! I just remember some thing we can eat, Monica has left something in the oven this morning! Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry! Guys, listen to me, the veins are bigger than what I have ever seen! Oh my god it is brussel srouts! What's that, it's no food! Ah-huh, are you guys think Monica's stinky sprouts? Stinky? Please let me stay on this side of the door! Oh, I know, I still have my old key! We can just unlock the door! I don't think that is a good idea, they clearly don't want to be with us. You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but on Thanksgiving, we should-not-be-together should be together! Let's just get in and make a face-to-face apology, look into my eyes, and they will forgive us. I don't know. I'm telling you. I can do it. Yeh, you can do it. No. Ah, they look so beautiful! The turkey, the stuffing, The cranberries? Enough, a monkey could make them! Hey, listen guys, we feel realy terrible, He's doing that weird eye-contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him. Come on, you guys, we want you to know that we are very, very sorry.... Right guys?? I feel terrible, sorry, sorry, sorry! Don't let us ruin this day, you worked so hard! Let's move pass it and have some nice meal together! The floating heads still make it a good point. Yeah, they do seems that they feel pretty bad. So bad, so bad, so bad. Okay, you two, go get the dessert, and I'll let you in. Dessert? Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right? Pies? Ah we thought you said "prize"? Here! Grand Super Little Darling? Congratulations! Oh my god, you forgot the pies? Well, I can't believe this! You forced me to make dinner, and you are one hour late and you forgot the one little thing I asked you to do! Really, girls are cool. Well, are you man heads any better? You lied about going to the game, you know it will make you late and you still wend anyway. I get a little tired, we said we are sorry. It's thanks giving for thanks, a day of forgiveness! The day to be thankful. Don't make me come up there! Too late for apologies! Fine, let us go, I don't need it for dinner! It will be a lot more convincing if you want drolling. Oh, is it what it is? Sorry. Hi, you guys, let's just do our own thanks giving! Yeah, I'll cook! Yeah, let's go out! You three, have a nice thanksgiving! The three of us? You, Chan, and the Vain! A-o, I'm stuck! Joey, that is not going to work! No, seriously, I am really stuck in here! I'll pull you through! Ahhhhh! Stop, stop, I am worried about damaging my head! It's a little late for that! Hurry up, you gonna do something. This is not changing anything! We need to get something to increase the size of the space. We got turkey gravy! Bring it! I am sorry that I refered to the vain as the separate person. Here you go. Oh, that smells good. Okay, try it. It isn't working! Ah, we are going to unscrew the chains! Hurry, I cannot feel my ears! Can you ever feel your ears? Interesting! Chandler, where are your tools? Oh, I left them at my some where else! I don't have tools! I do, but Rachel borrowed them! I lent them to Ross. I gave them to Joey. I left them at the park. I am find that it is really a mess with them. I am already stuck by the brussel sprouts smell down his pants. Nice. Ok, I have to get that. When I get back I want you and your friends to be gone! Thanksgiving is over! The vain has spoken! It really stuck my head! Okay, I will pull the door and you guys push on the door as hard as you can and we may get enough room for him to get out, okay? Okay, so push! Just a separate kind, we are in the middle of something here... Oh, stop putting things in my pants! Come on, guys, push! Come on, push, push, push! My cranberries! I am all over of it! I can't believe what you've did, Monica's going to kill you! Look, look, look what the floating-head did! I don't care. What's going on? That was the adoption agency. And? We are getting a baby! Are you serious? There was a pregnant women in Ohio and she picked us! Congratulations, we are so happy for you! This thanksgiving can beat the last thanksgiving's ass! To Monica and Chandler, and that girl or boy in Ohio! I am so happy that you guys are finally getting a kid! Have you considered pragnanting? I can't believe that they called and we are actually getting a baby! I know how you feel! Really?