I'm a widow with two children to take care of. I didn't kill Cyrus, Keith. I've got a little conundrum. Nish says she egged the dean's Volvo on campus the night he was murdered. Mindy says she had the Volvo parked at the Neptune Grand all night. Any guess as to who's lying? Did you and Madison have sex over winter break? We were broken up at the time. You know how I feel about her. Fennel, you run first team today. Wait, coach- You want to keep your starting job, Mason, start showing me something. Let's go! Damn it! Can someone tell me just what the hell we're doing out there? We're on a basketball court in basketball uniforms, but what we're playing? That's not basketball. Where's the passing? Where's the teamwork? Where's your heads?! And where are you, Josh? You gonna pull your head out of your ass and start playing ball? You're getting back-screened every trip down. I'm trying, Dad. They just- I don't want excuses, Josh. I want you to grow up. You know what you got to do, so how about instead of whining about how you can't do it, you just man up and do it? Does that sound like something maybe you can manage? You know what, Dad? Not really. So, why don't you just lay off me? Josh, damn it. Don't. Don't what? Quit? Hey, that might be something I'm capable of. Wait! Josh, you don't want to do this. Your dad's been... Come on, everybody. So, they're killing us inside. Fennel, look alive. Well, look on the bright side. Of a twenty-point loss? In which the All-Conference small forward quit the team. Well, you did play a lot of minutes for a guy who had to quit the team first semester. That's a side, and it's somewhat bright. Me starting means Mason isn't. And that's been awkward. Why? If you're the better player... That's the thing. I'm not sure I am. It's just that Mason's always in the coach's doghouse, and I'm- You're you. So, he hasn't been speaking to me. Bright-side-wise, it's break-even at best. You get one more try. Well... I got nothing. Walk it off, Fennel. You doing okay? With the Logan situation, I mean? I've been trying really hard not to think about it, so thanks for bringing it up. "If you've eaten any of this breakfast, you now owe me. Invoices have to go out today. See you at the office." And I always fall for it. Mr. Casablancas, I don't suppose your buddy Logan Echolls is gracing us with his presence today. Doubtful. When they remove a grapefruit-sized tumour, they really recommend bed rest. You might let him know that if he misses another class, he shouldn't bother showing up again. He'll fail automatically. I'll let him know your prayers are with him. Mr. Echolls, I'm more than happy to give you your hamburger. We'd just like to take some of our trays. Leave the food and go. We're out of salt and pepper shakers. I'm afraid I can't do that, sir. We're running out of salt and pepper shakers. This needs to stop. Why don't you let me handle this? Yo, Logan. It's me. I'm coming in. I'm bringing the food. Wait here. Did you hear about the fire in Veronica's neighbourhood? Somebody's meth lab blew up or something. Bet you can see it from the balcony. I'm gonna take a shower. You guys go to town. You're not still looking for the fire, right? So, I got a message for you rom the guy who teaches our economics class. You got to show up, or he's gonna fail you. Sad state of affairs when I'm the academic on the balcony. So, in other news, I met this girl a couple weeks ago at a party. Hot! Like, volcanic hot. Like, I might have to use an oven mitt to feel her up. Blink if you understand. She's coming here tonight, and she's bringing her sister, who, I might add, she described as practically her twin. By the way, I did a little research on pathetic sad sackery, and "hot sister" is the recommended treatment. No, thanks. You sure? We're thinking about going to the swim team's beach blanket blow-out. You can wear your t-shirt that says, "I'd rather be home crying." So, per my understanding of contract law, my eating the breakfast in no way obligates me to perform any- My daughter, Veronica. She works for me. Veronica, this is Coach Barry's wife and son. Cliff brought them in. Coach Barry was found murdered last night beside the PCH. Sheriff suspects Josh, and we've been asked to help find the real killer. Veronica Mars 3×13 "Postgame Mortem" Transcript: Inigo [vmtranscripts.com] Synchro: Matteo, Michele Vieni a trovarci! veronicamars.it So, why don't you tell me what happened? I told the sheriff already. We had this fight at halftime, me and my dad. And, you know, I said I quit, and he got all mad. You know, it was like that. There's a spot out on the PCH, this little turnout overlooking the ocean. My dad goes there after losses just to sit and mellow out, so I went out to, you know, try and talk with him. What did you fight about? Dumb basketball stuff. "Buck up," "be a man," all those, you know, famous sports clichés. When I got there, I thought he already left 'cause his car wasn't there. Then I-I saw... I saw this body on the ground, and I saw blood. So, I ran over, and... it was dad. He was dead. Shot. You call the sheriff then? No, I couldn't. I mean, I-I-I tried, but you can't get a signal there, so I... I didn't know what to do. All I could think of was Mom and Bobby and... Bobby is his little brother. I just-I just drove home so they wouldn't have to hear it from the sheriff. When he came in, he looked like he was in shock. He had blood all over his shirt. I- I told him to take a shower 'cause I didn't want Bobby to see him like that. What led them to suspect Josh? Someone must have found Tom's body and called in, because after Josh showered, the sheriff arrived. He found the bloody clothes, then he found the ring... Tom's N.I.T. championship ring. You took the N.I.T. ring off your dad's finger? No, he left it for me. After I quit, I took a shower, and when I went to my locker, it was just in there. I figured it was some kind of peace offering or something. That's why I went out to find him. The PCHers have been responsible for a number of carjackings out there. I don't know why the sheriff is so focused on Josh. Those gang kids killed Tom. They stole his car. It's obvious, and he should be after them. Is there anyone else who might have had a grudge with your dad? Mel Stoltz. Josh. Well, he hated dad. He told anyone who listened he wanted him gone. Mel Stoltz, Stoltz industries? Hearst's primary benefactor. He wanted your father fired, not dead. We'll look into it. And don't worry about the sheriff. He has a long and proud history of being wrong. And I'm very sorry for your loss, Mrs. Barry. We'll do everything we can. It's as bad as she says? Lamb's going after the kid? Well, he was thinking very hard about it, or he really had to pee. It's hard to tell with that man. And you believe the wife? She could be lying to cover for her son. There's always a chance. I mean, I believe her. I've believed many things that turned out to be lies, but, well, you know, why even ask me? Well, how about the little brother, Bobby? He can back up their story. Bobby is severely autistic. He won't be testifying for anyone. Dude, you're not helping. I'm aware of that. I live here, too, you know. This is my home. People walk in, they don't think, "this little clean area is Dick's, and the hidden bottles of urine are Logan's." They think "Silence of the Lamb's basement," and their desire to get naked near me takes a nose dive. You're lucky you're rich. This would be completely disgusting. Hello, gorgeous! Come in and meet Logan. He doesn't normally look like this. Uh, some chick ripped out his heart and stomped on it. Logan Echolls, Melinda and Heather Button. Which one's yours? Hey, Weevil, I'm trying to have a word with whoever's running the PCHers these days, and I was hoping you might be able to hook me up. Sure thing. Let me just call my parole officer and give him a heads-up I'll be cavorting with known criminals. I'm on the straight and narrow. It's official business. I could get you a few hundred bucks. It's a true fact. The swim team is crazier than any frat on campus. They're wild men. It's a party on the beach, like with a bonfire and stuff? I want to go so bad. So, let's go. - So, maybe you could keep an eye on- - No. I don't need a babysitter. I can just watch TV. Brilliant. Problem solved. Be good! You can order a movie if you want. I'm going to bed. You scroll through like that and click on whatever you want to see. Try to stay out of the porn. Gross. Stoltz industries. Thank you. Stoltz industries. Thank you. My appointment was for an hour ago. He's pretty backed up. We can reschedule you for next week if that works for you. Mr. Mars. Mr. Stoltz, a couple questions. I'll make it quick. Did you want Coach Tom Barry dead? And where were you at the time of his murder? I'll call you back. Barry was a loser. It's been six years since our last conference title. I wanted him gone. Fired would have been fine, but dead... it does the trick just as well. As for my whereabouts, I was 35,000 feet in the air on a plane travelling back from Seattle. You mind telling me the airline? - Air Stoltz. - Air Stoltz, huh? I'll look into it. You do that. ["White Balloons" - Stephen Ashbrook] # Hey, you # I am one, and you are one, # and that makes two # And it's twice what we're used to You're still here. Either that or you're dreaming. They didn't come home. Where are you? Why aren't you here? Dude, I'm in Vegas. Things got a little crazy last night. We decided to take a road trip. - I think I'm in love, man. - Mazel tov. Get your ass back to Neptune. I would, but we just got here. The ride was a bitch. Imagine how much you'll hate it bound in the trunk of my car. It's not like you're leaving the suite anyway. And I wasn't going to play this card, but... shuffle, shuffle, shuffle... you slept with my one long-term girlfriend, dude. Their parents are out of town, so... I think a day of playing the nanny is the least you could do. Well, look. Be home by tonight. Yeah, yeah. Bye. I got you some eggs. But they're probably cold. Is that all you do is sleep? I don't know what to say. Gang kids are usually quite punctual. It's all right. Part of me actually hopes they don't show. Veronica Mars, scared of a few bikers? Not even a quarter college-educated and already you're square as- It's not the bikers, per se. It's more... what they represent. I rest my case. If they show, they probably didn't do it, which... would look not so good for Josh. If they don't show, there's a good chance they did it. Maybe they're here to confess. I am interested to see who replaced you at the top of the food chain. You brought me here to talk to her? You know each other? I caught Arturo here mugging pizza boys last year... and taped him to a pole. You gave me the impression running the gang was a man's job. It was. - Hey, I don't have to be here. - Sure, you do. The law is coming down on you hard. Lots of people think you're responsible for the coach's death. If it wasn't you, tell me why I should believe it. - '96 roadmaster. - Is that some kind of code? It's a car. Ten-year-old station wagon. That's what the paper said the coach was driving. You think we're gonna kill a dude over an $800 crap-mobile? Besides, guns? It ain't our style. So, what is your style? Nail board on the road. Target hits it. Tire goes flat. Pulls over. And just as the dude finishes changing the tire, we roll up. Your average white dude in a BMW... gets all jumpy when he's surrounded by brown people on bikes. They usually give up the keys without us asking. That all you wanted to know? - That's it. - Okay. Find out who did it. This dead coach is killing my business. Are you sick? No. You want me to put highlights in your hair? No. Could you show me how to hook up your Game Cube? Ooh! That was so awesome. Did you see that? Yeah, if you're Daisy or Peach, you can use a heart to protect you. If I had this game, I would play it every second. We should have a tournament. Yeah, I'm beating you as Peach. You need practice. Your life is so cool. You have this huge TV... with video games and a balcony. - You live in Neptune. - Yeah, it's Shangri-la. My family comes to Neptune every year for vacation. Do you ever go to Zip's? Best ice cream in the whole world. - No, no. Amy's is better. - It can't be. It can. And it is. I don't believe you. Why should you be any different than any other woman? So, are you all sad about a girl? Well, I guess so. I don't guess you have any extra-small clothes around? I'm starting to smell like you. Veronica, hey. Come on in. Hey. Can you show me the spot where you found your dad? The cops already checked. They didn't know what they were looking for. It's so weird that he's gone. - Are you close to your dad? - Yeah, very. That's cool. Were you close with yours? It's funny. He was my best friend and my worst enemy. Sheriff, there's a kid who says he saw something on the cliff the other night. You say you saw something? So, after the game, I was heading to San Diego to see my girlfriend. I'm heading down the PCH, and I see the coach's car... and the coach. He was arguing with someone. Did you see this someone? I went by pretty quick, but I got a good look. It was Josh Barry. No pieces of board or motorcycle tracks, but it's possible they were erased by other cars. It's weird. It... looks like a car went off right here. I don't get it. Why would they push the car over, I mean, if it was a carjacking? Something's up. Howdy, sheriff. A kitten get stuck up in a tree? Not now, Veronica. Josh Barry? You're under arrest for the murder of your father. Is this your girlfriend? - Mmm. Ex. - She's pretty. Is she? I hadn't noticed. Where the hell are you? You're supposed to be back. Guess what, dude. I'm married! Get back here, man. Dude, where's the love? I'm on my honeymoon. God. Where are you going? Oh, a guy I was chatting with online wants to meet me, so he's gonna pick me up out front and then take me to Zip's for ice cream. Yeah, you're not going anywhere. - Uh, yeah, I am. - No, you're not. -You can't make me stay here. - Heather- Like I'd really go meet a guy that I met online. Nicely played. So, who was that on the phone? Oh, just your brother-in-law. So, how's it going? The sheriff's a tool, but otherwise... You find out anything? They found your dad's car in the water below the cliff. Carjacking is off the list, and that's not great for you. What? God, now with Mason, it's like they're just lining up against me. I... I don't understand. Is there any reason Mason would lie about seeing you, grudges or anything? Just against my dad. He lost the starting job a few games ago. - Still... - He's got a temper. ...and a gun, I've seen it. At a party once, he was, like, showing it off. I told the sheriff. He didn't care. No one believes me. You believe me, don't you? At Mars Investigations, believing our clients is just one of the many services we offer. Is there anything I can get you? I don't know. Something to read, cookies, peanut butter if possible. A hacksaw. I can do reading materials, but the sheriff personally inspects all the food, and it rarely makes it back to the intended inmate. Well, I'll live. Hi, is this maintenance? Yeah, I was wondering if anyone at your airport refuelled a Gulfstream V last Friday. Yeah, that's right. About what time did you see Mr. Stoltz? Thank you. I got your call. Did I catch you at a bad time? I'm afraid I was calling to say I want off the case. I don't understand. Mrs. O'Dell, I found eggshell under the wiper blade of your Volvo, the car you were driving that night, the same night his office was egged by a bunch of disgruntled students. No, Keith, I-I didn't leave that hotel until just before dawn. I have no idea how eggshell ended up on the car. I can only come up with one answer, and it isn't one you'd like. But that's only half of it. I also discovered a mysterious call on your cell phone the night of your husband's death. You tracked down my cell phone bill? If you and Landry were together all night at the Neptune Grand, then why did you need to call his cell at 1:32 in the morning? I'm sorry. I don't know why. It doesn't make any... yes. I remember now. Um, I ran down to the lobby to get some toothpaste. - And you called Hank? - Yeah, it was for him. One of his students works in the hotel, and he didn't want to be seen by him. I just wanted to know what brand he used. Hello? Keith Mars, what can I help you with? Well, as you know, Dr. Landry, I'm working with Mrs. O'Dell to try to prove her husband was murdered, and I was just trying to tie up some loose ends. The crime Is that you've taken the case. Cyrus O'Dell killed himself. You're simply taking money from his grieving widow. I appreciate your firm ethical stand. I'll mull that over, but in the meantime, I was wondering why there's a cell phone charge between you and Mrs. O'Dell at 1:30 a.m. I was led to believe the two of you were together the entire evening. As I recall, she called me from the lobby asking what brand of toothpaste I preferred. I do hope that helps. Now, if you excuse me, I have a class. I appreciate your time. Look, I can't explain the eggshell. I wish I could, but I need to know if you're still working to find my husband's killer. - You still want me? - Well, you're digging, albeit in the wrong place, but... it's more than I can say about the sheriff's department. Why is that girl your ex? Because that's the nice thing you call people when you stop dating them. Well, why aren't you dating if you still love her? It's pretty obvious. - Because I screwed up. - How? I did something that I shouldn't have done, okay? - Well, did you tell her you were sorry? - Yes. Like, in a way so she knows you mean it? - Yeah. - Are you sure? I poured my heart out to her on her voice mail, and she never even called me back. She's done. Well, maybe you should try harder. Call her again. Well, you need to keep your mind on the race. You're not getting any better at this. How are the ponies treating you, Reggie? I'm still working here, aren't I? What's up? You want me to check up on your daughter again? Just want to confirm a client's alibi and I figured you'd be the guy to talk to. - What date are you looking for? - December 10. Oh, no can do, Keith. The hard drive starts recording over itself after a month. That stuff's history. Hey, if you know their plates, I could talk to my buddy who works valet. They keep those records in the computer forever. Mason, hi. I'm Veronica, Wallace's friend. Actually, I'm working with the Barrys. Oh, yeah, he told me. It's too bad. Looks like Josh's dad pushed him too far, huh? What did you tell the sheriff you saw that night? Oh, just what I saw. I was heading south on the PCH, saw the coach's car, saw the coach, saw Josh. - They were arguing. - Were they facing each other? Yeah. So, how did you see both? If you're coming this way and you see the coach arguing with someone, it sounds like that person's back is to your direction of travel. No, it was him. I saw his hair, the Hearst basketball jacket. And, yeah, I looked back and saw his profile when I went by. It was him. Josh suggested you've been pretty upset with his dad about losing your starting job. You really think that I would kill my coach because he wasn't starting me? A woman in Texas hired a hit man to take out the mother of her daughter's cheerleading rival, so, you know, I'm pretty much willing to consider anything. Where do you keep your gun? Man, screw you, okay? Did you suffer a blow to the head? It's work. They're for Josh. So, this means you believe him? I'm not sure. I certainly want him to believe I believe him. Ahh, sneaky. He may need some cheering up. I checked with Mason's girlfriend, she confirmed he was with her the night of the murder. - Dad, do me a favour. - Anything. - Don't get murdered. - Honey. Because I couldn't live without you, and all I've been doing is thinking about... what I would do if I didn't have you. Maybe you should let me handle this case by myself. You know that won't work. I only brood when I'm not doing anything. How did Mindy take it when you told her you dropped the case? I didn't quite drop it. She had an excuse for the phone call that checked out. I hit up my sources at the hotel, but they don't keep surveillance tape that long. Tell me again why you have a relationship with Neptune Grand security. I may have learned something bigger. According to valet records, someone took out the Volvo at 1:51 a.m. and returned it at 2:59 a.m. The witness said they heard the gunshot somewhere between 2:20 and 2:30. - I know. - So, it's one of them, Right? It has to be. It doesn't have to be, but it looks that way. My relationship at the Grand doesn't have access to registration receipts. You know anyone over there who might be willing to bend some rules? Possibly. Good evening, Logan's girlfriend. Veronica, right? That's... right. How can I help you? - You remember Rory Finch. - Your mystery guest. Haven't seen him in a while. Like, since December 10th? Precisely. That's his last day. Do you have a record of the charges made to the room that night? Let's see. They have a room-service charge, crème brûlée just before midnight. And then they started a pay-per-view movie at 2:02 a.m. I know it always says that the movie title isn't listed on the bill, but... you guys know, right? So true. It was Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. You don't have any way of checking to see who delivered the room service, do you? No, but I know who works the graveyard. His name's Jeff Ratner. They stuck him on the shift after they busted him for stealing toiletries. Ratner, eh? Come here! You have to listen to this. I called KRAC like 200 times. I kept getting this recording, and then finally, I got through. They're gonna play my request. Uh, local calls are two dollars each. I'm teasing. I've got a dedication going out from a very sad boy... to a very special girl. So, if you're out there and you're listening, Veronica, this is from Logan. He's sorry, girl, and he wants you back. # Now I'm broken # And I'm faded # I'm half the man I thought I would be # But you can have... # what's left of me Take it from the guy who has to clean up after him. You don't want what's left of Logan Echolls. He just lies around in bed all day and smells. Jeff Ratner. Just who I was looking for. Let's talk crème brûlée. I really wish you hadn't have done that. You're gonna thank me. Girls love that stuff. They like it when you make them feel like they're a big deal, like you'd do absolutely anything to be with them. People in love shouldn't break up. Giving up is just stupid. Okay, I'm starting to feel like I'm living in a hamster cage. Is there a workout room or something? Yeah, I'll show you. This is the room. This is where I brought the crème brûlée. This is right where I was standing when I heard the fight. Can I leave now? A fight? What kind of fight? People yelling at each other. What were they saying? You know, I didn't hold a glass to the door. You'd be surprised what you overhear working in a four-star hotel. I figured it was the wrong time to deliver the crème brûlée, so I left and came back later. Who answered the door when you came back? I don't know. Some lady. - The one you heard yelling? - No. - Are you sure? - Yes, I'm pretty sure. I heard two men yelling. Getting in? Hi. Hey. Is that my shirt? Yeah, she was out of clothes. It's her. It's her. It's her, isn't it? Oh, my God! Tell her! Tell her how you feel. Shut up. Excuse me, Miss Veronica? Yeah, were you listening to super hits 98? 'Cause there was just this dedication. Yeah, I, um, heard it. Well, it's true. Logan's sorry, and he misses you. And he wants you back. And you two should get back together... - because he totally loves- - This is our floor. Trouble in paradise? I can't believe you blew that. That was the most perfect opportunity. Why didn't you tell her how you feel? Because I'm not eleven, and I'm not delusional. You don't know a single thing about love, Heather. You know, it isn't writing someone's name o-on the back of your notebook and drawing a heart around it. It is easy to be happy all the time when you're eleven. You talk to me about love when you know something about it. Knowing that Dr. Landry and Mrs. O'Dell left the Grand in time to kill the dean adds a whole new level of weirdness to attending Landry's profiling class. Miss Mars, can I talk to you for a second? Good news. You've made it to the second round of the FBI internship. It seems that the feds were as impressed with you as I am. Oh. Great. Thanks for pushing me to apply... and the raccomandation. Well, I'm sure the dean's letter didn't hurt either. - The dean's? - I put a notice on the faculty blog asking if anyone would want to contribute an additional letter. Cyrus...came through for us. A copy of your application. Are you okay, Veronica? Yeah. Fine. It just reminds me of that one scene from Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. Really? Yeah, you know, after Robert Downey Jr. dies, Val Kilmer gets a message from him? Kiss Kiss Bang Bang? Robert Downey survives the whole film. Oh, I must be confused. And you brought up the movie with him? Yeah, and he was up on the details. It sounds like he watched it. Dad... Look at this. I guess Dr. Landry asked Dean O'Dell to write me... a recommendation letter for the internship at the FBI. "Dear Sir, in my twenty-five years working in academia, I have not come across a young person with more initiative, intelligence, and character than Veronica Mars. I enthusiastically recommend her and would be happy to discuss this remarkable young woman in greater detail. Sincerely, Cyrus O'Dell, Dean of Students, Hearst College." I would have settled for, "I find her nosiness charming." Man had good taste. Let's honour him by putting his killer behind bars. Agreed. Where are you? Hey, buddy. Got a question for you. You know a good lawyer? I know A lawyer. Good. I'm gonna need one. Like, we're on the road. We'll be home in a couple of hours. Wifey-poo wants to talk to you. Hey, Logan, is Heather doing okay? Yeah, is she ever not? Is she always like this, so... bubbly? That's kind of her new thing. Well, she started acting weird when our dad walked out. I don't think she can get it through her thick skull. It can really wear you out, huh? Just make sure she takes her Prozac, or she'll just drive you nuts. Go away! Well, now you made me want ice cream, so... I'm going to Amy's. Come with me if you want. So, any progress on the case? Your message sounded urgent. Significant progress, I think. Mrs. O'Dell, what can you tell me about Kiss Kiss Bang Bang? Um, I can tell you it's a movie. - Is that it? - Why on earth is this important? Because I heard that was the movie playing... in your hotel room at the time your husband died. Well, maybe Hank started it after I fell asleep. I also have the valet log showing that your Volvo... was checked out roughly thirty minutes before the murder... and checked back in roughly thirty minutes afterwards. No, then someone is framing me. Who was in your room with you that night? - Hank, but you- - Other than Hank. No one. A witness says he overheard two men arguing loudly at approximately midnight in your room. - No. Then-then he heard the TV. - I don't believe you, Mrs. O'Dell. I don't need to listen to this. You're off the case, Mr. Mars. You can fire me, Mrs. O'Dell, but I'm afraid you can't take me off the case. I quite liked your husband. Okay, this is better than the place I used to go with my parents. Well, with age comes wisdom. You know, you can play Mario Kart online. We should have a weekly game or something, keep you sharp. Quit flirting with me, old man. I'm eleven. Jeez. That's creepy. - You called me a freak! - I called your toes freakish. I didn't call you a freak. It's supposed to go big toe, little toe, and then on down the line, not big toe, bigger toe. You really make me sick. I make you sick? You're the freak. Ahh, newlyweds. Where the hell have you been? I've been waiting to go for like twenty minutes. Get your stuff. We're going. Fridays at four are good for me. There goes the old ball and chain, eh? I need a shower. Here you go, sheriff-approved reading material. I think you'll really enjoy the Dumas book. It's quite chunky. Thanks, Veronica. I've been thinking it over. It's Mason. Why else would he lie? It makes sense. You got to find that gun. Josh... if he did do it, he probably threw the gun in the ocean. Yeah. You're probably right. Thanks anyway for the stuff. Hang in there, okay? - You coming? - Let the learning begin. You miss me? In all these cases, the criminals operated for years unsuspected within the completely ordinary settings, the classic, "he seemed so nice," "he kept to himself." Knowing the signs, we can identify the criminal among us before... Oh, sorry, professor. I need one of your students. Veronica Mars? Miss Mars. You are under arrest... for the aiding and abetting of the escape of Josh Barry. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.