Dick got ahold of it somehow. Am I singing karaoke? It's you and Piz having sex. Unless it's a video from the future, that's not possible. We haven't had sex. Okay. Well, I mean, you were naked and fooling around. I assumed. And I thought you should know. That you're crazy? Oh, thanks, now I know. I guess you should see this. Why are you bruised? What did you do? I found Piz. We sort of had it out. I knew you wouldn't let him tape you like that. Stop. Just stop. I don't know why you're involved with this or what the hell is on this thing, but it's not gonna be me. Piz would never... You need to go. I was trying to help. Leaving would be helpful. Everything okay? Yeah. It was just Logan. I'll meet you at home. I'll make dinner. You can just walk in and feast like a princess, you spoiled brat. Perhaps a cheer? Actually, it does. I was kidding. Then no. Did it involve me being naked? Slowly, bro. You got to take it slow. How does walking make my ribs hurt? You should see the other guy. His hands, particularly... I-I tore those things up. He didn't really give me a reason. He sort of just burst into the deejay booth and started whaling on me. He's got bruised ribs. His eye's all jacked up. Not... Not really helping. Look, you didn't lose a fight, Piz. It was a drive-by, man. I guess he was pissed about that thing that happened at the beach? I think he still likes you. He... ...saw a video of us fooling around. Yeah, I'm on morphine. What? There's a video, Taken right here in this very room, of us... Adam-and-Eve-style, getting familiar. So, um, here's my question. Is this a thing you do that maybe you forgot to mention? - Veronica. - Just now is the time to come clean. You really think I would do that? No. I just don't understand how it happened. So there's an actual video. Well, where did Logan get it? I was about to go have a talk with him anyway. So maybe I can get some answers. - Wallace. - Oh, we're having a conversation. I'll deal with him. - Is he here? - Who? Logan? You know, I don't know if, um... Just so you know... The best way to show that you're still in love with your ex-girlfriend is to beat up her new boyfriend. - Parker, you're... - You're an idiot. What? "Parker, you're an idiot." That's not what I was gonna say. I know. You were going for something nice. The truth is that I am an idiot. You're not. There's just a lot to this that you don't understand. Like why I kept thinking that I mean something to you When it's always been Veronica? Wow. You should have seen that expression. It totally sold you out. - Are you gonna listen to me? - No! I look at you, and I know you love her. Piz videotaped them having sex - without her knowing about it. - Oh, god! Well, that's horrible! Well, you must have been devastated. I mean... - Veronica had sex with someone else? - She's your friend, too! Aren't you angry for her? Do you realize what this will do to her? Do you realize that we just broke up? Yeah, I didn't think so. What? Did he send up a flare? He's all yours, Veronica. Trust me... Not why I'm here. You know, it doesn't even matter anymore. Where is he? You, don't leave. We're having a little chat after. He's having trouble breathing because of his ribs. He got five stitches over his eye. Only five? You're a lunatic. You didn't know he was taping you? - Because he didn't! - Oh, come on, Veronica. Who else would have or could have done that? Here's what I know... It wasn't Piz, and it could not be less of your business. Aren't we trying to be friends? As your friend, I was angry at what happened to you. Someone's always supposed to pay, right? Isn't that the rule we live by? We tried to be friends, and it didn't work. This is the moment, Logan, right now, where it's just done. You're out of my life forever. Veronica Mars "3x20 - The Bitch Is Back" Raceman, BLue, www.forom.com Dick, get out here. What's up, V? If you had to bet? Look, from a guy's perspective, the video just made your stock go up. You looked great. Enthusiasm... always a plus. It's like you're this giant jackass piñata Begging for someone to beat the candy out of you. Where'd you get the video? Someone e-mailed it to me. Who? - Get your computer. - I probably deleted... After all these years, do you not instinctively fear me? Maybe you should write yourself a note. Chip Diller. You didn't know it was from Chip? Well, see how many e-mails I get? You forwarded it to your whole address book? It was instinct. I always forward porn. When it's good. You are going to be so popular in hell. Veronica. - Veronica. - I'm a little busy. Yeah, that figures. Can you shiv me, please? I didn't see the whole thing, alright. Seriously, just bash me in the head with your boot or something. I don't know what you plan on doing, but I'm offering my help. Whatever you need, I'm in. There's a good chance I'm going to take you up on that. And I'm back in high school. Goody. Chip. Moment of your time? I'm kind of in the middle of something. It's a cluster of morons. Don't worry. They'll let you back in. You know what I like about you? You got spirit. I want to talk to you. That's what you're doing. Could you put your head up your ass before they stuck the egg in there, or is this new? What do you want? Who sent you that video? Don't know, don't care. You don't care now. But holy crap, are you gonna care when I start to get my revenge on. You'll be doing all sorts of caring. Hey, Veronica, wait up. Domonick Desante... That's the guy who sent me the e-mail. So we're cool, right? Right? Everything's cool? Domonick. Yeah? Where did you get the video of me? I don't know what you're talking about. Your pubescent snickering tells me differently. Someone sent it to me. You should tell me who. Or I can assume that it originated from you. You can assume whatever position you'd like. I'm thinking choke hold... you gasping for your last breath. Shh, shh, shh, sweetheart, sweetheart. You are so much hotter with the sound off. You'll really be better off giving me that name. Yeah. Well, I guess I need to go quiver in fear now, so... See ya. Okay, then. Credit-card company made some sort of mistake. I have a ton of available credit on that card... A ton. I'll totally pay you back for dinner. It's kind of funny, right? It's like a cute little story we have. Wh... That yours? You must have some bad karma. * Because you had a bad day * [Daniel Powter - Bad Day] * You're taking one down * * You sing a sad... Anxious to find out how far I'll go? Or are you ready to give me that name? It was this guy, Gory, all right? Gory Sorokin. But seriously, you cannot tell him that I told you. Are you Gory? Who wants to know? Well, seeing as I'm the one asking, I'm guessing me. You do have nice pom-poms. I'll give you that. Are you coming in or what? You're shorter in person. Are you the one who planted the camera? Does it really matter? What do you think you could do about it? Ask Domonick Desante. I can make your life hell. I don't think you can. If you have proof that I'm involved in some way, maybe you should get a lawyer. If you don't, maybe you should just stay and have a drink. Yeah. I'm definitely gonna need a drink. Perhaps 12. I don't know... How many does it usually take For a girl to find you not gross? You know what I noticed today? Look really close at the welt under my eye. What? Is your eye okay? Yeah, I was just pointing out that this bright-pink part Looks kind of like the virgin Mary. I call this my miracle eye. - * My miracle eye * - shh! The pledges are picking up their instructions</i> At the north quad newspaper stand. Because I picked the spot, and that's where I picked. You just leave that to me, I got transportation worked out.</i> You know, you're adorable when you surveil. Do any of the fraternities do a late-spring rush? I don't think so. [Neko Case And Her Boyfriends - Set Out Running]</i> So who are these mystery pledges, and what do they have to do with my public humiliation?</i> * I can't be myself without you * * Want to crawl down deep inside * * The springs inside the mattress * * Where I cry my dirty secrets * * 'Cause I just can't shake this feeling *</i> * That I'm nothing in your eyes * Reading all about it? A guy's got to keep current. What are you up to? Just taking surveillance photos of everyone who takes a paper out of that machine... You know, for kicks. You aren't pledging any sort of fraternity, are you? You think I'd join a fraternity without telling you? I got to grasp at the occasional straw... nature of the business. So, what are you doing on this side of campus? Don't you have lab in, like, five minutes? Are you grilling me? I got to take this. Hello? You want what? Come back for office hours. We'll talk about this later. Oh, mr. Fennel. This is very strange, but when I left my house this morning, I found this taped to my front door. You look okay to me. Was this wardrobe change more of an olfactory issue? You tell me. I dropped my salad. Hm you can't really get vinaigrette out with a wet paper towel. They're doing an article on me for the Neptune Register. The interview's in a couple of days, but... they've got a photographer due here any minute. And you thought a photo of you in your boxers would hurt your lead in the polls? With clean pants, it's a smooth cruise into victory. And what a beautiful day that will be for Mars, the family; Neptune, the town; Milky Way, the galaxy. Sun will be shining. Birds will be singing. There'll be dancing in the streets. So smile pretty. Do you know what The Castle is? I think I've heard something about it. It's Hearst's version of Skull and Bones. They tapped me to join. So, this morning... This morning, I didn't think that The Castle had anything to do with that tape. Now I do. This girl called me a few days ago wanting to hang out, and I brushed her off. Basically, I lied and told her I had to go to a study night at my professor's house. After I saw you today, my professor gave me this. It's a message from The Castle. They knew where I was supposed to be. They bugged you? Yeah, and it just makes sense that it's the same device they used to catch you and Piz. Okay. I'm gonna need names and... I haven't met a single person... Not even another pledge. The person who tapped me, he isn't even a member. The whole rush process is done in messages. Well, they got one less guy to torture in hell night. Any chance you'd reconsider that? I'm sorry. That's crazy. That's way too much to ask. It's not. I can do it. How am I supposed to get names? I have a feeling there's no I.D. tags. Just get their faces. You know I can't draw, right? It's a camera. Snap a few shots of the guys when you can. When I got tapped, I went to the Hearst library and looked up everything I could on The Castle. There wasn't much. But there was this exposé. And look who wrote it. Thanks for meeting me. Who doesn't love a good chat with old friends about secret societies? Our illustrious namesake was a Yale Skull and Bones man. He wanted Hearst to have something similar. So he started The Castle at Stanford, where his son went, and at Hearst, the school he founded. So, what do they do? That's the billion-dollar question. Being tapped for The Castle, they say, is a ticket to wealth, power, and privilege. They're treated like rock stars. So who gets tapped? Notable freshman males. Future politicians and lawyers. Engineers, journalists, athletes. Wealthy men making other like-minded men wealthy. And how do the ladies feel about that? We're not happy. A group tried to sue for admission last year, But they couldn't figure out exactly who to sue. No one knows who the members are. First corridor on your left. Keep going. Go into unit 499. Three, strip to your underwear. Throw your clothes outside the door, shut the door,</i> then put on the collar and sit in the chair.</i> Three, what you do now will dictate the course of your future.</i> All you have to do, is tell the truth, and the world will be at your feet.</i> We have no secrets in The Castle. It keeps us honest.</i> Lie to us, and one of your brothers will pay the price.</i> Do you understand? I understand. Tell us about Rashard Rucker. What happened the night in Chicago when you ran over the homeless man?</i> So your father committed a crime for you.</i> Yeah. Aah! What? I answered. Yes. But someone else lied. Did you get enough? You lie, one of you brothers pays the price.</i> Final question... What item were you carrying in your pocket tonight?</i> Just a pen. You want to try answering that again? If you ever need a kidney, I've got one with your name on it, no questions asked. They knew about the camera? I said it was a pen. Then I heard this scream. I wouldn't talk anymore. So that voice on the box told me to get out. I'm so sorry. I think I know who one of the other pledges is. The voice on the box kept calling me "three." Three... My basketball number. But he slipped up one time, and he called me "2,400." 2,400. Meaning? The first couple weeks of school, there was a story in the free press about that freshman who made a perfect score on the S.A.T. - 2,400. - Yeah. They ran a picture of him with the story. He looked kind of like Josh Groban. Is that him? That's the guy. I'll find him. I'll follow him, and he will lead me to The Castle. Friend of yours? Apparently not. Oh, enough of the foreplay. Get to the good stuff. Hey, wait. Do I know you? You look so familiar. Come on, man. What? I just think I've seen her somewhere before. Don't be a jerk. Ow. You got me. It's a nice day. Let's go eat outside. Veronica? Looks even more familiar from behind. I promise you, Karma's going to take care of that guy for you. I know. I'm gonna run him over with my "karma." Dude, I saw that Piznarski guy today. That's one messed-up polack, my brother. Pound and explode, dude. It's still a thing. I guess he didn't make the video. Whoops. Your bad. Still, it was a royal beatdown. Sometimes a random ass-kicking's a good thing. Keeps everyone else in line. Oh, 2,400, how quickly you're moving up in the world.</i> Not a bad deal... Drive into a parking lot in your crap car,</i> Leave in a stretch limo, and be chauffeured to a mansion.</i> So the front window's all curtained. How best to get a view of the back? I need faces. Gory? You've got that disc with you? Of course. Let me show you my office. Take that off your hands. That'd be great. I feel like Gollum carrying this thing around. I don't know what that means. I like the look of the pledges. You did well, Gory. You're not gonna believe some of the confessions we got this year. Well, they get worse. Every year. I noticed that we're down a pledge. I washed him. Caught him sneaking in a camera. Check it out. There's the lens. Click it... It takes a picture. New age, isn't it? It looks like we're done here. It's the only copy? Of course. I wasn't built to live in the subdivision. Let's go back to the induction. Nothing else was taken? Just the hard drive? Which happens to be the most valuable item in the house. What was on it? It's five years of programming that will revolutionize the industry. It's always something, huh? I'm surprised you don't have a massive security system, Jake. It's coming. Keith. Well, we've only been here for a month. Could have been household staff. No forced entry. You mind? This could be the entry point. Looking at a tiny thief. Mr. Harvey, sheriff Keith Mars. I'm investigating a break-in at the Kanes' house next door. I happened to notice you had cameras mounted in your backyard. Come in. The security cameras are all hooked up to a DVR. We're looking at the backyard view in real time. But if you hit rewind, you can go back up to three days. There. That was something. Is that a girl? Mr. Harvey, you mind if I take the DVR for evidence? Excuse me. Deputy Gills. In the flesh. Check out the new digs, Keith. This is what I do since you fired me. There was a break-in at the Kanes' last night. I need to see a list of the plates of any strange cars that came in here. Sure thing. Let me check. What do you know? Nothin'. Quiet night here at Pemberton Estates. Good luck on the case, though. Hey, best of luck in the election. Let me explain something, Veronica. I own the most powerful personal computer on campus. There is no personal computer faster or better than mine at Hearst. And using this incredible computer of mine, it will take 20 years to crack Jake Kane's password on this hard drive. So how do we do it? You're like Kirk in "Wrath of Khan." You refuse to believe in the no-win scenario. You're like one of the nerds from "Revenge of the Nerds" with your "star trek" references. There is a computer on campus that might be able to crack it. - Hello. - Sir. I need to ask you about a license-plate number. Hello, lover. Guess that's what you're looking for. Thanks. Here we go. Mr. Harvey. Mind if I talk to you about the sheriff's visit earlier? What do you know about the break-in at the Kane mansion? What happened to my room? Did you steal five years of Kane software product development? No. That's a crazy question. Did you tear apart my room?! Yes. And I found this. Notice the rip? I found a blue thread on a loose screw of the Kane doggy door. Takes someone awfully small to break in through a doggy door. There are a lot of blue sweaters in the world. Spoken like a public defender, Veronica. If there is something going on with you, If you're in trouble, now is the time to tell me. I could tell you, but you'd never look at me the same.</i> I'm spending the night at Mac's. Veronica Mars? Veronica Mars?! Easy, Jake. You find her, you get that hard drive, and you arrange for it that I never see that girl again in this lifetime! You sure that's our best option? I want to return the sheriff's department To a place where everyone, regardless of zip code, Gets a fair shake. Your opponent says he wants to be sheriff Because he always wanted to wear a badge. - I'm excited about that, as well. - Where is he? It was your daughter, Keith! Veronica's the one that broke into my house and stole my hard drive! Believe you already know the county prosecutor. And what makes you think... Veronica's plates were registered at the guard gate. Her in and out times match the time of the robbery. She's small enough. Plus, mr. Kane's neighbor says his video footage revealed a blond girl running through his yard. I'm gonna need that DVR, Keith. I need it now. I'll happily turn it over as soon as you bring me a judge's order. You know what this looks like, Keith? Like I don't kowtow to the rich and powerful? No. Not that. We'll be back... soon. I'll talk to you in an hour when I can make all this go away. Couple hours at least. We don't have two hours. There's a class scheduled in here at 9:00 a.m. This is Veronica. Leave me a message. Honey... Things have really hit the fan down here. I'm pretty desperate to talk to you. I'm waiting on your call. Veronica! Eureka! The names. Hundreds of them. This is more than one pledge class. Look, this guy's class of '39? Think we may have overshot. No. This is a beautiful thing. Judge's orders. See? That wasn't hard. Leo, you mind pulling the DVR from the evidence room and handing it over to the county prosecutor? Confessions from every member of The Castle since its inception. 20 years of transcriptions. and we have 30 years of audio, and 30 years of video. Why do they do it? No one spills the castle's secrets because they know what they risk. Most of them aren't guilty of putting that video of you out there. But this guy is. Gorya Sorokin. So... We figured we'd go up to the mountain cabin, Get loaded, and take the boat out. Parents didn't need to know. So we're getting high up on the balcony. And I hear a car pull up, and I hide, but I got a good angle. And I see my dad and uncle Lev get out of a car. They open the trunk and pull a couple bodies out. They are bloody as hell. And so they drag the bodies into the workshop. And the next thing, I hear the power saw going. I always wondered why my dad put a woodshop up in the cabin. So the next thing you know, he and uncle Lev Are taking a couple hefty bags down to the boat. Maybe I'll let Gory Sorokin keep his secrets. Hey, Nish. I've got a present for you. You're transferring? A list. The names of every member of The Castle. All men. You think this will help with that lawsuit? Oh, my god. Politicians. Tycoons. Celebrities. This is gold. You're gonna make some very powerful men very unhappy. Won't be the first time. Hey. You need to walk away. Just... I need to apologize. Great. Apology accepted. Now go. I'm meeting Piz, who, by the way, is the one you should be apologizing to. I am sorry, Veronica. I thought... Well, you know what I thought. I was hoping I'd see you. I didn't want to carry that around forever. You left it behind in my room. You know what? I'm glad we caught you on hidden camera. And I'm glad it's such a popular e-mail attachment, because you're a real bitch. You know what you should do with your sudden popularity? Just lay back and enjoy it. Logan, don't. He's connected. Connected connected. Oh. Yeah, I was wondering. Didn't seem like you to shrug it off. Hey, so listen. Again... I apologize. I can be pretty dumb sometimes. It's a nice gesture, but it's gonna take some time this time. You want to hear your friend apologize? I'm not interested in his apology. But I would like my pen back. Whoever you are, you're gonna die. Yeah, someday. Ah, Piz. Just who I was looking for. Listen, man. I am truly sorry for everything. So are you like the butler now or... I'm just saying. Answering the door kind of smells of being demoted. I like to deal with the miscreants personally. - Yes, you do. - Look who dropped by. Veronica. Would you care for something? Lemonade, mineral water? I came by to bring this back. Would you wait right there? I'm gonna call the sheriff myself, have him come arrest you. Go ahead. I'll wait. But the moment that happens, everything on this drive goes public. There's no way you can know what's on that drive. Not in a day. Gabe Huntley. Class of '74. Ran over someone one night in Tijuana. Gerald Cummings. Election fraud. Then there's that steamy boarding-school incident of yours. And we leave my dad out of it. I'm afraid it's a little too late for that, Veronica. Clarence will see you out. Good. You're home. Prepare for gumbo. How do I find the time to make gumbo, you ask? I make time. You know I love you, right? More than anything. Of course, honey. I never doubted. Eat. Dad? [Albert Hammond - It Never Rains In Southern California]</i> * Got on board a westbound 747 * -- We would like to say thank you --</i> * Didn't think before deciding what to do * -- To everyone that supported the show --</i> * All that talk of opportunities * -- For the last 3 years --</i> * TV breaks and movies * -- Thank you all for watching. --</i> * Rang true * -- Many thanks to Rob Thomas --</i> * Sure rang true * -- For this amazing adventure. --</i> * Seems it never rains in southern California * -- "True love stories never have endings" --</i> * Seems I've often heard that kind of talk before * -- Farewell, Veronica! --</i>