the fighting Fitzpatricks. I have information about that mexican kid who got killed. Your dad is in deep to the Fitzpatrick family. Toying with a sweet little girl's heart just to screw with her dad? Jackie and I borrowed one of Terrence's cars tonight. I was digging around where he keeps them, and I found some sort of explosive. Is that c-4? You'll have to wait for the press conference. - Flat? - Just as god made me. I'm Troy, by the way. I'm Veronica. I'm just glad we weren't dating when you were kicked out of those two schools for drug possession and trafficking. County supervisor's office? Well read, Dick. You're making great strides. So, good news... you are no longer writing about the use of mythic archetype in "portrait of the artist as a young man. " All right. You are all instead entering our mayor, Woody Goodman's, county-wide essay contest on the subject of... freedom. The winner gets a week's internship as Woody's apprentice, which means an opportunity to learn about civic affairs, a plum entry on your college applications, and... this might interest you, Dick... a chance to stand beside Woody Goodman on tv and push the plunger for the demolition of old shark stadium. Nuke the stadium. Damn. Now I totally wish I could write good. So, you should be able to write quite an essay on freedom. How does it feel to have your case dismissed? Freedom feels liberating. So, you've got your title. And did Hannah understand why you wouldn't be seeing her anymore? You didn't tell her, did you? You owe her an explanation. What exactly am I supposed to say? Man, you believe it about Logan? That guy's like a cat. You mean useless and selfish? I mean like nine lives. I just wish I knew how he does it. That's funny. I do know how he does it, and I wish I didn'T. What you got? The pamphlet? From the Hearst packet that we both got, in the envelope that we both got that you didn't open. Oh, that. You know the average S.A.T. Score for a Hearst freshman? 1280. And you got an 1140, so you're doomed, and we can kiss this "get to know Hearst" weekend goodbye. Not so fast. Now, if you average in my points, assists, and free-throw percentage, it all balances out. Now, that coach says it's down to me and one other guy for that scholarship, so we are going. Come on. You'll like it. It's a good school. And if it were in, say, Maine, I'd be excited. But it's in Neptune, so I'm not excited. I'll go, but just to skip school, which excites me. Don't leave me hanging. Okay, forget five. Give me two. Where have you been all day? I wanted to congratulate you on the big news, but I couldn't find you. I ended up telling the janitor that your locker was mine and I forgot my combination so he'd open it up and I could leave you a little surprise. But I made it before I heard they dropped the charges, so keep that in mind. You lied to a janitor? I've resigned myself to burning in hell. You know, all the girls on track are jealous of me. I'm sure they could burn in hell, too, if they'd just put in the effort. No. They're jealous because after the meet on sunday they're going to Rusty's Ranch and I'm going sailing with this totally hot senior. We can't see each other anymore. What? So, what... is this some kind of weird joke that's going over my head? I mean, you're a really sweet girl, but... but what? But I'm not a sweet guy. If this is really some kind of joke, please tell me the punch line soon. 'Cause I could really use a laugh about now. Hey, is this the tour? All right, everyone gather 'round. Welcome to the little slice of liberal arts paradise known as Hearst college. My name is Dean. I'm going to be your tour guide. So, as you know, this is going to be a three-day tour, and it's important that we all get to know each other. So right now we're going to play a little "get to know you" game, so everyone... everyone pair up. Oh, make sure it's someone that you don't already know. Sorry, I don't know her. And so, it turns out college is very much like high school. Ok so, we're gonna play a game called "two truths and a lie. " Does everyone have a buddy? All alone? It's all right. I prefer it. Lie... see, that's how the game works. You have to tell your partner two facts and one lie, and they have to guess which one is the lie, all right? Okay, so, go ahead. Okay, I'm Veronica, I'm from Neptune, and I once shot a man in Reno just to watch him die. How'd that go? It was a bit of a letdown. Well, I don't believe that you're from Neptune. Wrong. Is that the end? Um, okay. Well, my name is Dean. I'm from Wheaton, Illinois, my father owns a Ford dealership, and I also shot a man in Reno, but it was not to watch him die. It was for other issues. Your father doesn't sell Fords. That's right... Toyotas. How did you know? It's all in the eyes. Yeah. Oh well I guess I'll have to watch out for you next year. Oh, I won't be attending. Enough lies. I think I've got you a new partner. Are you with the tour? Yeah, that's right. Okay, come meet potential new classmate Veronica. Veronica, meet... Troy Vandergraff. Do you two know each other? 'Cause you're not supposed to be with someone you know. Nope, I don't know him at all. A long time ago, We used to be friends, but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 2x16 The Rapes of Graff</i> Uh, so, this is weird. Um, how you been, Veronica? Lie... I don't believe you're really interested. Next statement? Okay, I can understand that after what I did, but I'm sorry. I don't think you understand the rules of this game. You only get one lie. Okay, uh, let me start over. Three statements, one false. Um, my name's Troy. I was a bad boy when we dated, but after a year of private school, therapy, quitting drugs, and dumping my loose-cannon ex-girlfriend, I've changed into a more-or-less good boy. And I communicate telepathically with all denizens of the sea. Right. So, how long before I catch you talking to a manatee? And you have changed not at all. You know me... same old, same old. All right, everyone, follow me, please. We're gonna get the tour started, so come this way. Stay in a group. I'm not lying to you, Veronica. I just want you to know that. Do I care? Really, Troy, you're just water under the bridge... duplicitous, evil water. Dude! So, we hanging this weekend, or that chick still have your sac locked up in her easy-bake oven? Actually, I am now a free man. The way we should be, man. We? What happened to Madison? Bailed. According to her friend, she met someone more mature. Where, at legoland? Whatever, man. Maturity's one of the two most overrated things on the planet. The other being? Chicks. Oh, so, this worked out great for you. Dude, why do you think I'm in such a good mood? Screw it. This weekend, you and me are partying like Ozzy. So, it seems Hearst college pretty much has it all. Campus combining modern facilities with the best traditions of learning... check. No, heidegger is fine if you're a nazi. A student body composed of diverse, interesting, smart people... check. And drunken doofuses who corner you to tally your points... check. [Clearlake - "I Hate It That I Got What I Wanted"] So, you're blond... 30 points...  -and a natural, too... another 20. You are supercute... 50 points. And you're kind of, like, sassy. So, sassy is good? More like a degree-of-difficulty thing... 30 points. And you're a profro... 80 points. So, if someone were to have sex with me, they'd walk away with 210 points? That's high. You should be psyched. I am... inside. So, what do you think then... about us getting busy? Can I have your beer? Sure. Damn! Grow a sense of humor, you crazy bitch! I would if something funny would ever happen. Tell me how you like it. It's fun, but it's getting kind of old. You do that again... Hey! You'll what? Let her go or I'll make sure you regret it. What? I think the implication is clear. You're gonna let her go on your own initiative. Or do I have to... "Initiative. " As much as I appreciate that display of chivalry, I had it covered. Yeah, well, maybe I wanted to demonstrate that i really have changed. So you're no longer evil. You're stupid. Congratulations. That guy is such a tool. Can I get you a beer or something? Uh, how about if I get you one? So, chivalry isn't dead. It just can't fight. Yeah, let's go. Smooth. Hey, some things I can't change. [Ari Shine - "Crank it Out"]  I'm gonna like it here. How you doing? You weirded out Troy's here? Nah, water under the bridge. Hey, my profros. It's a fun party, huh? Not bad. I actually talked to a cute girl about kierkegaard. Made me wish I knew something about kierkegaard. Yeah, isn't that cool? I mean, in high school, parties are just guys getting drunk and scamming on chicks, but here you have intellectual conversations. Like I saw you talking to that guy... what'd you talk about? Jane Austen, but he dissed "pride and prejudice," so I had to throw a beer on him. I'm kind of colleged-out. Yeah, all right. Well, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Go, Hearst! There goes your water. I mean, your body is slammin'! That's like 50 points right there. And this might sound like a weird question, but you're not an orphan, are you? Yeah, 12th floor, just got off the elevator. Got the key card, but it took some smooth talking. I don't see why you couldn't just open the door. It's a funny story, actually. Just please don't judge me. You can laugh privately later. I don't suppose you have a key? So... ...Can I ask you a question? Well, she said her name was Daphne. No, no, no. How did you call me? Acrobatically. I might have pulled a hamstring. Okay, then, next question. Last night was the convention of the south coast ob-gyn society, the most-sued medical specialty, so I make it a point to swing by every year and spread my card around. And you met a hell of a lady doc? Hell of a lady, yes. Doctor? We met at the bar. I was extremely charming, and an hour later, I'm invited up to her room. Champagne is ordered. One thing leads to another. Why don't you think she was an ob-gyn? Well, one, she appeared to know less about medicine than I do. And two, she seems to have stolen my briefcase. Thanks. Dad, the phone is ringing! Loudly. Veronica, it's Troy. If you're there, please pick up, okay ? Please pick up. Troy, how was your evening? You're where? What are you doing here? The usual... hair and blood samples, cheek swab. Remember that girl from the party last night... Stacy? Well, I guess she got date-raped. Actually, no. When they use roofies to knock them out, then shave their head afterward, we drop the "date" part. Don't look at me like that, Veronica. I swear to god, I didn't do it. You got to help me. God Veronica, roofie and rape someone, shave their head? How sick in the head do you think I am? I don't really know much about the inside of your head, do I? Why do they think you did it? I was the last thing that Stacy remembered before she passed out. Everyone saw us go upstairs together. There's hair and fibers of mine on her. And when they tested my clothes from last night... What did they find? That they'd just been washed. You did laundry at 3:00 in the morning? Why would the cops be suspicious of that? God, Troy. Look... yes, we went upstairs and fooled around, strictly pg-13. Then she pukes all over me. But, being the chivalrous guy I now am... I cleaned up, I took off her shoes, I tucked her in, and then I went to wash my only change of clothes at the all-night laundry. That is the truth. I swear. If I decide you're guilty, I'll help hold the hammer while they nail you to the wall. Do you remember anything else about last night? Anyone hanging around her? I remember getting the stink eye from this guy who was hitting on her earlier. What guy? Long, dark hair, blue sweatshirt with, like, a pi sign. So, "Daphne" registered under a false name and credit card. Dead end there, so I got the elevator security tape from last night. You must be on good terms with the Neptune grand security people. When my daughter dated a billionaire's kid living alone in the president's suite, me and the security guys got pretty tight. So, what was in the briefcase that anyone might want to swipe? Just case files... a drunken assault, a lewd conduct, a fraud, a divorce... Aha! Hello, Daphne. 5:53, she checks in. You actually believed she was a gynecologist? So, other than the files, it's an address book, receipts, some keys, I believe a copy of Elle magazine, but I forget why... Oh, and the murder case files. Logan Echolls? Which ones? Everything. What wasn't in the briefcase is in their storage locker, which is one of the keys. But that case was dismissed, so it's... At 10:15, you're on your way up. My god, Cliff, you're like a wild animal. Is that what the kids call motorboating? I have a zest for life. So sue me. Look. Lamb? It appears Lamb has a bit of a zest for life himself. 2:11, there's your briefcase. Lamb appears to know your gynecologist. Don't mind me. Just keep doing whatever that is. Uh, just work. I thought you had that Hearst thing. On my way. I just need an address. Oh, my god. I know her. She goes to my school. Her name is Madison Sinclair. Nice. A little more vomit and a dead donkey, and you've got a cover spread in modern squalor magazine. And doesn't it make sense this is the home of mr. Points himself, Andrew Barndale, and of our pi sig brother of the long dark hair, Gordon Peters. Hi. Uh... Chip. Sorry, brothers only past the entryway without invitation. Hi, Chip. Is Gordon here, Gordon Peters? You might check the hospital. The hospital? Had to have his stomach pumped last night. 18 shots of jager... not a good idea. - Who knew? - Kind of a wuss, huh? Legacy? Well, it's only gonna get worse for Gordon when he gets back here. You can leave a message for him on the board if you want. So, any english lit or humanities geeks with us here? Oh is that you? English or maybe double with pre-med? Anyway, if that's you, ... So did you find? The pi sig who was hitting on Stacy spent the night in the hospital getting his stomach pumped. I double-checked. So, what are you doing over here? Looks like Dean's got a great story about the front of that building. I kind of bailed on the tour. I got tired of the looks, you know? So, you figured creepy skulking was a better use of your time? That won't make you seem guilty. See? Looks. If you can't give me anything more to go on, you might need to get used to it. My name and number. I left my name and number on her message board. I mean... Would I do that if I just raped her and shaved off all her hair? So, I could go check and your name and number would be there? Maybe you could just believe me. I'll check. Dude, you know what I'm gonna do to you? No. First I'm gonna kick your ass, then I'm gonna grab your head and yank out your spine. What do you think about that? Is that okay? Okay. Boom! Oh! Look, look... I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Yoink! Say hello to your spine. "It's me, your spine. " What? I'm just imagining what Ozzy would think of your concept of partying like Ozzy. You want to snort a line of ants? I'm in. Come on, we're free men who reject the rule of women. Get into the spirit. I mean, exhibit "A," exhibit "B". My suspicion is you're afraid to embrace your true nature. Which is? We are lone wolves, dude, high-plains drifters, life takers and heartbreakers. Who play video games all day. Who don't give a damn about what other people say 'cause they don't give a rat's ass. Dude, you got cake. What the hell, man? What is this? It's nothing. It's a file. It's a joke. But you're right... life takers and heartbreakers. To not giving the ass of a rat. Would Troy actually lie about his name and number? Despite my deep reserves of ill will, do I really believe he could be that horrible? So, it's half there, and he's only half-horrible. Do you need something? Uh, no, I was just... Um... I'm Veronica. I was at the party last night. That was, like, the best party ever, right? How was your rape? So, what, are you dropping off some pamphlets or something? No. Um, a pamphlet's not gonna cover it. It's just gonna suck. And then it'll suck less. I'm sorry to bother you. Did they catch the guy from the party? It was kind of complicated. I don't really know what happened. I think they're just trying to get all the facts straight. The facts are straight. I know who it was. I just want some biblical justice. He shaved my head. What's that? I don't know. It was here. Oh, god, that is just... That's not my hair. It's not yours? Stacy, are you okay? Did you see who delivered that box? What is she doing here? Nothing. She was at the party. Yeah I know, she was there with him, Stacy. What? She's trying to help him get off the hook. So, if someone sent Stacy a box of hair that wasn't hers, there's a chance she's not the only victim and there's another girl at Hearst forced to wear a wig. And so, I will now clinch that Emmy nomination. Hi, I'm looking for someone. She would have come in for a wig during the past couple of months. Can you narrow it down, hon? We get a lot of... her head would have been completely shaved. Oh, chemo. She decided to give up on treatment and run away from home. There was a girl a month ago. Do you have a name? You don't know her name? Because we don't just give out custom- ma'am, she's run away. She's scared, and she's alone. We don't even want to know how she's making her money. She's given up on life. And she thinks she's sparing us the pain, but not knowing where she is or what name she's using or whether she's safe... it's torture. Please, ma'am, she's my sister. I'm sorry. This girl was hawaiian. Oh. Oh, hey. Um, you know, the tour doesn't start until noon. If I wanted to find a hawaiian girl, where would I start? In Hawaii? I'm sorry, I don't understand... hawaiian students at Hearst. Oh, the pacific-islander kids. Well, some of them have a lunch-group thing at the student union on weekends. Thanks. - Dean? - Yeah ? What does this mean... "CL"? Oh, that's a score. It's 150 in roman numerals. It's a pi sig thing. They have, like, a contest for scoring girls or something. 50 points for a blond, 30 points for sassy. Yeah, I don't know if you get points for being sassy, but, yeah. The rumor is that they have a board in the basement that they keep score on. If the pledges don't score high enough, they're punished. Punished? They shave your head. The contest ended at midnight. It's stupid anyway, you know. Good old pi sigs. Thanks, Dean. Sure. Don, do you have time for a question? For the two of you... always. We're just looking for a little help here. Do you know this woman? No. We got to do this again sometime. You sure? You got me. I rode an elevator with her, she asked the time, and I tell her. Uh, sheriff, just a couple more shots? I want to emphasize this should not be construed as coercion. We're just showing you a picture. That's Madison Sinclair, who I believe takes world history with my daughter. So, what? This is blackmail? She's 18. That's legal. Sounds like a swell campaign slogan for the next election. We just want to know who this first woman is. She's an escort. I've busted her a few times. She hires out as "Sugar Jones. " Great. Thanks, Don. Mm. I'd vote for you. So, you get that scholarship, you got to join. When I got here, I was like, "I totally want to be a pi. " Uh, yeah. Once when I was little, I wanted to be ice cream. Dude! Pi sig sig... you're hilarious. You'll totally fit in. That's members-only down there. The kitchen is through here. "C" in roman numerals is 100, so the big question is... did any of these delightful people score the three "C"s I saw circled on Stacy's door? And someone with the handle "bird dog" says he scored me? That is wrong both factually and ontologically. There... 300 points. And the hero of the hour? Of course his name is "ice man. " Hey! You can't be down here! -Ice! Hey, ice man! -Yo. There's some chick in the sanctum. What the hell are you doing here? This is off-limits! Ok, clear it out. Pronto, okay? 300 points? Nice work. This is our business. I don't have to apologize... for being a rapist? Nice. I admire a principled stand. What are you talking about? I'm talking about 300 points, exactly the score you goons wrote on Stacy's door the night she war roofied and raped. But the jury will understand. After all, you had to do it, or your frat brothers would shave off your awesome Ryan Seacrest hairdo. I didn't get those 300 points for Stacy wells. Yeah, he nailed the dean's wife. Zip it, Gordo. Look, no one here ever touched Stacy. You're Gordon? What happened to the rock-star locks? You mean pi sigs don't give points for rape? Stacy's gonna hate hearing that no good came out of friday night. I don't give a flying nun what she thinks. She's a total tease. She was coming onto me all night, and then she blew me off for some other dude who called her bluff. Boohoo. Bird Dog, do you want to show this young lady out? Thanks, I know the way. Oh, and you might want to get your clippers because unless being electrocuted counts, Bird Dog here never scored these 240 points. It was 210. You under-counted the sassy. And this looks like it must be the pacific-islander lunch group. Now, who might be wearing a wig? I think I'll follow a hunch. Excuse me. Hi, I'm working on a play for the theater department, and I need to find a place that does custom wigs. Did you get yours recently, and did you get it around here? My what? Wig? This is my hair. Oh... I th- I'm sorry. I thought... thanks, anyway. Great, a dead end, and embarrassing to boot. Um, excuse me. Y- you might try tori's. On pacific? Thanks. Hi, can I talk to you for a second? It's about a girl who was raped and had her head shaved the other night. Oh, miss Wells. Hey, dean Harlow. I got a message from someone saying you had some information for me, like about that guy. I'm still waiting to hear from the sheriff. I haven't heard anything. I left the message. And... I do have information. Troy's being drawn and quartered, and I get to kick the pieces? - No. - Then I'm not interested. Stacy, it wasn't Troy. He didn't rape you, and he didn't leave the box of hair. Because good old Troy's a decent, stand-up guy simply not capable of doing something so horrible, right? Because it happened to me, too... a month ago. Whoever did this to you did the same thing to Dawn, when Troy was on the other side of the country. I'm not saying it wasn't horrible or you don't deserve justice. I'm just saying someone else did it, and that someone is still out there. The same thing? Did he send you a box with... No. That was a nasty little gift from a pi sig named Gordon Peters. He was bitter because you didn't fall for his charm, and not scoring with the ladies meant getting his head shaved. I think you'll find that hair is his. And since you're the dean of student affairs, I thought you might be interested. These are some student affairs going on in the basement of the pi sig house. Don't think you want that getting into the Hearst brochure. Well, that's it. That's the last you're gonna see of me. The final event now is doughnuts with the dean in Michael hall, and if I've done my job, you don't have to ask me where that is. So, I hope to see you guys next year. I hope so, too. Admit it. Hearst ain't half-bad. It is. That means half of it might be good. You talking about me again? So, they dropped the charges. Thanks, Veronica, really. I'm not sure that I deserve it, but... you're a real friend. How about we just call me an acquaintance with reservations? Right. Then, until next time... go, Hearst! That's right. Hey, did you guys hear about the pi sigs? Nope. They got a semester of probation. If it's double-secret probation, there's a serious leak. No mixers, no parties, no sports. And it was your photo that nailed them. You don't mess around, do you? That's Veronica Mars... making friends and influencing people wherever she goes. See, if you come here next year, you've already got enemies. Just feel right at home. See you. I heard you wanted to see me. I did. I thought you might want your hair back. Uh, I don't want that. Fair enough. Oh, my god. What... are you crazy? What are you doing? What are... Your dad dropped his testimony so I'd quit seeing you. I figured. So, did you ask me out so he'd do it? Yes. And you want me to forgive you? Yes. You're back early. Yeah, I ditched the goodbye hugging. Can you believe it? You? Miss hug? So, you must be tired. Why don't you lie in your... Is Keith here? Dad? Your hooker's here. Escort, honey. So, why don't you go to your room and do your blog... whatever you kids do. Sorry about that. So... what do you got in mind? A few questions to start off. The briefcase... tell us why you took it and where it went. Well, I got the call. I show up. The guy offers me triple rate if I pick him up and swipe his briefcase. So, who's the guy? Let me see. You know, I think I've got his birth certificate in here somewhere. No. He didn't say. What happened to my briefcase? I gave it to him in the garage. I split. What he did with it, I have no idea. So, is that it? I guess so. But, hey, nice work. I really thought... it was all real. Just the welts, honey. [Tegan and Sara - "I know, I know, I know"] Hundreds of miles yeah, you cry like a baby</i>  you plead with me, shout, scream</i> Tell me I'm staying I know, I know, I know I'm still your love back from the last place that I wanted to fake</i> you laugh with me, shout, scream now tell me you're staying</i> I know, I know, I know, you're still my love the same as I love you you'll always love me too</i> this love isn't good unless it's me and you</i> box after box and you're still by my side</i> the weather is changing and breaking my stride</i> I know, I know, I know, it's just this day Enough! Dad, what are you doing here? Just get dressed. - Get dressed! - I am. I told you to stay away from her. You're lucky I don't kill you. - Dad, he - - Hannah, get your things. Don't speak to her like that. We had a deal. Yes, "had. " Now we don't. There's nothing you can do that'll stop me from seeing her. You want to bet? Let's go. So you know, if you go to Hearst, you can come home and do your laundry on weekends, and we can talk about Nietzsche, the French revolution, boys, whatever. I told you, dad. I am going far, far away. It's a deal breaker. Hearst is 10 whole exits. What do you know about plastic explosives? That's what I like - a good segue. I mean, where you get them, what they're used for. Well, if you're licensed, legitimate uses include construction, mining, demolition. Demolition. "Dear mr. Fennel, it is with great pleasure" - you got the scholarship. Two times. Hearst college, baby, here I come! I am so over this place already. Right there with you. Hey, did Hannah miss school today? You didn't hear? No. Her parents sent her to boarding school in Vermont. She's gone. So, the contest winner gets to push that thing - you know, that thing like Bugs Bunny always pushes... and the stadium explodes? A plunger, right. But if we did our work right, the stadium implodes. Cool. Using dynamite? Some, but C-4 mostly. What's C-4? Not much to look at, actually, but it does the job. And it's the exact same stuff I saw in the airplane hangar. Danny! I told you to take that crate to section 11! One more question - is it just a coincidence that Danny Boyd works here or do I now have to add the Fitzpatricks to the list of people who could have framed Terrence Cook