I know what happened. He's psychotic. These rich boys think they can get away with anything. What do you think you can do to me? I'll think of something. My dad had a paternity test. I'm not your sister. Aah! Keep driving. Veronica, where are the tapes? I knew you'd come. I knew you'd save me. Table for three? Right this way. "Normal" -- that's the watchword. Sounds good, doesn't it? Senior year begins tomorrow, and all appears hunky-dory. Best friend -- check. Boyfriend -- check. Lily's killer behind bars -- check. A waitress will be right with you. Normal job, just like other people my age. I just wish fewer of my classmates showed up here. Kelvin Moor. One? I need your help, Veronica. In finding a table? I'm your girl. I got kicked out of athletics for my entire senior year. I failed the mandatory drug test. So what's new, Kelvin? You failed it last year, too, if I remember correctly. Yeah, but I'm clean now, for going on 10 months. Give me your hands, look into my eyes, and swear to that fact. Veronica... I swear that there is no possible way I could have failed that drug test. Hmm. So, am I lying? I don't know. Then what was all that for? To see if you'd do it. You were very convincing, but I don't do that kind of work anymore. So who's supposed to help me out, then? Encyclopedia brown. I hear he's good. I guess it's true what they say about you. Probably, but you're gonna have to narrow it down for me. You're an 09er now. You went and landed yourself some rich boyfriend. And last year was just some big ol' act for you. You got to pick sides in this town these days. You picked yours. Figures how none of the rich kids failed their drug test, huh? I got to jet. See you around, Veronica. You sleep well. What, no biscotti? Yeah, kind of bitchy, I know. But Kelvin's a bully. I'll sleep just fine. Veronica... come here. Check it out. Your dad's on television. ...Coverage of the Lilly Kane murder. The press made you out to be some kind of Barney Fife character. Are you feeling a sense of redemption? A sense of relief would probably be more accurate. I'd be lying if I said I didn't have days... weeks, even, of doubting myself. Ah, yes -- the book. Dad didn't want any part of it, but given the medical bills, dad's convalescence, and mom running off with 50 grand, he had to listen when the crime reporter from the San Diego Tribune secured a book advance for his story. What I did know was that Mr. Kane was lying about the circumstances... Your dad's hot. Take us back to that night three months ago. The night Aaron Echolls was captured, you were nearly burned alive rescuing your daughter. Come on, dad. Just lay it out there for her. "Father crawls through fire to save daughter, father rushed to hospital. Daughter's night? Just beginning." I was hoping it would be you. - Logan? - Hey, Veronica. Logan, what happened? They caught me alone on the bridge. Who's "they"? Uh... it was Weevil... and all the P.C.H.Ers. Seriously, what do you -- what do you think you can do to me, huh? I'll think of something. What were you doing there? Having a drink. What do you think, Veronica. You'd broken up with me, accused me of killing Lilly. Whoo-hoo! One down. Oh, son! You don't know what you just did. Get him, man. Unh! Aah! You're lucky you're alive. Yeah, well, that's one way of looking at it. What is that supposed to mean? Are you okay? Just lay there. I've called an ambulance. What don't you do me a favor and drop that knife. Huh? Oh, my god, Logan. But I didn't stab him, Veronica. I believe you. I threw the knife in the water and got in my car and drove. Logan... there's something that you need to know about your dad. Aaron Echolls, charged with murder. It's all over the radio. Hey, Veronica. I'm looking for Logan Echolls. I saw his S.U.V. parked out front. I know he's here. This would be better for everyone. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Suffice to say, I've got plenty of material for any back-to-school "what I did last summer" essay I'm asked to write. I was watching that. Here it is -- senior year. A fresh start. Try not to screw it up, Veronica. Seniors rule! Hey! You didn't call me back last night. Don't go getting all girl on me. Man, I got kicked off the basketball team. What? I failed my drug test. I'm booted from athletics for the whole year. You don't do drugs. No duh, Sherlock. And it wasn't just me. Five of us total failed. And Jimmy day, our starting quarterback, he passed it. And everybody saw him blazing one up on the boardwalk. I heard no 09ers failed it. You think it's a conspiracy? This is Neptune. Nothing happens accidentally. Well, you were wrong about the drug test. - One 09er did fail. - Who? You're not gonna believe it, either. I'm not the one who's easily shocked. - Meg. - Meg? So you'll help? Do you even have to ask? Just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in. A long time ago, we used to be friends but I haven't thought of you lately at all come on, now, sugar, bring it on, bring it on, yeah just remember me when we used to be friends a long time ago, we used to be friends You're standing there in nothing but a jock. They hand you this little itty-bitty cup. You go into the stall. You do your business. Then as you watch, they seal it with this piece of tape. And then they make you sign the tape. Then what? Then they send it to a lab. If the seal is broken, the lab is supposed to reject it. So there's no way anyone could have switched the samples. Nope. Hey, what period do you have office aid this year? I didn't sign up for a second year of office aid. Yeah, that doesn't work for me. You can take that up with moms. She had crazy ideas about me having a well-rounded education. But don't underestimate. The master key. Yeah, and I got all the administrative passwords I could get my hands on. - Ooh, you're good. - You know, you know. I get all my criminal tendencies from you. So, how you gonna go at this? Try to figure out what the connection is between all the people that failed the test. Got any enemies you know about? Well, there's the Klan. This is not really their M.O. I guess that leaves everybody that hates you. So, where's your boyfriend? I expected to be ignored at lunch today. He's skipping the first couple days of school. He's visiting his dad. Why would he want to do that? That's what I said. Later. I'll say this -- there was something much easier about having a secret relationship. But I guess from now on, that's next to impossible. That guy over there asked to sit in your section. You know him? Yeah, I know him. - Hey. - Hey. I haven't seen you around this summer. Yeah. It's been kind of complicated. You know, parents on trial. Mom and dad finally had enough. They've moved up to the Napa house for the duration. At least until this blows over. But you're staying here? I don't want to transfer to a new school for senior year. I have the presidential suite at the Neptune grand. Of course you do. Veronica, your boyfriend's here. Latte, when you get a minute? Okay. Yeah. - Hi. - Hey. Hi. Logan and Duncan don't speak anymore. I guess that's what happens when your best friend starts dating your ex. Now, where was I? Oh, yeah. Who's out to get Neptune's top athletes. Kelvin, I've had a change of heart. Oh, yeah. I heard your beard, Wallace, got nailed, too. So I guess that changes everything now, huh? I guess so. So -- and I mean other than me -- can you think of anyone who would want to do this to you? Unh-unh. People love me. No. They don't. You pick on the weak and helpless. I call a geek a geek, if that's what you mean. Wait -- now that I think about it, there was this one kid who swore he'd ruin my life, but he doesn't have the cojones -- trust me. Who? This kid -- Sophomore. They call him "Butters." He was climbing the pegboard in gym class before P.E. Last year, trying to show off. He pissed me off. So? So I pantsed him. It was hysterical. Wow, you're cool. My dad's getting sued by Boatloads of Fun Corp. They don't sound fun at all. My dad brokers vacation property down in Cabo. He leased a beach house to a group of families that call themselves "Boatloads of Fun." You know, Steve Wacker's parents and that crowd. The roof leaked in one room, so they're demanding all their money back. You know Jennings Crawford? Who doesn't? I beat him out for number-one singles last year. He threw a fit. His parents even tried to have coach hart fired. There was a school board meeting, and they brought in Ilie Nastase to testify that Jennings was a better tennis player. It was crazy. Thanks. There used to be one 09er girl I could call friend. She was the one of her kind who actually treated me like a human when no one else in that crowd did. When Duncan broke up with her, she blamed it on me. Things have been chilly, at best, ever since. Meg. Hey. Senior year, huh? We're almost done. Did you want something? Well, I heard that... you were kicked off the cheerleading squad. Yeah, but you know me. I'm a major stoner. It was affecting me, too. I was like, "let's go! "Let's go! "L-e-t-s... duh..." Can you think of anyone who might have done this to you? Well, there is this one person. I used to think she was a friend, but, uh... but, yeah, yeah, now that I think about it, she'd have no reservations, and she definitely has the talent to pull it off. Let me know if you have any luck tracking her down, okay? The metal detectors are new, but they come as no surprise. Tensions in Neptune are the highest they've ever been between the haves and the have-nots -- 09ers and non-09ers. And guess who the lightning rod is. The passing motorist who probably saved Logan's life called 911, then he left the scene before the police arrived. The knife that killed Felix was never found. Logan's high priced lawyer crushed the P.C.H.Ers who testified against Logan in the preliminary hearing. "Weren't they there, after all, to kill Logan? Didn't Logan have the bruises and broken ribs to prove it? If Logan did stab Felix, wasn't it self-defense?" The D.A. Decided he didn't have enough evidence to convict, so six weeks after he was arrested, Logan walked. And the town went crazy. Another rich kid getting off scot-free. You know what else I found out today? This failed drug test goes on my permanent file. Any college I apply to is gonna see it. If you would have taken another year of office aid, we could have done something about that file. Yeah, 'cause this is my fault. Did you learn anything today? Kelvin moor, while giving up his pot-smoking ways, has not given up being an obnoxious jackwad. He pantsed that sophomore Butters? - Yeah, I was there. - You were? It was in the gym after spring-sports pep rally. A few of us were there, even some cheerleaders. I have never seen somebody blush like that. People were laughing. Butters was swearing at everybody. He said he was gonna get even. Cheerleaders -- was Meg there? I think she was. Viet was there. Jilly Ho was there. Try and remember. Were you one of the ones laughing? What can I say? It was fun-ny. It was funny. I'll talk to Butters tomorrow, get this sussed out. Hey, did you know that you're my hero? Mr. Mars. I saw you on TV last night. Wallace. I know a 24-year-old floozy who thinks you're hot. This floozy, did you get her digits? Now, don't make me have to go home and tell my mama. Your mom and I have an understanding. You do? Yes, and it's this. I behave myself and she doesn't leave me, so please, tell her nothing other than I worship the ground on which she treads. I'm leaving now. Ground on which she treads. You might want to write that down. Got it. All right. So, senior year. How was your first day of school, honey? Great. I beat up a freshman, stole his lunch money, and then skipped out after lunch. What, no premarital sex? Oh, yeah -- yes. But don't worry. I swear you're gonna like these guys. That's my girl. I missed you. I missed you, too. Now, where's my turkey pot pie, woman?! Butters? "Butters" is the name of the weak loser suck-up on "South Park." - "Butters" implies soft, fat - but oh, so delicious. Vincent is my given name. I hear you were pantsed in gym last spring, Vincent. Are you requesting a private viewing? Now the guy who pantsed you and all the people who might have chuckled end up kicked off athletics for the year. Curious. Justice. It can be a bitch. So you got even? Is that it? It looks that way. You're playing a dangerous game. Kelvin will take your head off if I tell him you're the reason he's off football this year. You know what? I don't think he will. Hey, pop. Son. Permanent files are in that brownish-beige filing cabinet. I can't believe after a year of working here, you don't know the make and model of the filing cabinet. Yeah, it is hard to believe. Usually memorizing that information is the first thing I do when I enter a room containing a filing cabinet. Well, get comfortable, then, Mr. Sarcastic, because this might take a while. Unless... I can't believe you didn't know Butters was Clemmons' kid. I make it a point not to know freshmen. Scary, isn't it? The lax security. What if someone was trying to alter your permanent file? We're trying to alter it right now. Alter it back. There's a difference. Alter it back. Cool. I was wondering where we were drawing that ethical line this year. And there it is. The way I imagine it, the results were all overnighted to Mr. Clemmons. But before the elder Clemmons reviewed them, junior got in and forged the negative results. I just need to get my hands on them to prove it. Can you pull a couple other negative results for me to compare them to? Anything? Nothing. There's no way this could have been altered. Different color inks, full sentences. I thought it might just be a checkmark, but there's no eraser marks, no whiteout, and both hand-signed by... Jim Chimoree. Jim Chimoree? That's the guy's name, the lab tech who signed off on the results. So there's no alterations, there's no forgery. So it appears. So I'm screwed, basically. Unless the results were accurate. Yeah, mon. Maybe I smoke so much ganja, I don't even remember doing it. What if you did ingest an illegal substance, but it was such a mild dose that you weren't even aware of it? Eat any mystery brownies lately? Spirit bo-- the day of the back-to-school athletics banquet, there were spirit boxes in our lockers. There weren't any brownies, but there were cookies. Did you eat one? I ate six. That's my Wallace. Well... can you meet me at my house in, say, 20 minutes? I'm gonna stop at the drugstore first. Nah, I'll just follow you. You don't want to go out alone. No, I guess you don't. You never know what might happen. After the D.A. decided not to press charges against Logan, Neptune became a different place. All right, I should go. Because my dad is probably watching us through a telescope. Then he's probably impressed with your virtue. And that telescope is mounted on a rifle. Five more minutes. You should feel lucky. You could be out with some pretty-boy drunk looking to get laid. What are you saying -- you're not pretty? What I'm trying to say is I'm in love with you. The things guys will say to get past second base. Aah!Aah! Are you done yet? It is never going to happen if you keep doing that. I see. Stage fright? I'm making you nervous. Well, according to the box, we only need a few drops, and it'll test for cocaine, steroids, pot... what's up, honey? Wallace is having trouble giving me a urine sample. Can't you talk on the phone and paint your nails, like other girls? This is a health-class project. Come on, you're a man. Can you give him some pointers? Wallace? Yeah? You try turning the water on? Mm-hmm. Also, pinching your own nipples can sometimes work. Aah! Man! Gross! Honey, it works. I can barely even look at you now! I can't believe how squeamish you are. You're clean. Of course I am. If you didn't test positive, that means Butters didn't lace the spirit cookies, and we're back to square one. How do you figure in? You're the expert. I'm just standing here thinking it's gonna be a bad year for Neptune athletics. Every player on this list is a starter -- a star player. Do you know the people who are gonna start with all of you suspended? Yeah, my backup is Bob Patton. Jennings Crawford will go back to being first singles, taking Viet Nguyen's spot. Sheni Fauver will replace Jilly Ho. And Steve Wacker will take Kelvin's linebacker slot. Wacker? Really? And Shelly Pomroy was bumped up from J.V. Cheerleading to take Meg's position. Dad? What are you thinking? It's probably nothing. You beckoned? If I know the name of a corporation, how do I find out its shareholders? You get the strangest homework in health class. Can you keep your trap shut if we tell why we need it? No running off and telling your girlfriend. Agreed. Wallace has been kicked out of athletics for his entire senior year for failing the mandatory drug test, but Wallace is clean. See for yourself. Hey, I-I -- I take your word for it. We don't think Mrs. Fennel need know if we get it cleared up quickly. You know what my mom is like. What's the corporation name? Boatloads of Fun Corp. You want the names of the partners? Yeah. Billy and Mary Jo Patton. Larry and Nancy Crawford. Milt and Millie "Fo-ver." Fo-- Mike and Lill Wacker. Esther Pomroy. And there's one more. Walt and Bunny Day. Wait, what do they have -- Jimmy Day's parents. Our starting quarterback. Well, we know why he passed his drug test. We got them. The way I figure it, the only way they could pull it off is if they bought off someone at the testing facility, because the samples went in clean and the results weren't altered once they got here. So what's the plan? We're gonna scare them. And how's that gonna help me? Well, it'll be fun. I'm gonna send an e-mail to each partner at the Boatloads of Fun Corp today. Sort of an "I know what you did this summer" kind of thing. Tell them that Jim Chimoree wants to meet with them, talk about a new financial arrangement. Jim Chimoree -- the lab tech. You think he's the guy. It doesn't matter. It's gonna scare them. Veronica... did you bring your permission slip? Yes, I did. Thanks. New journalism teacher. Yeah. She seems all right. She's taking anyone from newspaper, yearbook, and the broadcast-news class who wants to tour shark field tomorrow. Wow. I can't believe you're going. I like baseball. Yeah, but you don't like people. I love people. I'm a people person. I'm just a normal teenage girl going on a normal school field trip. Right. I know. "Normal" is the watchword. In Neptune these days, you're forced to choose sides. Logan had to take summer school after he missed all his finals due to his own arrest, as well as his father's. I'd come down to school just to have lunch with him. My sister is negotiating with networks to sell her version of the Aaron Echolls story. I think the sticking point is she's insisting she play herself. The producers are insisting on Tara Reid. Trina wasn't even around. Who do you suppose cares? I always wanted a TV movie version of my life. You think they can get Tom Welling to play me? Dream on. Logan and Logan's special lady friend, who I approve of wholeheartedly and without reservation. Dick. Hey, Cassidy. What's up, Veronica? Boys. Got the supplies. N-bone and Ramsey are gonna meet us at the sac-n-pac. Uh... can't we do this later? What's all the gasoline for? We're gonna... go kill the grass on the pan high football field. Spell out "pan sucks." Which it does. The next day, the community pool at the city park somehow caught on fire. The city had to close it down for the rest of the summer. Of course, all the 09ers have pools in their backyards. Don't make me go in there and get all "ordinary people" on you, Beav. The older brother drowns, dumbass. What's the dealio, bro? You ever showing up at school? Eh, what for? No one seems to care. I'm practically an orphan. I can do whatever I want. Welcome home, children. How was school? Who wants a Rice Krispie Treat? Gee, mom, you're the best. But I'll pass. You met momsie, right? The club, the clambake -- remember? God, you're retarded. Yet I managed 400 points higher than you on my S.A.T.S. You don't want me to tell your father you couldn't play nice. Uh, I want a Rice Krispie Treat. Go make it yourself, then, kid. Do I look like a cook? You guys are twisted. So, where did your dad meet her? She was a Laker girl, and you know my dad. He has good seats. A certain Laker all-star's wife had her fired. Didn't like the look of her. What are you doing tonight, bro? Well, as much as I enjoy the company of men, I've got other plans tonight. That, I can respect. Um, we're, uh, meeting someone here. The name's Chimoree. Oh, yeah. Right this way. Hello. Are you guys expecting more people? 'Cause we can move you to a bigger table. Walt, what have you gotten us into? We need to stay calm. How much is this Mr. Chimoree requesting? Heard enough? I believe I have. Veronica. Your boyfriend's here. Hi. Hi. So, yeah, my love life got a bit complicated this summer. But it sorted itself out nicely. Ahh. Young love. You're coming on the field trip? I figured you and the other jets would be rumbling with the sharks. Cool it, action. And I think I'm gonna pass on the field trip. But call me when you get home. Tell me all about it. Let's just get on the bus. I'm gonna miss you. Excuse me. Sorry. Did I mention that he didn't take the breakup that well? I kept thinking that if I just stuck by you that you'd get past this... this phase, and... you'd be you again. Are you breaking up with me? I can't stay with you. Not with you and your toadies cruising around at night and hatching plans, refusing to let everything get back to normal. Someone's gonna get killed, Logan. Someone already has. Did you forget that already? Most of the people in this town think I did it. Those people you call toadies are my friends. They've got my back. It's not about protection. It's about pride. And the thing that I can't stand is that I'm pretty sure there's a part of you that's having fun with all of this. Fun? Fun? My mom is dead! My girlfriend is dead! My dad is a murderer! And the only person I still care about is dumping me! You think I'm having fun?! Answer me, okay? Just tell me the -- You don't talk to my daughter that way. You're leaving now, and you're never coming back. Miss Dumbass. It's "Dumas", Dick. Well, my name's pronounced "Rishard." And it stinks back here. I think someone died. You're free to sit closer to the front. That's okay. I don't think that's gonna help. Thanks anyway. Hey. Who's the lovely young flower blossoming into womanhood? Let me guess -- you want to pluck her. Hi... can Dick and Beaver come out and play? Let's see if we can find them. Coming? We've got to stop meeting like this. Why do I love baseball? The home run. The long ball. I'll admit it -- I'm no purist. Give me an 11-9 slugfest, and I'm in heaven. Ah, so that's why sharks pitching sucks. That's exactly the reason. I spend all my money on hitters. I want to see the ball going out of the yard. Now, I know some of you. I even coached a few of you back in little league. I wanted to host this little afternoon outing for one specific reason. As many of you know, I'm running for mayor of Neptune. And I thought it was important as a mayoral candidate that my daughter, Gia, attend the public high school in Neptune. Her favorite class at country day was newspaper. So I thought I'd invite the journalism classes out and give Gia a chance to make some new friends. Hello, friend. Hello. Okay, so far, working. Yes. Just so everyone knows, I don't always dress like this. I didn't know if you guys were doing, like, relaxed beachy or the west coast wannabe, east coast urban. So F.Y.I. -- This is not a statement, just doing the new-school blend-in thing. My daughter. She's a cool kid. Play nice. It's like, you know, what Willy Wonka would be like if he owned a professional baseball team. You never played little league? Oh, well... mom was afraid a ball would hit me in the face, dad was afraid it would interfere with mock U.N., And I was afraid I couldn't hit a curve ball. I'm afraid you're gonna get love handles if you eat all that. I have an excellent metabolism. Well, then, it's official. I hate you. Check it out. You did this to me. Wow. In the flesh. It's all right. Come on, I'll introduce you. Hey, gang. Special guest. The greatest shark that ever played the game, back when we had pitching to go with our hitting, future hall-of-famer Terrence Cook. Hey. We're not taking that stank-ass bus back to Neptune. My dad's sending a limo. Would you and your girlfriend, whose quick wit I find enchanting, like to take a trip back in style? Miss Dumbass said it was cool. Hell, yeah. Fine. Cool. I feel dirty. "Dirty" -- one r or two r's? Hmm. Duncan, I can't take this anymore. I'm gonna try and talk to Meg one more time. You ride in the limo 'cause it's gonna be easier if we're not together. You don't owe her anything. You didn't do anything to her. You are so not a girl. Excuse me, Mr. Cook? Yes, ma'am. I just wanted to say you are my dad's favorite baseball player ever. He keeps your rookie card vacuum-sealed inside a safe. Well, that is an honor. Tell him "thanks" for me. When my dad finds out about this, he's not gonna let me wash this hand. Who's your favorite player? Um... Tell him. Be honest. It's Johnny Damon, isn't it? He's so pretty. Hey. So, I hear you're back on the cheerleading squad. That's great news. Oh, yeah. That's right. I forgot. I'm supposed to pay you or something, right? Never mind. The way she's acting, you'd think I seduced Duncan on their wedding day. That's not how it happened. Duncan said he'd been visiting the hut every day before I ever took a job there. True or not, he showed up almost every day I worked there this summer. Tore it up and walked away why'd you wanna go do that for?</i> Threw your lego in the lake why'd you wanna go do that for?</i> And you're a long time coming a long time coming home do you see me reeling off the lines?</i> I've seen your I've seen your eyes I heard through the grapevine that Duncan broke up with Meg on the last day of school. Whether that had anything to do with learning we weren't half-siblings, I don't know. You'd have to ask him. I was with Logan and I was absolutely faithful. Duncan and I didn't get together until my 18th birthday, weeks after dad threw Logan out of the apartment. I'm sorry Meg is hurting -- truly sorry. But I can't say I have any regrets. Five minutes, people. Veronica. Come on, dorkus. Lilly? What are you doing here, huh? Shouldn't you be running for homecoming queen or something? I'm safe standing here, right? I mean, you're not gonna shoot me, are you? All here? Yeah. Yeah. All here. So, did you like your taste, your little year of living dangerously? Did you get your fill? As soon as they'll have you back, you go running to the 09ers. And as a little bonus, you give it up to the richest boys in school. Wow. Well, hell, I'm sure their sheets are clean. You don't know anything about me. And you don't know anything about them. Yeah, I do. I know that Logan killed Felix. And he got away with it because he's rich and he's white. Six guys jumped Logan. They broke his ribs. They gave him a concussion. Yet somehow he managed to wrestle away one of their knives and stab Felix? You didn't see it. You were out cold. So I guess Felix stabbed himself? Well, somebody stabbed him. My boys? Nothing goes down without my say-so. So I guess you know about the shotgun blast that almost killed Logan and me? Bikers ride up, blow a hole through Logan's car? You sure you're still in charge? Hey, Wallace. Whatcha doing? Never mind. Hop on. I've waited and given the chance again, I'd do it all the same but either way, I'm always outplayed up on your down days It just went straight off the cliff. It didn't even slow down. They're all dead. Veronica! They're all dead. Now watch me rise up and leave all the ashes you made out of me when you said that we were wrong This is Neptune.