Kendall! I'll come and pick up your carcass in the morning. - I'm Parker. - Veronica. She's a one-Woman red-Light district. Parker's in there with some guy. Don't mind me. Someone raped me! The last thing I remember... I was at the Zeta Theta rush party. I don't even remember how I got here. I just... I woke up, and I was all, like, out of it. And I didn't have clothes on. The thing about being roofied and raped... you may not remember the who, when, where, why, but you know the what. I have "there's got to be a morning after" stuck in my head. If I start singing, kill me. The rapist was there when I came into the room. I could have stopped it. But you didn't because I told you she was a floozy. It's a proud, proud day for both of us. Tell me I'm here because of you. Not that I'm counting or anything, but isn't this wolf cry number two? She's in here, sheriff. Same as the others... Head shaved. She doesn't remember anything. They always say that. How you doing? Rough night, huh? So, um, around what time did you get back to the dorm? 9:00? 10:00? 11:00? Just give me a window. I don't know. It... the rape... occurred at 11:45, give or take a couple minutes. We had these movie passes. I... came in the room to get them. You were here? You saw her? The light was off. I didn't see much. Well, why the hell didn't you turn them on? Because I heard noises. Noises. Like breathing... and buzzing. Buzzing... Like an electric razor? Yeah, I guess, but at the time, I thought it was something else. It turned off a second after I came in the room. What exactly did you think the buzzing was? Something else, okay? Just... something else. Oh, my god. You thought... I thought it was just sex. It... It didn't occur to me that it was against your will. Thanks, Veronica. Thanks for thinking I'm the slut of the world! You let this happen! Parker, I can't even... I'm s So sorry. A long time ago We used to be friends, but I Haven't thought of you lately at all Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 3x02 My Big Fat Greek Rush Week</i> As long as there has been war and prisons and soldiers and orders, there has been torture. You don't think it was invented by a handful of Rednecks on the fly in Iraq. It's always been here. I guarantee the great George Washington and his continental army indulged in this sort of behavior with the british redcoats. We just had to sit around a couple hundred years for someone to invent the digital camera to show us what we're really capable of. Show of hands... who of you saw this photo from Abu Ghraib and thought, "I would never do that to another human being"? You think it's cruel and awful and unconscionable. But  guess what. Of all of you who have your hands up, only two, maybe three of you, are right. In other dreary news, you have a 20-page research project due at the end of the term about the effects of imprisonment and torture. There's an alternative. I'm conducting an intensive study on the prisoner-guard relationship in which volunteers are assigned those roles. If, during the 48-hour experiment, the guards are able to extract from the prisoners some arbitrary piece of information, they are exempt. But if the prisoners manage to keep their secret, they are exempt. Fine. I'll sweeten the pot. The losing team still must do the paper... Only 10 pages. Any takers? Got your message. What you up to? Turning my unbearable guilt into steely resolve. I think it's working. Well, you've had plenty of practice. Yeah. Good. Done. I'm gonna catch the rapist, see him crucified. Don't think they do that anymore. First things first... I have an interview with the newspaper. Word is, they actually pay for photos in college. New safety rules for the dorm. You guys heard about last night... the rape? Yeah, we did. I really thought things were going to be better after the last incident, you know? Like how the safest time to fly is the day after a plane crash? There's a floor meeting tonight, FYI. I'm not gonna be around. I'm doing this experiment for sociology. Dr. Kinny? I did the experiment last year. It's pretty intense. It's, like, life-changing. She's a great writer, but can you see her blending in at a sorority? Uh, they're not big on Doc Martens and Unibrows. Call me back. These are great. This  other freshman gave me 100 pictures of his grandmother sleeping. - Was she hot? - No. I'd take any assignment. If I don't get this job, the fine people in financial aid have a completely undesirable position in the library all picked out for me. Yeah, she's picking a wedgie. And she ain't got no alibi. Can I tell you how happy this makes me? She T.P.'ed my house in the 10th grade. Makes me happy, too. Welcome to the home of Theta Beta. What do you think? I think it's the gateway to hell, and I don't want to keep looking directly at it. Veronica, I have the perfect assignment for you. You've probably heard about the rape spree on campus. There was another last night... A freshman girl. Her name's Parker something. She was at a sorority party at the Theta Beta house. You think the sorority had something to do with it? You wouldn't believe the rumors about what goes on in that house. I've been trying to find someone who could get inside Theta Beta during rush week, Do a "behind the greek curtain" exposé. And you want me to take pictures? I want you to do the story. You are exactly the type they would love to have. You're intelligent, cute. Uh, combative, independent-thinking, smart-mouthed... believe me, I'm not their type. Perfect. Trust me, Veronica... you'll blend right in. "Tasteful floral dresses"? all my florals are trampy. Seriously, I don't have a thing with a flower that's not in the tube-top or hot-pant family. Couple things about Theta Beta... Their parties are notorious... Nothing but free-flowing booze and boys. They're totally against school policy. Alcohol at a sorority party? Doesn't exactly sound like news. According to reliable sources... four of them... the Theta Betas get pledges all liquored up, take them to a secret room, and have them undress while the guys from their brother fraternity watch the show through a two-way mirror. If this Parker girl was there... You had me at "secret room". Looks like you'll have a room all to yourself. I will? My parents are driving in from Denver to take me home. Oh. They never wanted me to go away to school. Well, my mom didn't. She said I was too immature to be on my own. Guess she was right, huh? It might be best, you know... to be with your family. Yeah. You're probably right. Thank heaven for little girls What's really worse... getting girls to undress in front of a two-way mirror or getting them to dress like a '50s vacuum ad first? N o. You with the sad eyes Don't be discouraged, though I realize It's hard to take courage in a world... Welcome to Zeta Theta Beta. I'm Haley. What's your name? - Veronica. - Oh, my god. I used to have a little shih tzu named Veronica. Hey, there... Veronica. Great dress. I just need to take your purse. - I'm sorry? - Don't worry. We're not gonna steal anything. It's a house thing. So you ready for your first Theta Beta experience? I'm trembling. Yes, I'd like a boy, a bottle of hooch, and you can fast-track me to the dirty room so I can get the frak out of here. Lemonade? Worst roman orgy ever. Theta Beta Comin' for to carry me home I am so completely not even lying. Theta Beta is the best house. - It is. We have so much fun. - So much fun. It's really like we're all sisters. Oh, and Becky's father is a dermatologist, and he totally hooks us up. You  even think you're getting a zit, and you swing by... cortisone shot, and you are golden. - And we have a tanning bed. - Fill 'er up? Yes. Any chance this one's got a little kick to it? Sorry, no booze. Them's the rules. But the farther you are from the singing, the less you'll crave intoxication. Last week, they tried to change the lyrics to "Macarena" I almost impaled myself on the banister. - I'm Marjorie, by the way. - Veronica. Oh, with a "c". Um, what's up with the whole purse thing? I think you'll find out soon enough. Trust, sister. Trust. And don't let her scare you away. Love her to death, but she kind of looks at rush week as shopping for someone to borrow things from. Shania? She's harmless. A one-track mind but a heart of gold. Gold? Really? All my girls are wonderful. Karen's our den mother. She gets paid to say that. Truth is, we're all incredibly lame, but we're like family. The trade-off is you have to wear a matching dress occasionally. See what a little ingenuity and an unused dorm wing can get you? These are the rules of the Neptune conventions. My T.A. and I will be close by to make sure you adhere to them. You'll notice the cameras throughout our prison. You'll be monitored at all times. We should have done the paper. It's gonna be fine. Everyone whose social security number ends in an even number, step forward, please. You are the guards. The rest of you are now the prisoners. Let's go over the rules. Sleep deprivation is okay. Any other kind of physical abuse is not okay. Prisoners are required to get a certain number of calories per day. And to ensure that the food isn't inedible, one guard must eat a sample meal before the prisoners are forced to eat theirs. Prisoners are not allowed to use cellphones, computers, watches. Well, I hope you enjoy writing your paper. We'll never crack. That so? Side bet? Loser streaks across campus? I'm gonna enjoy watching you do it. - You would. - It's on. Prisoners, come with me, please. This is the information the guards want from you. If at any time you want the experiment to end and to just go home, All you have to do is tell one of the guards this information. Or click your heels three times. Guards, a bomb will go off in 48 hours. You must get the location of the bomb from a prisoner to ensure the safety of innocent people. In exactly 48 hours... 6:02 p.m., sunday... the experiment will be over. Prisoners, in your cell. In your cell! Well, I hope you're cool with this... I'm planning on calling you "Nancy". No beds. Take them apart. Put the mattresses in the guards' room. No books, either. Chill out, man. I've got a test on monday. I've got to get some studying in. Fine. Tell us where the bomb is, you can go study right now. Take their books and their bags. Hey, um, where's the bathroom in this place? You'll all be using the bathroom together. There will be three breaks a day, eight hours apart. But I have to go now. What's your name? Samuel Horshack. No. There's no way you're that short, smell that bad, and have the last name Horshack. How did you not kill yourself in high school? You want to use the John? Tell me the address. Come  on. You're not serious. You know, I'm looking around... I'm thinking the jew or the fat chick will crack first. - Hey, man... - What? You'd rather be politically correct than prevent hundreds of people from dying? Take it seriously, bro. You're gonna need to watch that... bro. Sorry, man. Just playing the part, you know? Let's just do this thing, get the hell out of here, right? Cucumber sandwiches and lemonade... I'm really gonna blow the lid off sorority malfeasance. "You  have been selected to attend a special private party. Tonight, 10:00 p.m. Dress to impress. Respectfully, your sisters at Theta Beta" Well, how's it hanging, my brother? Ouch. Whew. That looks painful. But it doesn't hurt nearly as much as being betrayed by your own brother. - Liam - Yeah, we had a deal. I take care of your trashy girlfriend, I get a cut of her cash. - Where's the money? - I don't know! Do you know now? Look, Liam, I found some cash, but most of it is missing. I don't know what she did with it. You know this is gonna be the last time I ask you, right? Dónde está my money?! It wasn't there! I don't get it. Mom always liked you best. I'm not exactly sure what "dress to impress" means, but if I'm going to spend my night singing campfire songs and drinking cocoa, I'm thinking this will work. - I'm so excited you're here. - Me, too. I guess "dress to impress" meant dress like your favorite pussycat girl. - Boys, booze... - Panty dropper? ...jackpot. Aren't you having one? Oh, I'm having more than one. So, what do you think? Awesome. What do I think? I think I'd sooner drink Mark McGrath's bathwater than drink anything here. - Brody. - Panty dropper. The Pi Sigs are our brother fraternity. They bartend for our rush parties. They're, like, the nicest guys. Yeah, I hear they're supersweet. I hope you don't have a boyfriend. There are so many cuties here. Like, newbie legacy behind you... lost Wilson brother. You look exactly like this chick from high school. Oh, my god! What are you doing here? Fulfilling my destiny. It's a sorority party. It's why I left the womb. What are you doing here? Veronica's rushing, and we love her. Somewhere in a parallel universe, Bizarro Dick is being a total killjoy. Oh, you are so cute! Come on. Let's get you another drink. This is why we take your purses... so we can leave invitations to the secret party in the dorm rooms of the girls we want to get to know better. But we had to get creative with you. Yeah, that's cool. It means that anyone here had access to Parker's room. You should meet chip. He's president of the Pi Sigs. - Chip? - Yeah? This is Veronica. Tell her Theta Beta is the best house on campus. This girl accused me of rape last year. Ha! Ho ho! Oh, you. God. Learn to take a joke. Just put that jalopy in the backyard so Mrs. Grimley doesn't have to look at it and I don't have to hear about it, and then everybody's gonna be fine, okay? You okay, there, sir? There's been a murder. I can take you to the location. Whoo! So the question on the dance floor... How long must a girl play drunk and willing before someone tries to get her to take off her clothes? The '70s had "the hustle". The '80s, the moonwalk. We have the faux-lesbian dance. A surveillance camera hanging over a blocked door... Yeah, that's not weird. Look, you guys, we're on TV! If none of the guys in the room are gonna take the bait, maybe whoever's watching through this camera will. You didn't tell me there was a camera! Come on. Come up here. Why don't you come down? I want to show you something. Boo!Boo! Boo!Boo! Here it comes... Scary, dimly lit stairway. They think I'm drunk... or worse. One false move, and someone's getting a taste of Mr. Sparky. What are you showing me? Did you get a puppy? You wanted to show me a driveway? I think maybe it's time to call it a night, Veronica. You're on the verge of losing points with the sisters, and you're my fave, so... there's a safe-ride-home cart coming for you. Chip will wait with you, keep you safe. Hey, this is not how I wanted my night to end, either. I hope you're all hungry. One of you has to eat it first. That would be me. Mmm. Mmm! These are some tasty fishes. I can't eat this. Sure, you can. Maybe it's magic corn and you can grow to be the size of a real boy. The best way to keep a guy at least 10 feet away... Dry heave. Vomit is the new mace. Your chariot. Bye sailor! You have to take her to her friend's dorm. She's a commuter. I don't know why I do it. You girls get all tarted up, parade right into the belly of the beast, and drink until you can't say no. You're lucky you didn't end up with a shaved head. You should know better. The greeks are evil. Okay, so here's the thing... I'm not really drunk. So if you could just take me to the parking lot... Yeah, like I don't get that speech from everyone who sits in that seat. No, for real. I'm totally sober. I was pretending for a story. I'm on your side. Look. Hey... you pick up any Theta Beta rushes last night? I didn't. But there are a couple of carts out each night. Backwards alphabet? Z-Y-X-W-V-U-T... S-R-Q-P-O-N-M-L... do you want me to juggle? Back handspring? A vagina monologue, perhaps? Get out. Thanks, sunshine. Keep on keepin' on! Hurry up! No measuring contests. Just do your business like the dogs you are. Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! I don't hear anything, Horshack. You all dried up? It's kind of hard with you yelling. "I can't pee 'cause there's other boys around!" Wait a minute... Are you a homo, Horshack? Time's up! No blood, no body. Place tore up. Looks like a robbery, not a murder. They tore the place up looking for the victim's money. Well, if it was here, they found it. So tell me again what you were doing out there in the desert. Hey, sheriff. I think I found some blood. Bag it. Let's get it back to the lab. If you like piña coladas And gettin' caught in the rain If you're not into yoga - Okay, okay.</i> ...I'll tell you what you want to know. Come here. Yes, I like piña coladas... and getting caught in the rain. Get up. Get up! Mother of everything that is holy! Hebe-O wet his pants. I have sweat pants in my bag, rafe. Sit down, prisoner. What are you doing? You nearly scared me to death. I'm sorry. Why are you sitting there in the dark? And while we're at it, why didn't you call and tell me you were going to be home a day late? Backup was worried sick. Come on. You can tell me. You've got a girl stashed somewhere, don't you? Hey. What's wrong? I screwed up, Veronica. I screwed up, and someone got hurt. I know exactly how you feel. Ahh. Pigs' knuckles. Yum. I can't eat that. It's pork. And your mother was a pig? I keep kosher. I don't get that. I mean, why won't your kind eat pork? It's not like it's expensive. Where did you get those? I'm not asking you again. I'm not telling you. Well, then, you're going to solitary. You can sit in there all curled up in the dark and pretend you're hiding from the germans. No, I think the first one was better. It wasn't, honey. Mom! I just... I think it's more me. You should have something simple that doesn't draw attention to you. Everyone is gonna know it's a wig, anyway. What do you think, mac? Uh... See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. You can't make a decision for yourself. This is why you never should have gone away to college. You're too immature. Once your father gets his pound of flesh at the dean's office, we're taking you home. Listen, it all sounds suspicious to me Veronica, but you've gotta find out what's behind the door with the camera. Marjorie, the cool one... Trust me, Veronica, none of them are cool. She left me a voice mail checking in on me, suggesting I curtail my drinking. It just doesn't exactly sound like the advice she'd give if they were trying to get me to strip in front of the pi sigs. Four sources, Veronica... Something bad is going on in that basement. Marjorie also said they were voting tonight at 7:00. - That's when I'll make my move. - Great. They sent me home in a safe-ride-home cart. If they sent Parker home the same way, maybe the driver knows something. Or maybe the driver took advantage of the situation. I have a friend who volunteers at take back the night. Hey, it's Nish. Question... Do you guys keep records of who you take home? Want to know the day you're the least safe at Hearst? Today. Why didn't you tell us you drove Parker home the night she was raped? If I understand correctly, you drove Parker home. She must have been totally out of it. She was. She was hammered. And you come in Wallace's room the next day, dropping off new rape-safety rules, and you don't mention you were the one who put her to bed? I didn't know Parker was the girl who got raped. If I knew, I would have gone to the police or something. Biscotti? No. And what exactly would you have told the police? Whatever they asked. I didn't do anything wrong, Veronica. She was fine when we left. "We"? There was another girl in the cart. She wasn't drunk or anything. She just took the cart so she didn't have to walk alone. Parker was so out of it. She helped me take her upstairs. What was her name? Guten Morgen. Hats off, man. What? I would have cracked. I almost did already, but... would you believe, I forgot the damn address. It's the corner of 116th street and Jameson Boulevard. It's 114th and Jamestown. No, it's 116th. And it's Jameson, like the liquor. He's right. It's 114th and Jamestown. Maybe you could say it a little bit louder next time. I was agreeing with you, jerk. Moe's alibi checked out. Teri Wells, a sophomore R.A. in clark hall, confirmed that she and Moe dropped Parker off at her room and that by the time she left Moe, it was midnight. So it's back to Theta Beta... figuring out what the deal is with the mystery room and hoping it'll give me some clue to what happened to Parker. - Here you go, Veronica. - Thanks. I'm just so embarrassed. I'm really not usually like that. We all have our moments, Veronica. Lord knows I have. I just know they're not gonna vote for me now. They may surprise you. My girls are excellent judges of character. I really like it here, and Marjorie... You know, you can't talk to the girls before the vote, but I can. So... the surveillance-camera monitor is in the den mother's room? What exactly is going on here? Veronica? Just looking for the trash. Well, you can relax now. I don't think you have anything to worry about. Psst! I do declare, That was the finest frito pie I believe I've ever tasted. Oh, finally... My conjugal visit. Mmm, let me guess... You're out on good behavior? You all know my girl, Veronica. I have your picture hung in my cell. Gets me through the long, lonely nights. I lend it to my buddy Horshack sometimes... Hope you don't mind. - It's good to share. - Yep. Well, have a seat. We're waxing nostalgic over our time on the inside. Mmm, I can't. You're breaking out. I'm breaking in. Star-Crossed. What the hell do you think you're doing? Mmm... getting a jump-start on the freshman 15? You can't hear six people jump out of a window? We're gonna lose this now, and it's on you two. Now, with the Zeta Theta sisters all off somewhere voting, time to see what's in the mystery room. Holy smokes. Un-freaking-believable. - This is awesome, Veronica. - Thanks. And the secret parties with the booze and dudes? We're talking one greek house down, nine to go. Yeah, you know, they weren't all bad. You're gonna be a real asset to us here, Veronica. You're one of us now. How are you not peeing?! You downed an entire big gulp at the food court, and now you can't go?! What is wrong with you?! It's 114th and Jamestown. - Dude! - Only 10 hours to go, and you caved! Leave him alone. We need to talk. About what? Karen has cancer. She saw you go into her private room. There's a second camera inside. What were you looking for? The truth? If it's not too much to ask. A friend... someone I know... was raped after she left a Theta Beta party. I thought there might be a clue behind that door. What's behind that door has nothing to do with the rape of Parker Lee. So the pot farm... Karen was so sick from the chemo, she just spent the day laying on the floor in front of the toilet. We got her a dog bed so at least she could lay on something soft. This botany-professor friend of hers gave her some seeds. He said it would help with the pain and the nausea, and it did. She won't just lose her job over this, Veronica. She'll lose her insurance. Please don't say anything about what you saw. I held out as long as I could, guys... really. Come on. Give the guy a break. You rang? We have the address... 114th and Jamestown. Congratulations. You managed to get false information. Call me again when you get accurate intel. D'oh! Solitary... Now! I don't know how you did this, but I know this was you. Nish, it's Veronica. Listen to me... You can't print that story. I made a huge mistake. What mistake? Their den mother has cancer. She's growing marijuana for medical reasons. She got the seeds from a botany professor who was trying to help her. And the party? The underage drinking? Look, can you just give me a day so I can verify some facts? As far as I'm concerned, the facts are here. The article's being published, Veronica. You should be proud. Karen, I'm so sorry. There's going to be an article In the school newspaper tomorrow. You need to get rid of the marijuana before it comes out. You want to know the definition of "ironic"? You got voted in, Veronica. We wanted you to be one of us. I left you a card with, like, my numbers and stuff, if you want. I thought we were gonna have a blast together. Now everything's ruined. Don't go. Nothing's ruined. But I think if you go with your parents, it will be. Stay here. I'll have your back from now on. Thank you, Mac. Yes! Omar, now that it's over, -You got to tell us what that address was. -No. It's 116th street and Jameson Boulevard. Stick that in your trophy case, baby. Congratulations, guards. You've won. What are you talking about? It's 6:03. It's 5:45. The two guards who fell asleep on duty were just pretending. They waited for the prisoners to escape and then moved the clock forward. See you in class. And you didn't tell me? We were counting on you to act like a jerk. Way to sell it. 'Sup? I'm not acknowledging that. Look at my dedicated college student. Knowledge is power. - Nietzsche? - Mnh... "Schoolhouse rock". Here's the knowledge I've accumulated my first week at Hearst... Chip Diller seems to be around when the rapes occur, the safety of the safe ride home is questionable, and someone in the theta betas had the keys to Parker's room the night of her rape. It's a start. Van Gogh's "Two Lovers". Do you have any idea how much this is worth? Millions. I need you to do something for me. Sorry, Mrs. Casablancas, but I'm meeting my daughter in an hour. I think you'll change your mind. Oh. Papers are in order. Proceeds from the sale to go to the south Neptune food bank. Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Hey, Horshack. Morning, Wallace. Good news... Looks like Rafe isn't showing up today. Yeah, he's feeling a cold coming on. He asked me to take notes for him. - And you're doing it? - Yeah. I mean, all that stuff this weekend was just a game. He's a cool guy. He just likes to win. If you say so. Hey, where's Logan? Oh, we'll be seeing him real soon. So... what did we learn from our little experiment this weekend? Let me hear from one of the participants? Oh, my god. That happens to me all the time. So it looks like my work-study job will be in the library, my journalistic career over