The Lilly Kane murder file. Dad still hasn't given up on the case. We all lost Lilly and we all miss her. Duncan Kane. He used to be my boyfriend. I just want to see him passionate about something. And let's not forget Logan Echolls. Every school has an obligatory psychotic jackass. He's ours. You think you're this big outsider, push comes to shove, you're still one of them. You still think like one of them. Here folks is the house of Aaron Echolls. Quite a show, huh? Don't you people have lives? You don't see me poking around your trailer park, do you? Hey, uh, uh, are you the son? I'm the guy telling you to get back on the bus and get out of my driveway. Logan! Come back in the house, honey. Hey, you guys are out early. Here. Hey Logan. Come here. Get a few shots with my son, huh? There you go. Smile, Logan. Don't forget these folks pay for all of this, huh? Thanks, Dad. You know I polled the rest of the soccer team? None of them want to see my junk. Well, now you're covered. Oh, you didn't tell me that elections were this week. You should run. I think it would be a very impressive line on your college applications. Please Dad. All they do is sell candy and argue about prom decorations. Right, that's all they do now. Until the reign of Kane. Dear god! May no one have just heard him say reign of Kane. So, my dad wants to take me to the San Diego Zoo this weekend. Aw, man, I love the zoo. Everyone gets all excited about the monkey house. I'm a big cat man myself. My dad's gone a little nutty with all these father-daughter days. Yeah, see me on the other hand, would love to go to the zoo with my dad. - Wallace, don't… - But he's dead, so. Okay. I hate myself. Are you happy? Yo! Man! Over here. Keep the change. You're not allowed delivery. And you're not allowed to breathe my air. Go. Shoo. Return to Xanadu. Wanda Varner just had her food delivered. And that's wrong how? She doesn't have any Pirate Points. Oh, I see. You're new. I am. Pirate points are earned by being a contributing member of the school. You get them for being in student council, for sports… Cheerleading? Is a sport. Oh, Mr Clemmons! Mr Clemmons. Wanda Varner ordered in Chinese food. Wanda, I know you know the rules. If you'd like the privilege of having your lunch delivered, why don't you get more involved here at Neptune. In the meantime, I gonna have to confiscate your food. - Oh, you little bitch! - Oh, really? Wanda! Be so kind as to follow me to my office. Who is that girl? That? Is Wanda Varner. Used to be in pep squad together. You two seem less peppy. Hmm, all out, huh? Tough day? That ain't the half of it. See, this dame walks in and you should'a seen the getaway sticks on her. Says something's hinky with her old man. D'ya put the screws to him? You ain't kidding. He sang like a canary. Well, you're in luck, Philip Marlowe because it's desert for dinner tonight and I've got a whole sundae thing set up here. You know if Child Services finds out about this, they will take you away. Well, that's a risk I'm willing to take. Honey. Shouldn't we try something at the base of the food pyramid, you know, fruits and vegetables? What is that? A maraschino cherry? The Lilly Kane murder case took an unexpected turn this morning as convicted killer Abel Koontz fired his public appointed legal council. Forfeiting further appeals, the defendant is scheduled to die by lethal injection as early as next year… And, coming up- Why did he do that? Guess he's ready to die. Well, what are you going to do about it? You don't believe he's guilty… I hate to break it to you, honey. But nobody in Neptune cares what I believe in. They didn't care when I was Sheriff, they sure as hell don't care now. This town's gonna have to find another conspiracy nut. Check you out, Veronica Mars. You're like a rocker chick now. You and I? We'd have a lot of fun together… yeah… if, um, you know, if I wasn't dead and stuff. Why  are you here? Don't you watch any horror movies? My soul is doomed to walk the earth until justice has been served. Really? Yeah, that, and, as kind of a side project, I dispense fashion advice. Did Koontz do it? Wish I could tell ya. Why would he have wanted to kill you? Honestly. I was awesome, right? I miss you, Lilly. So  let's all get out there and cheer on our teams in the last game of the regular season. Morning, Veronica. I was thinking maybe you'd be interested in covering the election for the student newspaper. Sure. I'll write it up this afternoon. The election's tomorrow. And I can already see the headline. Brown-nosing, resume-packer wins in a landslide. Maybe you wanna dig a little bit deeper. I'll take it. …This morning, we'll be hearing from our first hopeful for the office of President, sophomore Wanda Varner. I'm Wanda Varner and I'm running for the office of student council president. Let's be honest. Student government doesn't do jack. I'm here to promise you real change. If elected, I promise to abolish the unfair and elitist Pirate Points programme for good. God bless you and God bless America. Hey dude. Can she do that? Student council giveth, student council taketh away. No, we're not giving up those points, man, you gotta run. Actually, I don't. Hey Wanda, check it out. Killer. Thanks. One of your campaign staff? I'm all about grass roots. How do you account for your sudden popularity? Isn't it obvious? It's class warfare, the haves versus the have-nots. You more than anyone at school should understand that. But it's more quotable if you say it out loud. Okay. The rich kids, they run things around here. They're the minority and they're corrupt. They get away with murder. Hey, give 'em hell, Wanda! You give 'em hell, Rodney! Pirate Points is just another way they reward themselves for so swell. They have all the power, we're the disenfranchised but only because we let ourselves be. It's time to take action! How was that? Was I quotable? Yeah, I think I can find something there. Hey! Hook me up with a beverage, huh? And what goes with an icy, cold beverage? A nice clean windshield. No, man you don't have to do that. The car was just professionally detailed. Ah, they got a lot of nerve calling themselves professionals. Look at that. They just move the dirt around. Man, A for effort but, uh, you're not getting paid for it. I don't remember asking. Hey, what about him? Pretty well fed for a bum. Hey, you army? Hell, no. United States Marine Corps. That's even better, huh. What are you? About 240? Uh, in my prime. Yeah? Hey, I'm, uh, I'm putting together a little amateur boxing night. If you're interested. What, you want me to fight? No, man. I want you to win. What you'd think that you'd just come in here and buy me like that? Is that how it is? Yeah, that's exactly how it is. I think we're on the same page. Get out of my face. Before I beat your ass down for free. All right, you suit yourself. Chhu-chhu. You have a nice day. …And in conclusion, I promise to uphold the duties of presidency to the utmost of my ability. Thank you. Wanda's gonna blow this chick out of the water. You can kiss your precious Pirate Points goodbye. Duncan Kane. A natural leader. What? Two time All League Soccer. Editor of the Neptune Navigator. Three point nine two four grade point average. National Honour Society. National Merit semi-finalist and all around, righteous dude. Hi. I'm Aaron Echolls. And I've known Duncan Kane for a long time. He's the real deal. Duncan Kane for student body President. That's my dad. All right! That's the last of the five candidates. Good luck, Duncan. Mark the letter of the corresponding candidate. Only one bubble will be counted. If none of the candidates receive a majority the top two will be entered in a runoff election. Please,  whatever you do, just don't vote for me. Did you hear that folks? He's humble to boot. God! This guy. If Lilly's ghost is going to haunt me until justice has been served, then I better get my ass in gear. Where to begin? How about the obvious? Abel Koontz was found with Lilly's backpack and shoes in his possession. He gave a confession on the spot. But Dad was convinced that the mystery led back to the most respected family in Neptune. The three people that were at the scene of the crime before he arrived. Jake Kane, beloved billionaire, Celeste Kane, renowned philanthropist… ...and Duncan. Each of the Kanes alibis was airtight. That is, until a traffic ticket proved that Lilly was still alive hours after the coroner's official time of death. I don't know what I'm looking for. But if there are any clues as to who really killed Lilly, then they're in Dad's safe. Arrest record, evidence log, autopsy report. How many times to I have to look at this stuff. Until it starts making sense. All right, all right! It's time for the main event. Gentlemen! In the red corner hailing from Balfour Port is Mighty Mike. And in the blue corner, the hometown hero… What's your name? Robbo Roth. Robbo Roth! All right, gentlemen, I want a clean fight. Go! Where did this come from? It's impossible! - Hey. - Hey, Dad. In a way, it's a little sad. You know, the end of an era. Wanda wins and no more Pirate Points. No more lunch delivery. Attention students. The results of the election have been tabulated. There will be no runoff votes in any of the races. Thank god. The winner in the office of secretary, Bryan Gibson. Vice President, Katie Keenan. And it gives me great pleasure to announce, the 2004-2005 SCA President, Duncan Kane. That's how it's done! That's a steaming crock, Clemmons. There's no way Duncan Kane could have carried half the student body. Now I've got a story. Mrs Donaldson, did you get my message? About inspecting the ballots. And? My short answer? No. My long answer would be a speech about being a gracious loser and about how just because you don't like the outcome, doesn't mean you can cry foul. The Student Charter says it is possible to lodge a formal protest. Which this is not. And if you had continued to read article 15 concerning student council elections; you would know that once the votes have been certified, a faculty sponsor must approve any request for a recount. That's it? So I just need another teacher to rubberstamp this? I think it's really cool that you're doing this. Oh, I'm happy to help, Veronica. I just find it difficult to believe that someone would try and tamper with the student council election. Well, you're new. No one will let me forget it. All I'm saying is I admire your enthusiasm just don't let it get in the way of- Fair and balanced, that's me. As promised, one faculty sponsor. I'd like to speak with Ms Dent for a moment please. I can't believe you'd let her rope you into this. I'm sorry? Look, Mallory. I've never heard of anything like this happening in a student election. Is there really any harm in Veronica double checking the votes. Well that's not the point. She's manipulating you. And I'd like to give you the chance to reconsider. I tell my students to be dogged. I tell them to follow hunches. All great. Certainly not telling you how to teach your class. But this is a student elections and, um, I'm just suggesting that you let this go. For your own good. I've signed the form, the request is official. We'll see those ballots now. - What'd you get? - Duncan still wins with 743 votes. How many times are we going to run it? No sign of anyone erasing ballots. No ballots missing. Hey. Student 43059. Who the hell is candidate E and why did you vote for her? You think I'm not voting for the sister? And for what possible reason do you have my student ID number memorised? You can toss those ballots in the recycle bin when you're done uncovering corruption. What? What is it? Well if "Wanda rulez" why'd you vote for Duncan, you head case? I wanna find out who this kid is and what art room he voted in. Yeah, and I want a statue of myself in the main lobby, holding a musket, staring down danger. Since we're talking about stuff we want. P lease? How hard was that? Kevin Carney. He's got art first period. Well you saw the voting cards yourself. You certified the count. There's nothing left to argue, it's over. Someone cheated. How? There were two sets of ballot instructions. That simply doesn't make any sense. Yes, it does. It makes perfect sense. The classes heavily populated with 09er kids got the candidates names in the correct order. The classes that Wanda would have carried - band, autoshop, art - got a list with the candidates names reversed. When those students thought they were voting for Wanda, they actually gave their votes to Duncan. You don't really expect us to believe this. We've invited the students from first period art. We could always ask them to review their ballots. Hold on. Veronica. Exactly who do you accuse of doing this? I'm not accusing anybody. Then again it wouldn't be hard to find out whose code was punched into the copier that made the ballot instructions. I had my student aide make them. And that would be who? Madison Sinclair. Well there you go. Mystery solved. Attention students. May I have your attention please? I regret to inform you that there has been a mistake in tabulating the election results. There will be a runoff election Thursday between Wanda Varner and Duncan Kane. Hi Madison. I heard you lost your student aide gig and your student council spot. If I may be so bold as to make a recommendation, on Fridays, ee-uh, Sloppy Joes are your best bet. I've been waiting for a moment alone to take a closer look at the photo of Lilly's bedroom on the night of her murder. The last thing I need is Dad popping his head in and discovering that I've been poaching from his safe. All right, when do I get to do yours? Finishing touches. Duncan? Oh, yeah, now that's just creepy. Action News. This is Hank. Hey. I'm a journalism student from Neptune High and I'm doing a follow up story on Abel Koontz. I'm wondering if you could send me a copy of the piece you did on Koontz a couple days ago. You know your mother and your mother's personal trainer don't need to know anything about this. Agreed. What do you say we, uh, stop on the way home, knock out some, uh, campaign bumper stickers. When you say we, you mean… I mean, we go and talk to some of my graphics guys. Oh, come on, Dunc. Look what you already accomplished and you weren't even trying. Imagine what you'd be capable of if you just put your heart into it. Cue inspirational music here. I'm so tired of your cynicism. Oh, Dad, I'm sorry, I mean I know you think that this election is some sort of stepping stone on my way to the White House- Well I got news for ya. I'm not concerned about this election, I just want to see you engaged. Enthusiastic about something. Look. Your happiness. Is all I've ever wanted. What if I find happiness living in a grass hut, carving driftwood figurines for tourists? I feel confident you have grander ambitions than that. But, if you're, uh, happy and committed to driftwood carving, be the best driftwood carver you can be. After you've graduated from Stamford, Law School, suma cum laudi. See that! You're already smiling. I think the opposing campaign just went negative. I'm gonna kill whoever did this! They're just posters. You still own the message. They're not just posters. They spray painted "Narc" on the hood of my car. You know they only chose the word "narc" because it would hit closest to home with your constituency. I shouldn't find that comforting. But I do. Well, why don't you come over tonight and we'll make new posters. And I'll get some puppy paint and an Avril Lavigne CD and it'll be just like our pep squad days. Awesome. Okay, don't do that. Bravo, Logan. It's a new low. And just when the critics were having some doubts. Must be talking about your, uh, narc friend, W-W-W-Wanda. Well isn't it time that you found another bad guy. Look, I just don't… have time to be responsible for every little thing that goes wrong in your life. So, was it your idea or did you just play it your usual way? What's my usual way? Oh, you know, Duncan. You don't initiate trouble. You don't initiate much of anything anymore. Don't stop there, Veronica. Say it. What's my usual way? You stand idly by. Gotta check out "The Smoking Gun" website. Excuse me, we're in the middle of a class here. Dude, you're famous. So, what's the story with you and Weevil? Weevil? There's no story. Why? No reason. Just thought you might have shared your friend Lilly's bad boy thing. But I guess I was wrong. Lilly had more of a boy thing. Are you sure? Lilly and Weevil never, because I heard- Never! Okay. So. Is this one any good? Umm, I, uh, I don't know, I haven't read it. Yeah. Most of these college guys are pretty unreadable. So what's your first choice? Ivy? Baby Ivys? Seven Sisters? Liberal Arts? East Coast? It gives me a panic attack to just think about it. Yeah. I really want to go to Williams. Now all I have to do is rob a bank and ace the SATs. I think we're in the same boat. Hey, Dad. What are you doing up? I couldn't sleep. What with the phone ringing every five minutes. "Access Hollywood", "Entertainment Tonight", "E". Any guesses what they wanted to talk about? My charity work? No. My latest Christmas movie? No. They wanted to talk about my son's latest opus. "Skid Row Boxing". Look, Dad, I, uh… I didn't know what- I have to say that your performance was really impressive. The way you play the ungrateful son determined to humiliate his father was utterly impressive. Do you have any idea what you just cost this family? Of course you don't. You never had to work for anything in your life. Well, tomorrow, after school, you're going to get your first lesson in public relations. Logan. Don't you ever embarrass me again. Vote for Wanda. Weevil. Put one on the back of your bike? Naw. I'm not going to vote for that narc. Come on, Weevil. You know better than to believe everything you hear at this school, that's just dirty politics. You might want to explain that to Felix. Somehow the Sheriff found out that all the "Welcome to Neptune" signs are hanging up in his bedroom, a week after he hooks up with your girl Wanda. Now how did that happen, huh? Now homeboy's got four weekends of highway clean up. Hey, superstar. Are you nervous? I'm so embarrassed but yes. Well, I think we should celebrate this weekend. Win or lose. I heard about this rave out in the desert. And we can make it if we leave directly after school tomorrow. Bitchin'. I'll tell my mom I'm spending the night at your place. Do we need any… provisions? Provisions? With a capital E, absolutely. But I know a guy. Oh, jealous. Wish I knew a guy. Here you go, Ms Dent. We will be voting simultaneously this morning in order to prevent any confusion. By now everyone should have their scantron ballots. All right. Here goes. If you'd like to vote for Duncan Kane, mark "A"… …and if you'd like to vote for Wanda Varner, mark "B". Let's see. On the one hand, we have the hot cold ex-boyfriend and heir to the status quo. On the other, the potentially duplicitous new friend and champion to the disenfranchised. Wanna hang out? And I'll impress you with my diving skills. Oh, did you hear that Becky Lacey is trying out for mascot? Really. Table's ready. You know what, man? You're fine where you are. Dick, here, can find his own spot. Yeah. I know I'm late Marty. Look, is this the closest homeless shelter you could find? No. Never mind. Are the cameras ready. Good. All right. Now this is how this is gonna work. They're gonna get a few shots of you volunteering at the soup kitchen, then I'm gonna join you for an interview with the TV crews, you got it? What do you want me to tell them? What do you think, Logan? That you're sorry. That you're bone-headed. And that ya screwed up. I'll take care of the rest. Vince! What's happening? Yeah, I got the script. I've seen better writing on cereal boxes. Oh, big deal. The man hasn't made a watchable movie since the seventies. Are they gonna meet my quote? Hot damn! Son! How do you argue with eight figures? Ya can't. Can't be done. Okay. Have 'em to draw up the contract. Hey. It's Don King. Hey, you find some sucker who's willing to make a bitch outta hisself for cash? All right. You ready to do this? Yeah. Thank you. Hey, thanks a lot. Mr Echolls, we're ready for you anytime. Catch you guys later. Logan! Excuse me! Uh, I just wanted to say that my father was not an educated man. He dropped out of school after the eighth grade so he could go to work in the new automotive plant in Pontiac, Michigan. And he once told me something that I'll never forget. He said son, a good heart is worth all the heads in the world put together. Now my son here will be the first one to admit that he wasn't using his head. But I promise each and every one of you, that this boy, this boy has a great heart. Um. I know now that, uh, that what I did was wrong. I'm really sorry. I, uh, I only hope that one day I can live up to my dad's good example. I love you. Okay, look, uh, I know that you didn't want to make a big deal out of this but I'm just so proud of him that I, I can't keep it a secret. Dad told me on the way over that he's donating half a million dollars to the Neptune foodbank. Way to go, Dad. Hey Veronica. Deputy wants to inspect your locker. You'd think I'd quit being surprised at finding a knife in my back. Ah, Veronica Mars. We meet again. The Sheriff's Department has asked me- I could just give you my locker combination, save us all a lot of trouble. Nothing. There's a couple of suckers. In the bag if you want one. This is Mrs Donaldson, the student council advisor. I'm pleased to announce that the winner of the student council presidency is… Duncan Kane. Wanda! I guess we're not going to that rave in the desert but I do have a pretty good idea of where you can stick these. - You don't understand. - You're right. I don't. Why don't you explain it to me. I got busted last year for possession. This was the only way that they would keep it off my record. I'd never get into Williams with a drug charge on my file. So you were willing to wreck my future to save your own. Veronica! This wasn't just about getting into college. If I would have won, I would have done what I promised. We would have changed the way things work around here. You know what? No hard feelings. I didn't vote for you. Well, it's been a crazy week, uh, but I am proud to introduce your new student body president, Duncan Kane. Thank you Mrs Donaldson. And now, my first act as President, I would like to make sure that no one loses a single Pirate Point. But you know what? In addition to varsity sports, I would also like to make sure that students in band, students who make honour role, students who perform in school plays, that write for the school newspaper… Even students who excel in vocational trades should be eligible to earn Pirate Points. And they should share in the benefits. Okay. So what kind of candy should we sell this year. Dad changed the combination. He knows. - Package for you. - Oh great. Something from Action News? Oh, uh, nothing, a tape for a journalism project. Just to compare and contrast TV news footage with, uh, local print coverage. I'm lying. You know I'm lying. I don't want things to be like this between us anymore. Like what? Like our own game of spy vs spy. You know I was in the safe. And I know you're still investigating Lilly's murder. I was. I'm not anymore. Why not? Dad, we're running out of time. I used to think that solving the case was the key to our happiness. Solve the case and my reputation is restored. Solve the case and your mom comes home. Solve the case and you go back to being a normal teenage girl. So let's do it, let's solve the case- Wait, Veronica. What I believe in now is that we make the most out of what we have here and now. I believe in going to the zoo with the person I love the most. This isn't a school project. It's the footage of Abel Koontz's arrest. And I need to show you something. This is an enlargement of a crime scene photo taken the night of Lilly's murder. The defendant is scheduled to die by lethal injection as early as next year. What are those shoes doing in Abel Koontz's possession?