You told the police you couldn't identify the guy. -I lied. -Of course you did. So how are we gonna figure out who did it? The one that did it is in business with the Fitzpatricks. Molly? Were you dating Felix? My uncles and cousins didn't know about us. You killed Felix, didn't you? Before you think about spreading it around, I think you should see something... that night you nearly kicked curly's head in. If we did our work right, the stadium implodes. I told you to take that crate to section 11! Is it just a coincidence that Danny Boyd works here, or do I add his name to the list of bus-crash suspects? All righty, citizens, the big moment has finally arrived. One lucky student will spend a week interning at the mayor's office as his honorary deputy, and as a grand finale, this lucky patriot will push the plunger for the demolition of old Shark field on saturday. The grand-prize winner of Woody Goodman's freedom essay contest is... Logan Echolls. I'm sorry, did someone say my name? For those interested, the winning essay will be on the board all week. "Freedom" That's what it's all about. "But talking about it and being it... that's two different things." Phew. You came up all deliberate-like. I figured you wanted to be first in line to ask me to the Sadie Hawkins dance, not recite my prize-winning essay. Neither, actually. I'm quoting "Easy Rider," which you may remember making me watch last summer. That's funny. It sounds a lot like my essay. Yeah, weird. Sure, I mean, who doesn't use algebra every day of their life, but Felix, algebra 2? Come on. What am I still doing even showing up here? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. It's all coming back to me now. Three months till summer, then senior year. After that, v*monos, baby. I got to pass the deuce first. This will be your third try, right? How bad you want out of here? I got to graduate. I know my grams is holding on just long enough for me to cross that stage. Right. Okay, what kind of grand plans you got, huh? Miss James gave me some info on trucking school. Those guys make $40 an hour. You know that? That's enough to get married, settle down, crank out a couple shorties. Wait, Felix, Felix. Hold on, doggy. Before you get all minivan on us, you got to get a woman. You ain't had a girlfriend longer than a weekend, far as I know. I heard the FBLA won the drawing to host the Sadie Hawkins dance. Dances are the best fund-raisers. The band made, like, 3 grand at last year's. This face right here... my over-the-moon face. Thinking of asking some special boy? I'm flying solo for the foreseeable future. I'll be working it, though... You work it, girlfriend. ...Taking keepsake couples photos. What about you? Anyone on your radar? Well, I've got a dilemma. I'm torn between this sweet band dork and this all-hands nubian prince. Ooh, tell me more about this band dork. Oops. You'll lose that hand. Don't get between a man and his cake. Uh, excuse me, guys. I believe I'm getting the nod. I need your help. Ah, if I had 50 bucks every time someone said that. Look, I know it's a drag being you, and... No, seriously, I'm gonna need 50 bucks if you expect me to keep listening. Well, I'm banking on curiosity getting the better of you. All right, tell me. Damn my curiosity! Thumper killed Felix. Okay. If you know Thumper did it, what do you need me for? Well, I can't prove it...yet, and Thumper has something on me. There's this video on his cell. Do go on. I didn't exactly tell you the whole truth about how I handled the Curly situation. Shocker. I think that's scout's honor. I mean, your fingers are... Wait, not important, moving on. Which parts did you skimp on? We did get an anonymous call... not just me, some of my boys, too... all saying the same thing... Curly sent the bus off a cliff to take out Cervando for hustling Lee and Fitzpatrick out of a few grand. It wasn't me. I didn't kill your friend. Those kids... That's not what I hear. I hear you took out the bus to get Cervando. It wasn't me. I know who did it. Yo! You told me you didn't believe Curly caused the bus crash. I don't. But you beat him anyway? No, I saved his life. My boys wanted to send him off a cliff behind the road hog. Don't suppose you noticed whether Curly had my name written on his hand while you were... ...saving his life. No, but... the cameo he was wearing looked a lot like you. Thumper's gonna go down for what he did to Felix one of two ways... either the law's gonna handle it, or I will. If you want it done right, then help me get the proof. A long time ago, We used to be friends but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 2x17 Plan B</i> How's your dad doing? Fantastic. So good, in fact, they took him off suicide watch yesterday. Banner freakin' day in the Cook household, let me tell you. Is he getting better? Slowly. He's in no hurry. Once the doctors clear him, he moves from his guarded hospital room to a cell at county jail. So how you doing in that great big house all alone? Ah, the things you don't know about me. When my mom started getting wrinkles around her eyes and she could see the end of her modeling career coming, her new career became landing a wealthy man. Single, wealthy men like to travel. They like to party. They don't like kids hanging around. I was pretty much alone from age 11 on. Being alone now kind of feels like being back to normal. Well, we should hang out. Even superman would leave his fortress of solitude from time to time. I'd like that. This is study hall. Do you two know what we do in study hall? Give me a minute. I think I know this one. What are you doing? No, I'm just standing here, wondering what I've done to make you ashamed of me. It's the age thing, isn't it... No, me and my full blush of youth and you and your advancing years. I'm standing in the middle of the hallway holding your hand, dorkwad. You don't really want to go to that thing. Well, you know, I'd like to be asked. Fine. Do you want to go to the big dance, Cassidy? Was that so hard? Yes. And if the dance blows half as much as I'm guessing it will, we can cut out early and go straight for the good stuff. Oh, my. I'm talking about Neptune's best Pizza Quest '06. You, get your mind out of the gutter. Hey, I need a second. I'm sorry, I can't be late for my first day. But call the county Courthouse, ask for the assistant to the honorary deputy mayor. I need you to do something for me. Veronica, ask not what Logan can do for you, but what you can do for Logan. That's gonna get old real soon. Let me know when that time comes. Until then, you know me. I'll just be speaking softly and carrying a big stick. God, you're a pest. Tell me everything you remember about the night Felix was killed. You do know I've been cleared of all charges, right? The whole dead-Felix business has lost its intrigue for me. Once something stops being important to me, my memory gets a little fuzzy. Wait. Who are you? The murder is still unsolved. And yet, somehow, I sleep like a baby. If Thumper did do it, he's about to get away with killing Felix, framing you, taking over the P.C.H. Bike club, and cornering the high-school drug trade. We should invite him to speak at FBLA. Follow the bouncing ball... not my problem. You don't remember anything about the guy who stopped and helped you... the 911 caller? Mexican dude driving a truck. Oh, his truck had a bumper sticker. It said, "how's my driving? Call 1-800-eat..." something. Thanks. Well, run along, deputy dog. Go serve your community. I think it was a San Diego seafood truck. I'd probably know him if I saw him. father Fitzpatrick has blown this way out of proportion. What do you intend to do about that? More law enforcement, for one. Property values will bounce back. Excuse me. Sir, your intern from Neptune high school's here. I got to run. Listen, the voters will decide, okay? Got to go. Bev, get some guys from the newspaper over here. Me with a high-school kid... good P.R. Lord knows I can use some. Mr. Goodman, Logan Echolls. It's good to meet you, sir. Aaron's son, right? Great essay, powerful stuff. It came from the heart. Cancel that last request I made. All right, then. First thing's first. Let's make it official. Bev, you got that bible handy? -Your left hand, please. -Yes. That burns. Just kidding. I, Logan echolls, do solemnly swear to faithfully execute the office of honorary deputy commissioner of Balboa County, California. I do. Now if you'll excuse me. Where are you going? I'm going to fire the sheriff. Let's save personnel changes till after you've warmed up a bit. Now,I'm sure you're aware that I've introduced a bill proposing the incorporation of Neptune. I'm glad you brought it up. I'm backing the plan. In fact, I'm throwing my considerable weight behind it. I say we take it a step further and erect a wall around Neptune proper keep the riffraff out. You want me to visit some of the local community centers, -...sell them on it? -Not quite yet, but I appreciate the offer. For now, we just need this mail separated into pro- and anti-incorporation piles. Uh, isn't Beverly here a bit more suited to this kind of thing? I've got a letter opener you can borrow. Beats pulling the drive-through shift at Woody's burgers, right? I wouldn't know... you're the one who's served 20 billion. Hello. I believe Woody's expecting me. Mister Goodman ? Your 4 o' clock is here. Logan? That's honorary deputy county commissioner Echolls to you. Keith, that you? Come on in. Keith, I want you to drop your other cases and focus all your energies toward clearing the greatest shark to ever put on a uniform. Terrence broke into his ex-girlfriend's family home. The journalism teacher who died in the bus crash... that give you pause? Not a moment's. You know something that makes you so certain? I know the quality of his character. Um... there's something you gentlemen should probably see. This DVD was in the stack of mail. No return address. That's inside my house. I figured. Watch. Well, I don't know. All the kids at school... -Keith. -Yeah, I'll look into this, as well. So I'm guessing this goes in the anti-incorporation pile. So this is staking out, huh? It looks sexier in the movies. Did you hear anything from Hannah? Does deafening silence count? You know, I'm not sure, but I think when they start shipping your girlfriends off, you're officially a bad boy. Her dad and your dad should get together and go bowling. There he is. Excuse me. Hi, um, sorry to bother you. We were hoping to ask you about an incident we think you witnessed last may... on the Coronado bridge. You might remember helping my friend here. If there was an incident, I would remember it. So your route has to take you across the Coronado bridge. You got the wrong guy. -This is the guy, right? -Yeah, that's the guy. You know my schedule, huh? You know where I live? 43rd and Euclid. I got P.C.H.Ers riding up and down my street day and night. Now, if I was on the bridge that night and if I saw what went down, a guy like me who's got a wife and a 5-year-old daughter might think he's better off keeping his mouth shut. Well, covering your own ass has made the last seven months of mine hell. That's one way of looking at it. Now, here's another. If it was me who stopped, chased off the bikers, and called 911, then I guess I'd be the guy who saved your life. I was planning on sending a fruit basket from prison. A rich, white son of a movie star getting convicted in Neptune? I'd say your future's safe. You find a witness? Yeah, I found out he's as good as no witness at all... not a big fan of the P.C.H.Ers. Yeah, their popularity's really gone downhill without me. By my count, we got bupkes. Count again. I got another angle... Molly Fitzpatrick. What's she know? The Fitzpatricks were using their plastic surgeon to pin Felix's murder on Logan. You know what that says to me? That we need tougher immigration laws? No. Thumper did the deed, but the orders came from his supplier. My guess... it was a condition of them doing business together. Why kill Felix? A while back, I found out Felix and Molly had a thing. It got serious... sneaking around, talking about a lifetime of trucking their brains out. Good Golly, miss Molly. They were in love. Molly said if her family found out, they'd kill them both. Maybe they found out. Maybe they were told. This serves as a preemptive apology for the conversation that's about to take place. Okay. And... Beaver and I occasionally, you know, make out. Mmm... I made out once, back in the day. I think he had me pinned up against a woolly mammoth. So not that I'm an expert in this sort of stuff, but four months, typical high-school boy... there should be some under-the-bra action, no? Let me consult my idiot's guide to Wanton behavior. Basically you're asking me because I'm the sluttiest person you know? Um, "slutty" is your word choice. Mine was "worldly." Mmm. So four months and nada? -Hand holding, kissing. -With tongue? -Some tongue. -Ass grabbing? Helped me brush the dog hair off my pants once. So this is bad, right? -Not so much bad as... -It's weird. Out of the ordinary, but not necessarily in a bad way. Okay, Veronica, I really like him, and we have so much fun together. Then don't sweat it. Yeah, but it's weird, right? Yeah, that's what I thought. What's this? It was supposed to be your future, wasn't it? I found it in Felix's shop locker. It must have been you Felix was talking about when he went on about driving a semi, settling down, and shooting out some rug rats. Can't say for sure, 'cause he never mentioned you by name. It's too bad your family put him in the ground, huh? Felix got stabbed on the bridge. Nobody in my family was even there. It was Logan Echolls or it was a P.C.H.Er. It doesn't much matter to me which... Same scum, different wardrobe. You know that plastic surgeon dr. Griffith? -Yeah. -Strange, isn't it? That the key witness was some guy under your uncle's thumb? What pisses me off is that I think loving you cost Felix his life. It seems to me you never gave a damn about him. -I loved him. -No, I loved him! And you know how you can tell? 'Cause I'm the one who cares enough to keep trying to find out who killed him. Ooh, my god look at that girl, Charlie? Did you see that ? Did you just check that girl out? I was admiring her sweater. Her second-skin, rack-magnifying sweater? I love the fabric. It would be a good color on me. I got news for you. There's not a bad color for you. I think you should ask her where she got that from. Oh, you think so, huh? Anytime a hot girl wants to wear a tight sweater with a zipper down the middle, I'm on board. Ask her, ask her, ask her.</i> Hang on a sec, Wallace. Hi, Charlie. I'm Jackie. Would you like to go to the dance with me this weekend? Uh...yeah. Okay. Hey, buddy. I wouldn't. Hey, there. Bet I know what you need right about now. Come on. Follow me. You mind giving me a spot? One... ...two... so are you excited about the demolition ceremony? I'm nervous, actually. Someone's gonna have to walk me through it step-by-step. Now, uh, push down, right? I need... Whoo, thank you. You know, looking at you reminds me of the good old days when I was young and ripped. Bet you have some fun with the ladies, huh? Uh, the ones that survive. [Wild Seeds - "If I Were A Storm"] Molly, get me a beer. Okay. Okay, you ready to lose all that legitimate paycheck? If I was you, Liam, I'd save that smack till I was behind the 8. Oh, that is gonna hurt! Molly! You hear me, girl? Bring me another beer. What the hell's wrong with you tonight? Sorry, uncle Liam. I just... had a crap day. Aw. Come tell cousin Danny all about it. I'm just pissed off about Logan Echolls. He's supposed to be in jail for murder. What happened with dr. Griffith's testimony? Why did he lie? Since when do you give a rat's ass about dr. Griffith or some dead biker? Just... dr. Griffith... I never trusted him. You sure that's it? You sure you're not pining... over that half-breed cholo? Don't call him that. Why? It's the truth. Don't you dare cry for him. After all the things he said he did to you? You were his whore. He did not care about you. You were just a dumb, blond... piece of tail he shot his mouth off about to all his buddies... how he plugged the good ship Molly-pop. Shut up! Shut your mouth! You should be glad he's dead. If your dad wasn't in prison, he'd have done it himself. We take this to the sheriff, Thumper might decide he wants to show off his phone video of you dispensing justice. I'll risk it. It'll be worth it to me to see him go down for killing Felix. So after all this, it looks like Felix got himself killed bragging about his sex life. Thumper made it up, okay? You want to make a guy like Liam lose his mind, call a girl in his family a whore or say that she'll let you do what any... Eli. Veronica. Don't tell me... lab report. History exam. Roman history. Man, that Caligula. Whew! Sheriff will be in in a minute. He's just running a little bit... -Sacks! -I guess he's here. Someone took my parking space again. Yeah, we got a letter. The new deputy commissioner needs it. I guess he's handicapped. You, out. Look up Eli Navarro. There's got to be something outstanding we can book him on. Oh if I did it ? It's outstanding. Still picking winners, huh, Veronica? I told you, when I start picking losers, it's all you. We were just in the neighborhood, thought we'd drop by, solve a murder case for you. Well, bonus points for bringing the perp along. So who's the deceased? Eduardo Orozco killed Felix. Thumper. He's got such a cute nickname. He's dealing on campus for the Fitzpatricks now. Here's proof that they're working together. Liam Fitzpatrick practically confesses to orchestrating Felix's death on this tape. ...How he plugged the good ship Molly-pop.</i> You should be glad he's dead. If your dad wasn't in prison, he'd have done it himself. Imagine how helpful that recording would be if it was obtained legally... not to mention an actual confession. Note the absence of a silver platter. This was more to steer you in the right direction than to, say, do your job for you. Actually, it was doing your job for you. Getting admissible evidence seems like the least you can do. There's less I can do... trust me. An 09er could come in here with tea leaves and a ouija board, and they'd send out a S.W.A.T. Team. It's time for plan "B." Not just yet, dirty Harry. In case you haven't noticed, I ain't no mick cop. Uh, okay. Dirty Sanchez? Just give me a few more hours. There's a woman I can talk to, and luck might be a lady tonight. Patience ain't one of my virtues, Veronica. You got something for me already? I might. I need to get your input. So you'll notice here when the camera passes by your living-room window that it's dark outside. Okay. And then here, our mystery videographer happened to get a shot of your clock. It was approximately 5:30 in the evening. All right. So what does that mean? It means that this video had to be shot in november or december when the days were short, long before you went public with the incorporation initiative. I think we've been barking up the wrong tree. Now, I guess my next question is... got another tree? Can you think of another reason someone might have for wanting to rattle you? Let me think about this. I'll get back to you. Take your time. Sometimes these things aren't easy to recall. [Mere Mortals - "Lost Art"]  Thoughts so heavy slouch like royalty you joke It's really sweet of you to do this. It's my pleasure. Veronica, this is my friend Charlie... and his mom. Hey, Charlie, how did you snag the sexiest girl in school? She asked me, and I said yes. Ah, well, we always want the bad boys. -Okay. Say, "cheeky monkey." -Cheeky monkey! Hi, welcome to the Sadie Hawkins spring fling. Enjoy. Don't worry, gang. If she's a 2 at 10:00, she'll be a 10 at 2:00. This is cool, huh? It would have been cooler to have, like, a date, but, actually, I'm kind of proud of myself that I came alone. It's kind of huge for me, don't you think? It's like I'm evolving. Hi! Enjoy confession. All the crepe paper in the world could not turn this gym into a garden paradise. Hey, I'm having a moment here. Use your imagination. I'm 17 years old, and my mom decides that last night was the perfect opportunity to give me the sex talk. Wallace? Yeah, my lecture was one word... Don't. So, my dad likes having you at work. He says you've got potential. I think that was the word. Well, "potential" was the word, but "underachiever" is the sentiment. Ha ha. The demolition ceremony's gonna be fun. Are you nervous? What if you push the plunger and nothing happens? You mean, like, if there were total silence? Let's try to imagine it. I'm so sorry. It's time to get charlie home. Come on, charlie. It's time to say good night. Good night. Good night, Charlie. I'm getting thirsty. You want something to drink? Sure. Jackie! Wait up. Hey. You all right? Yeah. I'm fine, why? Well, you blew out of there so fast. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. Wow, that's really sweet of you to... Easy, boy. Don't you have a date? I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression. So are you saying you don't have feelings for me? Wallace, the girl you're trying to make me right now is the girl that I'm trying really hard not to be. So knock it off. I'm riding home with Kate. Hold up. -What are you... -You were kissing her. Kate saw you. Jane, wait. Please? Look, I'm sorry. I was messed up. She's always around you, always hanging on you. You couldn't resist? It was a weak moment. Look, I'm so sorry. Really. That was positively sucktastic. Well, the night is still young. We could always go back to your place. No parents to worry about. Yeah, Dick's there. So? Dick's always there. Yeah, uh, it's just... you know, I don't feel like dealing with him tonight. well, if we stay in your room, then we won't have to deal with him. [The Perishers - "Sway"] Like we found a way eventually </i>  it was you who picked the pieces up </i> when I was a broken soul then you glued me back together returned to me what others stole of course, we still have eight stops left on Pizza Quest '06. I don't want to hurt you it's just... I don't want to make you sway you know, with Dick there... like I know I've done before I will not do it anymore I've always been a dreamer for a friendship to work, you have to be completely honest, which is something I have absolutely no problem with. But you... you run from the truth. Only when it's chasing me. Do you know what I think? I think you use sarcasm and anger as a way to keep people from getting too close to you. You know, I do. But it doesn't always work. Tell me what you think about me. Seriously. Be completely honest. -Dance with me. -Oh, Veronica. When I dreamed of this moment, "(I've Had) The Time of my Life" was always playing. Well, what can you do? And then tricked them back into me you saved me I was almost dead I don't want to hurt you I don't want to make you sway like I know I've done before I will not do it anymore I've always been a dreamer I've had my head among the clouds now that I'm coming down won't you be my solid ground? I was going into st. Mary's to make the drop. Next thing I knew, somebody grabbed me, and I was out. When I woke up, the cash was gone. That baby face looks real pretty for someone who got jumped. So, what? You got hit in the head? No, it was some kind of a... he used a vulcan death grip? Hey, Liam, take a look what I found behind the little bunny's gas tank. Hmm. Well, would you look at that? You know, Jackie... I used to think everyone was wrong about you. It's Weevil! I'm telling you, man! He set me up! He must have found out about the church somehow. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on, Thumper. You got to man up. You're gonna get yours, both of you. I got something on you. Oh, duct tape. Is there anything it ain't good for? Good news, Keith. You can take that stalke video off your plate. Turns out it was my gardener... rather my former gardener. How'd you figure it out? He confessed. Crisis of conscience, I guess. My wife fired him a few months back for killing the hydrangeas. My wife is...tough. Gardener's not a bad guy. I promised him I'd get the DVD back. He wants it destroyed. You seem pretty understanding about all this. Well... so that's it, then? I got bigger fish. I guess you'd be out of business if they all went this way, huh? So, Keith, you got that dvd? Oh, sure. Thanks. Now you can get back to important business, like clearing Terrence's name. Right. Thanks, Keith. Veronica... such a good kid, coming in on your lunch period, helping your dad. -Bye, everybody. -See you, Woody. Can you hold my calls for a while? Okay, you win. Smart move talking to my wife. Just so I've got this straight, you saw one P.C.H.Er stab another P.C.H.Er and put the knife in the Echolls kid's hand? Yeah, that's what I saw. Could you identify the guy if you saw him again? I couldn't make out faces, but the one that did the stabbing took off on a red motorcycle with some kind of black spider on the side. I know the bike. Sacks, issue a warrant for Eduardo "Thumper" Orozco. I want him tracked down now. She brings it on herself. She'd have friends if she didn't act like she's the most important person wherever she is. Jane, Jackie didn't kiss me last night. I kissed her. She must have been coming on to you. She wasn't. I just kissed her out of nowhere. I'm sorry. I don't want to hurt you, but I got to be honest. I still have feelings for her. I broke up with Jane. So, are you gonna ask me to sit down? No. You can't sit here, Wallace. Do you not see that? Why not? I'm free now. You know I like you. There's nothing stopping us. If you sit here, it proves that I'm the man-eating bitch who snatched you from one of the sweetest girls in school. I won't have that. Now go. Please, Wallace. Leave. Is it me? No, it's the tater tots. Are you not attracted to me? Wait, what? Why don't you want to, you know, like, do stuff? Can we please not talk about this here? We have to talk about it sometime. I get nervous, too. Like when we're just hanging out, it's... totally comfortable and cool, but then it feels like there's all this pressure, and... I don't know what I'm doing, neither. I know what I'm doing. I'm not saying you don't. Well, you know, it sounded like you were. I'm saying I don't. So if you don't either, or you feel nervous or... we have to stop talking about this. Veronica says that all guys move at different speeds and that this could just be... You talked to Veronica about me? No. I mean... What did you say to her? Nothing. It was more about me. I wanted to make sure that I wasn't doing something wrong. Well, you weren't. But you are now. Good luck getting laid. [Alejandro Escovedo] ["Gravity/Falling Down Again"]</i> Pay your money take your chances Wheels spinning, going 'round and 'round</i> No angels hanging from the ceiling could save you</i> No,no, st. Jude can't pull you out Falling down again A pale little girl Falling down again Don't ask me if it hurts Hey Wood. Woody? Yeah. Pardon me. There's a motorcycle chained up inside the stadium. It's gonna get turned into dust. Is everyone out? We've blown the horn a dozen times. I had the boys do a walk-through. How long would it take to unlock it and get it out of there? Uh... 20, 30 minutes. Then someone's losing a motorcycle. This field has seen a long and storied history. Dad! Hurry up! They're about to blow up Shark Field. ...11th inning in a 9-8 victory for a packed house of 50,000 fans. Bless me, father, for I have sinned. It's been a long, long time since my last confession.