you need to know about your dad. On the subject of the bus crash, back in '89, then-deputy Mars pulled Ed Doyle over for driving under the influence. Had a D.U.I. appeared on his record, he would have never been hired by the school district. The bus was sabotaged. If that sound is an explosion, not only were those kids murdered, but the guilty party is still at large. You're dying, abel. You didn't kill Lilly Kane. You're just somebody's patsy. So, Abel Koontz has a daughter. Mrs. Delongpre just finalized her father's settlement with Kane Software. A week ago, I imagined this all differently. Keith Mars was supposed to ride his projected lead to a resounding victory, and me and Wallace were supposed to sneak some champagne before making slightly tipsy crank calls to former sheriff Lamb. Instead, I'm riding out a nail-biter, while Wallace is off finding himself with his dad in Chicago. Instead of a best friend, I've got an e-mail address that won't write back. Don't worry. The polls are open 20 more minutes. We own the straggler vote. You're out of cocktail wienies, and I'm out of cocktail. We're out of gin. I'm not particular. Our latest results now show Don Lamb nosing ahead by a percent. Whatever it is, make it a double. ...Between Don Lamb and challenger Keith Mars is neck and neck, as it has been all night. We show that the incumbent is edging... Are you the sheriff? Looks like it's going to stay that way. I have information about that mexican kid who got killed. Felix Toombs? Yeah. I'm the one who made the anonymous call from the bridge. Dude. My stepmom? I am a total piece of crap. Better you than the cable guy, I guess. And I'd be lying to say if I never perved on your mom while she was prancing around the pool in that hardly-there bikini of hers. Great. So, no hard feelings? No, she gave me a few. So, Woody Goodman is officially the balboa county supervisor, the position historically referred to as "the mayor of Neptune." And we're officially calling the sheriff's race. Don Lamb holds onto his seat in a real nail-biter. And I'm officially calling life unfair. Well, we'll get 'em in 2010, folks. Thanks for all the good work. Ah, look on the bright side. 49% of Neptune still likes you. This wasn't how it should have gone. Veronica, we did all we could. It wasn't even a contest until Lamb decided to make you a scapegoat for the bus crash. All we had to do was release the tape of the bus explosion. No. It was the best thing for the investigation. The best thing for the investigation would have been a competent sheriff. Honey, it's over. Go on to your boyfriend's party. I've got Cliff to keep me company. Right, Cliff? Right. I promise to hold his hair back if he has to make sick in the toilet. You even know where your dad went? Let's just say I'm not at liberty to discuss. Our lawyers say if he ever sets foot on U.S. Soil, he's looking at 10 to 15 at club fed. So, you're all alone? What's that like? Is it cool? Or, I guess, weird? It's tough. You know my real mom's got a new family up in Frisco, so I'm pretty much the man of the house. I'm just trying to take care of Beav and stuff. Excuse me. Hey, Veronica. Hey, Gia, have you seen Duncan? I'm sorry about your dad. It's such a drag. That other guy seems like a total knob. Yeah. Congrats on your old man. I guess that makes you, like, Neptune's first daughter. Are you ready for all the parade waving and ribbon cutting? I thought I'd go more bush-twins style -- you know, public drunkenness, sluttiness, and minor scandals. Speaking of which, what do you think about Dick? Uh... Casablancas, I presume? Um...well, what can I say? Dick is just... Dick. Deputy Sachs? Now, that's ballsy -- busting the mayor's kid's party on election night. What is he doing here? The sheriff would like to have a word with you. And I'd like to be the cream filling of an olson-twins sandwich, but -- will you come with me, please? If I'm under arrest, then do me the courtesy of making it all official-like. Oh, yeah. Logan echolls... that's more like it. ...You're under arrest for the murder of Felix Toombs. Ooh, I am having the weirdest déjà vu. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot find one, you will be appointed one by the court. Douche chill! Sheriff lamb, please. Hey, Keith. Just a sec. Keith Mars on the line. I got to take a message. Just, you know, "good race" and all that, the usual pleasantries. I'll pass that along, Keith. I'm sorry. Things are just a little busy here right now. Following up that lead on the bus crash, I hope. They're checking out the front end, the brakes, everything. They brought up the bus? In a night of bad surprises, I have one more I'd like to prevent. Great. Apparently we've hired a wino to guard our door. Um, I don't think you're allowed to -- Veronica Mars. Abel Koontz? I need your help. I'm trying. I just -- let's sit down. No. It's my daughter Amelia. She's missing, and I need your help to find her before I die. Abel Koontz, bloated and reeking from rotgut wine. Surprise! A long time ago, we used to be friends but I haven't thought of you lately at all Come on, now, sugar bring it on, bring it on, yeah just remember me when we used to be friends a long time ago we used to be friends Amelia signed the settlement papers with Kane Software... last spring. And what was the going rate for taking the fall for murder? $3 million. It was for Amelia. You don't think making herself scarce was part of the settlement? I need you to find her. Why should I help you? Because I'm begging you. I missed her 21st birthday, and I won't live to see her 22nd. Please? What are you doing? Broke or not, there has to be a hospital that'll take you. Hi. I need to bring someone in. Where is your E.R. entrance? -- Forget about me. Will you help me find my daughter? Thank you. Only because you begged. Come on. Number four, step forward. Oh, wow, I'm stunned. You like me. You really like me. Well, first I'd just like to say the other, uh, nominees are all such wonderfully gifted criminals. And I want to thank my agent... ...and my publicist for always shooting me from the left side. You might want to get a lawyer. What? For this charade? Just get me the first sober public defender you find in the hall, put the bail on my black amex, and call me a limo. Actually, buddy... it's kind of hard to get bail without a hearing. And even if you make it before a judge, I draw a lot of water in town, and I got this feeling you might just get declared a flight risk. Hmm? Amelia held up her end of the deal with Jake Kane and vanished completely. Her paper trail dried up on may 27th. But it's been my experience that personal ties don't dry up so easily, and last I saw her, she was tied pretty tightly to a certain boyfriend. Hi. Are you mike? I don't know where she is. The last place I saw her was in Ibiza. You mean like "there's Tara Reid passed out on the beach" Ibiza? Yeah. I'd just finished finals, and she came up and said, "hey, I got a whole bunch of money." Oh, a patent settlement. It was complicated. Well, we went to Europe, ended up in Ibiza. We met fun people. We went to the beach every single day, tracked down all these cool parties on this website. It was cool. I'm sensing an "until." One night we're at this club one of these places that drop this foam crap on you at midnight. So, we're there. We're hanging out. They drop the foam... and that was the last I saw of her. Did you check under the foam? I had to call my parents to fly me home. It basically kind of sucked. Well, at least you got to go to Europe. And all I got was this lousy t-shirt. So you're not... worried? She ditched me. Whatever. The girl's got three million bucks to keep her company. If she's really in trouble, she took all my phone cards. She could call me, but... I kind of doubt that's gonna happen. Okay, boyfriend ditched in Ibiza. Maybe Amelia's old roommate got the behind-the-scenes on that. God. She really went to Ibiza? Or maybe not. Did she contact you? Anything about where she might have been? No, she just, you know, left. Ibiza. That is so weird. Weird? How so? Well, she's hardly the "girls gone wild" type. I practically had to put a gun to her head just to get her to do the greek booze cruise last year. Or maybe it's true what they say -- money changes people. Ibiza. I'd follow up in person, but dad's pretty conservative about fact-finding trips abroad. The calling cards Amelia took -- did you jot the numbers down anywhere? So, the thong stays in the closet, and I hit the big Ibiza website. It's time to see if any of the party people of europe know where Amelia Delongpre might be. So, my tax dollars at work. Where were you? Getting thirds at the "crazy girls" lunch buffet? They discontinued the buffet some health-code thing. Okay. My name is Cliff. I'll be your "if you cannot afford an attorney" attorney. So, what are you trying to prove? Um, my innocence? No, I mean with this poor-little-rich-boy stunt. Having me represent you doesn't make you look innocent. It makes you look like an arrogant jackass. If the witness' story holds, you are going to trial. Mm-hmm. The guy's lying. June 27th -- you gave testimony saying you couldn't remember a thing. Now, he comes forward saying he saw you, bloody knife in hand, ranting like a maniac over a dead body. And what exactly did I say, huh? "The -- expletive, racial expletive -- had it -- maternal expletive -- coming." But wait, there's more. You then threatened to use your father's money to have said witness killed. Now, true or not, Logan, the Echolls name won't buy you a lot of jury love. Not to men-- It's Cliff. Cliffy, I need a quick favor. No can do. I am right in the middle -- Cliff, come on. You owe me. I owe you? Who un-confiscated all your fake college I.Ds? Who got the Lincoln out of your ex's name? Well, who helped put that lien against "Lee's wok and doughnut"? And who proved that stripper was color-blind? Okay, who am I calling and what am I giving them? World Telecom. I texted you the number I need run. Nothing melts an operator's heart like an overwrought Fred Macmurray. You're a stud, Cliff. Right. Just... World Telecom. Hello? My... My daughter's disappeared. She left her husband and ran off with some wild girlfriend. I think they got into some kind of trouble, but I'm sure it's not her fault. The police said they were headed to mexico, but no one's seen them. I just need to know if she's okay. Please, could you tell me if she's used her card? What's the number, sir? Uh, 0922... 3346. Isn't that "Thelma & Louise"? Uh, yes. I have the information. Can you e-mail that? What's the address, sir? Vmars@aol.Com. Yes, certainly. Thank you. Good luck, sir. Bless you. That daughter of yours sounds like a real handful. This is what I'm good at. Marquee murder cases? Nah. Now, Lamb wants to keep you here, supposedly to ease community tensions, but really 'cause he's mean. Do the smart thing -- put daddy's money to work and get a real lawyer... or three. So Cliff comes through again, but the calling-card records aren't telling me anything I don't already know. Ibiza... Ibiza, Ibiza... Neptune? Last week? So, uh... when do I get my conjugal visit? It's up to your new roommate. Logan? What are you doing here? Come on, pops. Jail's where they put accused murderers. You remember that crap from the summer. Why are you here? They transferred me out of county this morning. I guess our sheriff has a soft spot for family, huh? Well... ...At least I know what it takes to get a visit out of you. Those special times with your emancipation paperwork don't really count. I just need a little time to work through how you bashed my girlfriend's skull in. Look, Logan... I made an unforgivable mistake, but I am not a murderer. Oh, so you merely plowed my girlfriend and taped it for your home collection. I don't expect any sympathy from you. That's good. You have no idea. You have no idea what actually happened that day. Pop, I have a pretty good idea. No, Keith Mars got it partly right. Yeah, okay, Lilly and I fought. I followed her home but not to hurt her. I swear to god. Duncan found us. He must have heard everything because he was furious. He was out of his mind. He was ranting and raving. So, Duncan killed Lilly? Wow. All I know is I got out. The next thing, it was all over the news. So you tried to kill another girl, also a girlfriend of mine. What, to maintain your innocence? I-I-I just snapped. Logan, I lost it. But... You don't believe me. Why should a jury believe me? Maybe my life is over. It may be. But you shouldn't throw yours away just to spite me. Come on, Logan. Let me help you. Let me call some guys down at the firm. They gave me a lawyer. A real lawyer, not some public servant with a mail-order diploma and a $300 suit. Two for $500, actually, but your point remains valid. You -- you got bail. Let's go. Bail? How? You said -- Judge Bloom and I shvitz at the same gym. I'll be billing you for a case of cohibas and a 4-handed thai massage. There's also the matter of a $200,000 bond. So, chip, how about you thank me by taking the old block's advice? Get a new lawyer. Well, you're kind of winning me over. Being a private eye is all about connecting the dots. Sometimes that's difficult. Sometimes it's not. When a girl goes missing after taking hush money from Kane Software, then unexpectedly reappears to use the pay phone across the street, there's only one person to talk to. Where have you been? Sorry, someone just called and said they were towing my car. What are you the head of again? This is it. I would have thought that helping your billionaire boss cover up his daughter's murder would have snagged you a better office... or at least a plaque. What are you doing here? I am looking for someone. Maybe you've seen her -- Amelia Delongpre. Why would you think I'd know anything about her whereabouts? Maybe because you're the person who bribed her to disappear. If you mean track her down at the motel where you hid her so she could sign paperwork for a legal settlement -- or maybe because she popped up last week to make a call from the pay phone across the street. Not to me. And what business is it of mine where she makes her phone calls? I have no further interest in Amelia Delongpre. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to work, and you have to get back to minding your own business. Or do I need to, uh -- No need to call yourself to escort me out. You know I know the drill. If you drink it, you get a shirt. Why do I want a seÑor shrimp shirt? It's a shrimp, and he's saying, "eat me." It's awesome. We got to go. Yeah, bro -- make sure you bring cigarettes and toilet paper, okay? You're talking about visiting your buddy Logan in jail, right? Uh, we were talking about seÑor shrimp. Well, you might want to drop in anyway, 'cause now they got a witness to your boy killing Felix, and they're going to hold him. Jail can be a scary place for such a sensitive boy. Wait. Did I miss a state proposition or something? Is it now a crime to kill a mexican? That guy needs an ass-kickin'! I think it would make him a better person. Hey, why the long face? Somebody rip down your J-Lo calendar? You didn't hear? Logan made bail in like two minutes. Walked out. Damn, man. You see? These white boys get away with everything. We should have done something about that guy months ago. Seriously, bro. People are saying stuff, man. What do you mean, "stuff"? I mean my little brother the other day asked me if it's true that P.C.H. stands for "Panty Club for Homos." Yeah. Heard it at school. Maybe it is time we did something about Logan Echolls. Hey. Hey. Ew. So, which is a better place chasers or seÑor shrimp? For what? Watching sorority girls stumble? M-bomb is getting us new fake I.Ds. He got him. I saw them.They're awesome. But I guess we're all from Rhode Island, so remember -- we're tourists. You disapprove. No, it's awesome. I just left something. I'll see you in class. Dawn, it's Veronica Mars. So, when you and Amelia went on the booze cruise last year, she was only 20. She must have had a fake I.D.? Her cousin. And what's her cousin's name? Margot Schnell. Bingo. Rented a car at the San Diego airport last week. Best thing about two days in jail -- two days worth of "Ellen" on the tivo, that sweet feeling. What's your address again? That's going to mess up your tivo. Hi. I'm hoping you can help me. Well, the good news is that's just what I'm here for. Looks like I totally got the right guy. Okay, here's my thing. My friend -- she rented the coolest car from you guys, and some of us were going up to see the Staind show, and I wanted to find out what it was so that I could rent one for us to road-trip. Okay. What's the name? Margot Schnell. "Margot" with a "t," Schnell is -- It means "fast" in german. Wow. You speak german? Jawohl. Okay. That's a Lesabre. What do they call that awesome color? It was... White? That's called white. Yup. Yeah, that particular car is rented right now, but I can get you a regal with moonroof in teal for $250 a week, not including tax and liability, which would be a great way to go and see Stain... "...D." "Staind." Oh, gosh, that is... more than I thought. Um...you wouldn't happen to have anything more like...$40. No. Oh. This routine used to be a tag-team number, but with Wallace still A.W.O.L., now it's a one-woman show. ...I'm here. I'm doubly here. There's two of me. I've got places to be. I want you to lock up and take care of all those files. You have to help me. What's the problem? Well, to begin with, my colleague is an unbearable nazi who couldn't find his own ass with a mirror and a miner's hat, kind of like that guy, you know? Long story short, I'm doing this big presentation, I'm about to crush him for the promotion, and I realized I left my laptop in the rental, and I'm totally screwed. You have to help me. Do you remember the car? It was a white Lesabre. I turned it in last week. Well, it's rented out now. I mean, it could be anywhere. You don't have a number, no... um...Onstar. Don't you have some sort of special button or something? We're not really supposed to do that. The world is not supposed to be totally unfair, either, but... this jackass can't win. Hi, I'm calling from San Diego. I'm trying to locate a car. Code is 92347. They're not getting a signal, which usually means they're in a garage. Is there anything? Has there been activity on -- oh, can you give me that? They did a remote unlock, which means they have gps coordinates. Okay, thank you very much. Okay. So, two days ago, they were right here. Waverly, California? Thank you so much. Please call if you know anything else. I hope your boss gets canned. Yours, too. So, what'd you find? I'm sorry. What? You brought up the bus. I want to know if your forensic guys found any evidence of an explosion. Look, Keith, when you called on tuesday night to concede -- I'm sorry I missed the call, by the way -- I figured you were conceding your involvement in this case. If I didn't turn over that voice mail Veronica found, that bus would still be on the bottom of the sea. Keith, we're on it. Maybe you should worry a little less about the bus and a little more about your daughter. What's that supposed to mean? She didn't tell you? And you two seemed so close. Tell me what? It was a couple weeks back. We had Veronica down to the station. Right, something about... her name written on a guy's hand, a guy who washed up on the beach. Forget it. She said it was nothing, so... you know kids these days. Okay, so now I know two things -- where Amelia was two days ago and why I've never heard of Waverly, California. Actually, there's no "o" in "naughty." It's "knotty," with a "k," like in pine. I-I-I-it'S...research. "Knotty school girls"? What will they think of next? You want a room? It's 30 bucks a night. Actually, I'm looking for someone. Well, if it's me, congratulations. Otherwise, unless you get lucky at the gas 'n' sip, your options are pretty limited around here. It's a friend. She probably passed through here in the last couple days. Have you seen her? Yeah. Yeah, she got a room a couple of days ago. Can I see the room she stayed in? Like I said... room's $30 a night. You've got millions of dollars, and you've been partying all across Europe. What brings you here? Hey, dad. Where are you? What? I'm -- Where are you right now? I'm... shopping in a funny little art gallery downtown. Show me. Dad, I don't know how I'm supposed to -- Take a picture, send it to me, then I'll relax. And when you come home, you can tell me about the dead guy on the beach. How could you keep this from me? I didn't want you to worry. About what? What did you find? The guy on the beach is David Moran, A.K.A. "Curly." He knew Aaron Echolls from way back. He knew how to make a bus crash. What do you mean? He was a stunt man on a movie called "The Long Haul." It was Aaron's first big hit. You really think -- I don't know. I don't know. But if it's true, if... Aaron is really trying to take out a witness, then that means all those kids died because of me. And trying to figure it out is the only thing keeping me from going insane crazy. Otherwise I'd just obsess about it 24 hours a day. Yeah. Yeah, I know the feeling. It's called being a parent. You send me that picture, and we'll talk when you get home. Is this what they imagined when they invented all this technology? A digital leash for a nervous parent? And speaking of technology, my bluetooth connection is detecting Amelia's palm pilot. "Maximum range, 30 feet." Sorry to interrupt the research. Is there anyone staying in the room past mine? Rooms...are...$30. Can I see the room this side of mine? I thought I told you to mind your own business. My father knows where I am and what I'm doing. He knows --I'm guessing that was her? Amelia? In the ice machine? Wait. I wasn't entirely up-front with you the other day. Amelia signed her papers and disappeared just like I said. I considered the matter settled until -- Until she made a call from the pay phone across the street. No, that was the second call to arrange for the pickup. The first call was to extort an additional quarter million from Kane Software. She wanted more money? She got three million bucks six months ago. I gave her the money -- marked bills -- under the condition that she disappear until the Kanes' legal issues were settled. But a week after she's supposed to be on the plane, marked bills started showing up here. So, you did find someone at the gas 'n' sip, and now you need a room? Was anyone else in here two nights ago? Did you see anyone with her? Why? Is he missing a friend, too? Answer the question, or I'll break all your fingers. J-just the guy she come in with. What? You didn't ask. What did he look like? Brown hair, medium size, t-shirt. Thank you. You're welcome. That description rings a bell? Yeah. I need you to take me to this person. What about -- no, I'll deal with the cops. I need a better handle on this before things go too public. Just two chairs? Where's my lawyer going to sit? Oh, it's an unofficial visit, just me and the guard who'll deny I was ever here. Ah. Well... in that case, I hope you won't mind carrying the conversation. Have it your way. You look good. What do you got going on? Some weights? A little cardio? Well, I got a lot of free time. I just got my psychology degree. And now I'm reading the russian masters -- Tolstoy, Turgenev... you know. So, did you come out here to talk self-improvement? I'm here because of my daughter. Oh, now that's funny. So am I. So, did you come here today to thank me, Keith? You know, for your 15 minutes? 'Cause if it wasn't for me, no one would have bought that hack book of yours. I guess you didn't come to thank me. Maybe -- maybe you just came here to gloat, hmm? No, that doesn't seem like you much, either. Why did you come here, Keith? Former employee of yours shows up dead, sabotaged school bus goes over a cliff, and I start to worry about Veronica's safety. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. You think I had something to do with the crash? Whoo. Whoo-hoo, you are priceless, Keith! You know, they give enough press, you'd find a way to put me on the grassy knoll. Truth is... I don't care if you're behind the crash or not. I just want you to know that if anything happens to my daughter in, say, the next... 70, 80 years, you're the one who's going to pay for it. Now, did you come all the way out here just to give me that tough-guy speech? No, I came all the way out here to show how easily I can get to you. So just... file that away. Hey, what's going on? What are you doing? You said you were going to ask him some questions. I'm going to ask you some yes or no questions. You understand? Do you understand?! Have you seen Amelia Delongpre in the last two weeks? Did you conspire with her to blackmail Kane Software? He doesn't know. If he falls, he's going to break his neck. Did you conspire with her to blackmail Kane Software? Did you kill Amelia Delongpre? Wow. Where'd you learn that interrogation technique? Harvard. That's a pretty convincing hysterical routine you got. Where'd you learn that? Watching cheerleading-tryout results. Do you think he did it? Nah. No one's that good a liar. Another sweet thing is I'm in constant video contact with Martha Stewart, right? It's kind of like a "Dick Tracy" kind of thing. What the hell is this, man? Esta...una... What is their word for "paper"? Uh, "papero"? Okay, I'll translate. Just don't tell the ESL teacher I helped you cheat. That's an eviction notice. You bought my grandmother's house? That's right. Su casa is mi casa. But in my defense, Weevil, I do need a new one. You might have heard my former domicile was, uh, burned quite unexpectedly. If you kick my family out -- have it your way -- we'll all live together in one big, wacky sitcom family. On second thought, I'm kicking you out. And on third thought, I wouldn't live in that roach motel if you put a gun to my -- hey! I was enjoying that. Not as much as I'm going to enjoy this. Teacher: Hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey! Break it up! Come on, guys. School is not the place for this kind of thing. You hear that? School is a place of learning. You might want to think about what prison is a place of. I usually digest a week like this with a little help from Wallace. I still do, but now the conversation is a bit flat and one-sided. "Dear wallace, me again, with the latest news you've been missing. Keith Mars loses sheriff's race by a nose. Logan echolls jailed for" -- Are you Veronica? Yes. I saw your post on the Ibiza forum. Is this the girl you're looking for? That's her, but actually, um... she's been found, but thanks -- tell me she's not still with her boyfriend. The guy next to her in the picture? Yeah. He seems cool, but I've never seen a guy lie right into your face and you'd never guess. Palm Tree Lodge. Hi, remember me? The blonde? Holy crap. You know the cops have just -- I know. I'm guessing you're on e-mail right now. What's your address? Nightman122@aol.Com. The guy in the white buick, the night the redhead was there. Is that him in the picture? Yeah, that's him, but he didn't have that beard thing and his hair was a lot shorter. Hi, it's me again. Amelia's boyfriend did he have a little beard thing right here? Yeah. Do you remember his name? Clarence Wiedman. The killer -- his name is Carlos Mercado. Good. Some of the marked bills showed up at caesars palace. Now we have a name and a place. All you need, but... he's a diplomat's son, Clarence. He'll be extradited to Argentina. That depends on what happens at the casino. What are you going to do? You know the drill, Veronica. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. So, I did what Abel Koontz asked. But how do you tell a dying man that the daughter he was looking for is gone, that the millions he sacrificed his own life to give her only led to her death? Excuse me, nurse. Abel Koontz -- how's he doing? A day or two, if he's lucky. Thank you. Answer -- you don't. She's trying to make it. They just had an early snow this year, so... she's just waiting for a helicopter. But she's happy? Yeah. Hoofing the Himalayas isn't exactly my idea of a good time, but... she seemed to love it. In a family full of well-intentioned lies, one more won't hurt. At least at the end of the day, I get to curl up with my adorable, honest boyfriend. It's the sweater, isn't it? Chicks can't resist argyle. Please let go of me. Ever the tease. What is he doing here? Oh, didn't you hear? I'm out a house. I live here now. Sorry I didn't tell you.