It was meant for me. He caught me completely of guard. We dated almost twenty years ago. He was crazy. Veronica, are you in immediate life threatening danger? At this precise moment? No. If she needs me, I'm gonna come through, just like she would for me. Where I'm from, the girl who you make out with is the one you do favors for. Who are you? I'm your father. I was just gonna come outside to grab you. Food is ready. I'm not hungry, mom. I just met somebody out in the driveway. Wallace, what's wrong? A guy from Chicago -- he said he knew you. Name Nathan woods ring a bell? Oh, Wallace. Is it true? - Baby -- - No, just tell me if it's true. You were never supposed to see that man. Is he still here? "That man"? You got to be kidding. Why don't you just call him what he really is? So, who did we put in the ground back in cleveland? Who was it I cried for all those months? That was your father. Oh yeah? 'cause I don't see how that works, having two fathers. Nathan woods and I got married when I was 21 years old. He was... a narcotics detective. He told me already. No, Wallace, that's how he started out. But then he went undercover on some case that he said would make his career. And soon, he got so deep into it, he had me fooled, unless coming home high was a part of the job, unless stashing heroin and guns under my bed was all in the line of duty. I hate that you had to find out like this. But if you are asking me who is your real father, that's Hank Fennel. What are you doing? I wanted to show you your birth certificate, but... I know wre it went. You know... that the day hank Fennel asked me to marry him was the day that he signed his name on that piece of paper, calling you his son. And that is who your father was. And that's who he still is. Can I guess? You got a sweet love hangover, and you don't need no cure. Can I have your attention, please? As you know, homecoming season is upon us. Much like the plague. Each homeroom will nominate one boy and one girl. The top five vote-getters from each class will comprise the royalty court. Homecoming king and queen will be announced at this friday's dance. Floor is open for nominations. Anyone? Anyone? You know, sometimes when I'm feeling, I don't know, glum, I like to get a little pirate love. Veronica. I'd like to nominate Wallace Fennel. Whoo-hoo! Go, Wallace! Yes, douglas. I'd like to nominate Veronica Mars. Like, ironically? Yeah, she's badass, smoking hot, and nice to come home to. Hmm, zippy the pinhead with a smashing idea. My ass would make a better homecoming queen. We should nominate Veronica. She deserves it. Remember when she helped me find my dog? She was totally nice to me, even though we barely knew each other. Plus, she found polly the parrot last year. Veronica Mars -- saving the world, one pointless act at a time. Veronica's so good at helping people. If you ever need any help, you should ask her. Uh, wait, wait, wait. Let me get this straight. No alcohol, no dimly lit corners, and I'm not allowed to freak, grind, and/or mosh? Uh, what's the allure of homecoming, again, besides a chance to wear pink taffeta and cheek shimmer? It's really all about the after party. The dance itself is more like a means to an end. Cora, I'm kidding -- I want it all -- the corsage, the photos under the balloon arch, the clandestine lovin' with my age-appropriate date... with the focusing problem. Hey! Dream weaver. Yeah, I'll be right back. Got to go talk to Veronica for a minute. I saw the most fantastic dress at miu miu last weekend. It was, like, made for you -- so perfect. So, your biological dad is like some sort of "donnie brasco" renegade cop? So, what's your bio-dad like? Shh! I don't know. He seems... whatever. Could you just keep this to yourself? I just need to figure things out before -- what, are you guys still planning my surprise party? Hi, Jackie. Bye, Veronica. I better go take care of that. You are aware that "blanketing the electorate" is, like, a figure of speech? What's that smell? A buddy of mine in sanitation called. One of his crews found those in a dumpster downtown. At least lamb has the sense not to use the dumpster behind the sheriff's department. Ahh. Look, Veronica... your father's campaign is riding on a gravy train with biscuit wheels. Woody's numbers guys just called to say I've got a 12-point lead. I don't need to roll around in the mud with lamb. In that case, it sounds like you don't need a photographer from the Neptune navigator who knows how to shoot your good side? I got nothing but good sides, baby. Your grandma wants me to remind you that you're a risk-taker, with an... "if it feels good, do it" approach to love. You're supercharged. You're wired. You're ready for action. That lady ought to know. She was married four times. I'm sorry, child. This card's been declined. Lip balm? It's a surge of lip-quenching fruit flavor. Wallace said I would find you here. I need to ask you something. I'm in some trouble. I didn't know who else to go to. Wallace said that you might help me. A long time ago, we used to be friends but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. come on, now, sugar bring it on, bring it on, yeah just remember me when we used to be friends a long time ago we used to be friends Saison 2 - Episode 5 "Blast from the past"</i> someone stole my credit card and maxed it out. So call the credit card company. They'll erase the charges. I've done that. It's not the bill I'm worried about. What are you worried about? My friend cora borrows my stuff all the time. It's like she doesn't have clothes of her own. And, well... I noticed my card was missing after I went shopping with her. Then I found it in my car, like someone had deliberately put it back. I don't want to just accuse her. So you want me to prove she did it? No. I want you to prove that she didn'T. She's the only friend that I have here. I... printed a list of the charges. $100 for lip enhancer at estée lauder, $1,200 for a leather jacket at nordstrom, $500 on vanilla-scented candles at tricky wicks? Yeah, she's a full-time resident at the galleria. I think she hit every store in the mall. Except for unicornucopia. Hmm. Any idea what this is? No. So, if you were gonna help me, where would you start? With the obvious. I'd figure out if cora had any of the things on the list. I'm here to pick up my papers. I'm talking about the personal documents that you stole from my house. I didn't steal, Alicia. Borrowed without my knowledge, accidentally dropped into your briefcase -- I don't care what you're calling it. I just want them back. Why didn't you just tell me your ex-husband was a cop? I was trying to protect my son. I was young and scared, and Nathan woods was scary, violent, and high. I don't doubt that what you did was for the best. I'm just suggesting it might have been wise to let Wallace know. You are giving me parenting advice? What is that supposed to mean? That means I protected Wallace's childhood. I didn't sell it out. I will not invite chaos into my house. Oh, come on, Alicia, you invited chaos! All you did was postpone it! Folks say papa never was much on thinkin' spent most of his time chasin' women and drinkin' mama, I'm dependin' on you to tell me the truth mama looked up with a tear in her eye and said, "son..." papa was a rolling stone wherever he laid his hat was his home and when he died all he left us was alone talked with your moms about me, huh? Don't worry. I'm not here to defend myself. Truth is, I barely remember those days. So how can I blame her for running out on me? So why are you here? What brought you to Neptune? You had almost 18 years to track me down. She never told you? Told me what? I did try -- for years, Wallace. It drove me crazy to think my son would grow up a stranger. Alicia's mom wouldn't tell me where she'd gone. She did promise to pass along these. Grandma always liked me, I guess. If it weren't for her, I never would have known Alicia was pregnant. Mom said she gave you a choice. She said, "your job or being a father." If she would have given me that choice, I would have chose you. The votes have been tallied, and the nominees for king are... Duncan Kane... Mark Fraser... Steve Vargo... Hank Ditten... And Wallace Fennel. Yeah! Go, Wallace! All right, man! How many kneecaps did you break to make that happen? Only, like, four. The people have spoken, my friend. Lucy franks... Josie Shelman... Emma Harris... Liz Levine... and Kate Riggs. Hmmm... well, there's always winter carnival. Veronica can be ice princess. Can we skate on her? I didn't hear your name called. Seems like a bit of an oversight. Talk about fashion police. I'm on a stakeout for a pair of enhanced lips, a $50 push-up bra, a vintage purse, and -- bling-O. Why buy the cow when you can score a $1,200 calfskin jacket on your friend's credit card? Oops! I'm so sorry! Oh, my god. I love this. You have amazing taste, cora. You -- you know who I am? Eighth-grade badminton partner? You never forget someone you've been in the foxhole with. I guess not. Anyway, thanks. I'm just a savvy shopper. Where did you get this? It's a secret. Okay, outlet mall outside of chatsworth. I'm going later to get my homecoming dress. Can I come? We can carpool, save a little money on gas. That's cool. I'll call you. Though I haven't really been asked to homecoming yet, have I? So, I was thinking -- you're an emancipated minor, I'm an emancipated minor. Maybe we should get together thursday night, chug cough syrup, mug some old ladies? Oh, golly, I don't know. I was thinking about staying home, making a hope quilt for the lonely. A little "hot shots"? Golf tourney? A little room service? You're on. So, she's got to be the thief, right? Well... let me just double-check before you accuse her of anything. But she'd have to be pretty thick to wear stolen merchandise to school. The girl's sweet, but she's not the brightest bulb on the bush. I should have a definitive answer for you by tomorrow. You know what else bugs me? Gang violence bugs me. Illegal immigration bugs me. Drug trafficking bugs me. Street-racing bugs me. But come election day, I am confident that the voters of balboa county will do what is best and put "the exterminator" back in office. Next question to you, Mr. Mars. We're all familiar with your role in the Lilly Kane murder case. Does the nature of that crime or the conditions of your recall color your feelings for Neptune? I love Neptune. I wouldn't be running if I didn't. But... what does -- to borrow a slogan -- "bug me" are the subtle changes in Neptune over the last few months. You mean violent crime dropping 11%? I'm talking about the growing sense of resentment, of friction, of polarization within our community. Well, nothing has been more divisive than the bus crash, and many feel that you were quick in attributing the accident to driver error, sheriff. On the subject of the bus crash, it's just come to light that back in '89, then-- deputy Mars pulled ed Doyle over for driving under the influence. He had simply decided to follow him home rather than follow procedure. Had a D.U.I. Appeared on his record, he would have never been hired by the school district. Mr. Mars, your response. I'm sorry. I'm n-- I'm not familiar with it. It's okay -- I have a copy of your patrol log if you need to jog your memory. This, I have the only car left in america without a cupholder, so now I end up with a caramel Latte rorschach test all over my blouse. - Thanks for letting me borrow something of yours. - No problem. Must find stolen goods. You know, the mall's in chatsworth. No one worth knowing is gonna see you. Oh. No, not that one. There's nothing you'd want to see in there. I love looking through your clothes. It's like the fashion equivalent of a skin mag. No, seriously, I don't -- oh... yeah. I so did not want you to see that. Isn't this... the oh, boyo pollo chicken. Yep. You know, if anyone finds out about this, I'm afraid I'll have to kill you. If I tell anyone, I won't blame you. Your dress is perfect. Duncan's gonna love it. Thanks. Outlet therapy is considerably better than retail therapy. Thanks for driving. Bye. Oh, boyo pollo? May I speak with the manager, please? Hi, this is may hadwell. I'm the vocational ed coordinator at Neptune high. I need to verify some work hours for cora briggs. She worked sunday, as well? Until what time? I see. Thank you. Jackie, it's Veronica. There's no way cora could have stolen your card. We're back to square one. Thanks, Carl. Mm-hmm. It's weird that you live here. I don't want you going all howard hughes-y on me. I am not a shut-in. These nails -- neatly trimmed. Though, now that you mention it, I have started bottling my own urine. Ew. Hey! What do you say we invite some people over here for an after party? After party? After what? The homecoming dance? The thing after the big game? Oh... tell me more of this thing you call "homecoming." I haven't asked you yet. Mnh-mnh. I'm such a dope. Well, of course I want you to go with me. You're my woman. See? Was that so hard? Okay. I'll be needing an orchid wristlet -- preferably in the fuchsia family -- a rolls-royce limo, and some Kane software stationery. Seriously? Stationery? What for? You're here for your looks. Why don't you leave the heavy thinking to me, sugarpants? Now go make yourself pretty. "After surrendering an early lead, "former sheriff keith Mars is now in a statistical dead heat with the incumbent." What do your number guys have to say about that? Criminy. What kind of bug is that? You worry about the election. I'll worry about my bio project. What are those? Don't you know? It looks an awful lot like your handwriting. "Return to sender." Hmm. Maybe we should just see what dad has to say. It's better late than never, right? No, Wallace, no! What were you thinking, mom? That he was so strung out, he'd O.D. And just forget about me? I'm still your mother, and I told you to stay away from him, and I expect you to listen to me! You told me you gave him a choice. You lied. She made my dad out to be some kind of a psychopath just to cover her tracks. If he's so nuts, how'd he manage to stick with the Chicago P.D. all these years? If he was a cop, how did it take him all these years to track you down? Your mom is right, Wallace. He had his chance, and he passed it up. Take it from someone who knows. The one who sticks with you is the one who cares. Sorry to interrupt. Check this out. Jake Kane sent a vote of support all the way from aspen. "Dear exterminator, knock 'em dead on election day." Got those guys in interrogation. The two goons you picked up in cliffside? You're not gonna believe the story they're trying to sell. Consolidated elemental industries, 5003 james -- the first place where someone used Jackie's card. Yeah, when I think of elemental industries, I think of palm readings. I'll be out in a minute. Vanilla-scented candles... $500 worth, perhaps? Purchased at... ...tricky wicks. It just doesn't make much sense. How would she have gotten your card? Although I guess it's possible that cora and the psychic were in this together. I know how madam sophie got the card. She got it from me. You see a psychic? My grandma died two years ago, and even a person pretending to be grandma telling me everything's gonna be all right gives me comfort. Shh. It's my secret shame. I'm sure you've got one. Remember mamma-max? The stuff from the infomercial, the cream that you rub on your chest? Mm-hmm. In my defense, I was a freshman. I've got it. I know how to get even. I'm going on her show. She has a show? You tivo a community access show? Everyone at Neptune high watches it. Welcome, everyone. Someone special is trying to reach you... a friend who passed before her time. Do you know who that might be? I think I do. My friend rhonda... she was on the bus. And suddenly I have a new life's mission -- destroy madam sophie. Dad, you remember Veronica Mars. We met at shark field. Right -- promised you wouldn't wash that hand. I haven'T. People are starting to complain. What did the sheriff want? He wanted me to emcee the department's charity ball. You're kidding. Wish I was. It was nice seeing you. Before I left her place, Jackie and I came up with a plan to get even with madam sophie. Since she already knew Jackie, I would go on madam sophie's show and expose her as a fraud. Terrence Cook's mention of his visit with the sheriff reminded me -- maybe it's time to check in on Neptune's finest dirty politician himself. You have to make a report on your own, sweetheart. Thank you. Mr. Cook. Good to see you,heriff. I was thinking that you might be interested in buying some tickets to our annual fundraiser. They're 10 bucks a pop. You asked me to come all the way down here just to hit me up for a donation? I like to get to know our more notable residents -- business leaders, hollywood types, all-star athletes -- personally. Put me down for two. It was real nice to meet you. Actually, I was thinking you might purchase more like 1,000 tickets. Oh, and if you could emcee the bachelor auction, that would be great. That's a lot of money, sheriff. Yeah, that's $10,000... if my math's correct. Hey, it's not $3 million. Now, that is real money. I mean, that's the kind of money that certain people take very, very seriously. Gambling debt like that, and they might send some guys down to your nice new cliffside house to remind you payment's due. What are you getting at, sheriff? Pretty sure I just got to it, slugger. I never bet on baseball. I got a guy in a holding cell back there. Says you did favors for gentlemen who bet extensively... on baseball. Hmm. We both have something in common. We'd both like to see you make it into the hall of fame. Say it ain't so, terrence. Do you mind if I sit here? Michele, right? I saw you on tv -- "answers from angels." That was pretty amazing. Oh, it so was. The reason I wanted to talk -- I'm thinking about going on the show, and... what exactly did they have you do when you got there? Did someone from the show ask you who you wanted to communicate with? Oh. No. No, not at all. So nobody there knew about rhonda? Well, there was this one lady backstage, this other audience member, and we got to talking. What did she look like? Crazy. Big hair... rhinestone glasses. Why? Details just flesh out a story. Before madam sophie contacted rhonda and let me know she wasn't angry at me for not picking up, I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep. Not picking up? Rhonda called me from the bus. I was... painting my nails... and I let it go to voice mail. You have a message from when the bus went over? Do you still have it? Please, don't tell anyone I have this, Veronica. I wouldn't want them to... ...You know? You have one saved message. Michele, why aren't you picking up, you big loser? I can't believe you bailed on that field trip without telling me. Hey, about next weekend -- Oh, god! To delete message, press 7. To forward message, press 8. For more options... hey, are you okay? Yeah. Sure you want to do this? Does a bear wear a funny hat? You know, this visit's all about mending fences, building bridges, and I'm afraid that my waxing your ass just isn't gonna help. Ooh-hoo! You talk it. Let's see you walk it. Roger that one. You'll see, honey. You're gonna do just fine at those baton-twirling tryouts. Apparently, the dead are looking out for the shallow. I, on the other hand, am here for emotional guidance from dead-before-his-time uncle roger, who I gushed about ad nauseam to crazy big-haired lady with the rhinestone glasses. Someone is looking for an "R." He was...special to you, took you places... made things for you. That's my uncle roger. That's it, lady -- dig your own grave. Wait -- I am receiving another voice... a young woman. I see...the letter "L." She is holding out a flower, A... lily. Lilly? She has a message for you. She says... you should have stayed away from her boyfriend. Wait. Wait, she has something else to tell us. This can't be happening. Something about... infomercials? She says to be happy with your own body. You...don't... need the... mamma-max... ...Veronica. I was thinking that you might be interested in buying some tickets to our annual fundraiser. They're 10 bucks a pop. Put me down for two. It was real nice to meet you. Actually, I was thinking you might purchase More like 1,000 -- Chesty larue. Hey, Duncan. I'm fine. I'm slathering up my boobs as we speak. Can I call you back? Okay. Hey, do you know who's deejaying in between sets tomorrow? Corny? Perfect. No, I just have a special request. Okay. Bye. You okay, Veronica? Compared to how your girlfriend's gonna be feeling, fan-friggin'-tastic. I hope she really got a kick out of tonight's performance. What are you talking about? She was worried for you. If by "worried," you mean enjoying the fruits of her evil labor, yeah. What? What makes you think -- the boob-cream thing. She used to be the only person alive who knew about that. It's time to pick a side, Wallace. No, Veronica. How about you doing me a favor for once? I'm sure she didn't do it. But if she did, I'm asking you to let it go. You know I can't do that. Why does it have to be about you all the time?! Look, Jackie's right about one thing. It's your world. I just live in it. I'm asking you for a favor, Veronica. Let it go. Don't do whatever it is you're gonna do. Have you been paying any attention lately? I just learned my whole life is a lie. My dad isn't my dad. I've always been a shoulder you could lean on. You've given me no time, no sympathy -- nothing. Wallace. I want to clarify something. Did you set up Veronica? It was supposed to be funny -- a punking, that's all. You humiliated my best friend on tv. Wallace... look, I feel terrible. I just wanted to take her down a peg for tattling on me for having coffee with dave, for being the person that my boyfriend confides in, for supposedly being this legendary badass. You have no idea what she's been through. I swear, that psychic came up with the Lilly stuff on her own. I only told her about the mamma-max. I screwed up, okay? Just let me make it up to you at the dance. I'm only going to the homecoming dance because of that stupid election. I'm not going with you. You look beautiful. There's something I need you to hear. If it's "live at budokan," I already discovered it. It's a voice mail from one of the students who died in the crash. She called just as the bus went over. You have one saved message. Michele, why aren't you picking up, you big loser? I can't believe you bailed on that field trip without telling me. Hey, about next weekend -- Oh, god! To delete message, press 7. To forward mess-- Did you hear it? An explosion. Before the bus hit the railing. The bus was sabotaged. That means ed Doyle had nothing to do with the crash, and there's still time before the election to -- No. I'm not gonna leverage the deaths of seven people just to win an election. There are people who think this crash is your fault. Let them think that... at least for now, Veronica. If that sound is an explosion, not only were those kids murdered, but the guilty party is still at large. That evidence can't go public if we want this investigation to stay ahead of the -- what investigation? You think lamb is gonna solve this? The only way the killer gets put away is if you win the election. Honey, you have a gentleman caller. You got the emphasis on the "gentleman" part, right? I did. Don't wait up. Tell Wallace I'm pulling for him. Hmm. Not feeling the Mars family love. Tough crowd. Oh, come on, it's like rooting for the yankees. Hey, do you want this, Veronica? Your cd? Um... no. Come on. Boy, you won't be sleeping no sleep tonight do I have to spell it out in black and white? Boy, you won't be sleeping no sleep tonight I've been lying here for like a million years in my bed get up, get up, get up You look gorgeous tonight. Shut up, shut up, shut up everybody says I should be moving on everybody knows I'm still waiting no freakin' way. I don't care whatever it takes to be... Jackie? ...with you. Jackie, if you want to lock horns with me, duck and charge. If you think I'm gonna let you break Wallace's heart for sport, you have grossly underestimated my wrath. God, Veronica, what is your problem? You really can't make up your mind, can you? Just...pick... one of them! God, how many guys here do you expect to want only you? So, where's the after party? Give up, give up, give up Hey. He'll be all right. All right, what's so important, keith? It's about the crash. 'Course it is. Looking for another book deal? Veronica found a recording -- a voice mail from one of the victims left at the precise moment of the accident. Now, there's a noise. It sounds like an explosion. Maybe ed Doyle decided to blow his brains out on the way down. Damn it, Lamb, just send it to the acoustics lab and let them decide. Are you trying to tell me that this has nothing to do with clearing yourself? Nothing to do with winning this election? This is about finding out what happened on that school bus. If I wanted to hang you out to dry, I would have brought that evidence straight to the local news station. And you are so making me wonder why I didn't. Is that you and the governor? Governor? Some marlin I hooked down in cabo last year. Is your eyesight starting to fail? Hello? Alicia. I was just working up the courage to call you, just to say how sorry -- No, no. When did you see him last? Dad, where have you been? You were out all night? Wallace didn't come home after the dance. Honey... I need to know if you saw him last night. you got Wallace. leave a message. I screwed up, Wallace. I didn't mean to let you down. I just...