I’ve got a secret, a good one. Duncan, what happened? Where’s Lilly? But you already know how this part of the story ends. The murder of Lilly Kane. And Your dad’s out tracking down bail jumpers half the time… …and yet somehow all the cases that come in here still get handled. How is that? We’re efficient. Another big Friday night. You got plans? - I don’t know. I might take Backup for a run or rent a movie maybe. - Congratulations. You’re officially Neptune High’s most boring person. - Did I mention the movie might be PG -13? Ow! Jump back wild child. - What about you Wallace? Your life still a non -stop Nelly video? - Hey, at least I want my life to be a non - stop Nelly video. - What do you propose? This. I found this on the floor in gym. - You want to crash an 09er party? Maybe. I don’t know what an 09er is. - It’s someone who lives in the prestigious 90909 zip code. - Look. You can’t even tell who’s put on it. You don’t know when it starts, where it is or nothing. - That’s ‘cause it’s all in code. The moon tells you it starts when it gets dark… - …the hourglass indicates sand which means it’s the beach, the Ks and the 9s tell you it’s more specifically Dog Beach. And the little eggs? - Friday. It’s in code so undesirables, which by the way is you and me, don’t show up. How do you know all this? - ‘Cause I used to be one of them. - What do you say, dog? You ready to get this party started? You ready to burn this mother down. Up, jump… the boogie. - My plan? And I haven’t worked this out entirely yet so bear with me, was to raise the roof. See that is so you man, Mr Old School. - Me Old School? You’re the one who wanted to come down and get jiggy wid’ it. - So, uh, wanna go meet the locals or what? - As long as they’re humble, god -fearing, salt of the earth types. Everybody say When you hear the call you got to get it under way Word up It’s the call, word No matter where you say it You know that you’ll be heard… - Hey, who’s your date, man. - It’s Troy Vandergraf. His father’s the architect who built the County Museum. Troy, this is Logan. I guess you already know Caitlin. - So aren’t you supposed to be going back east for school? - Change of plans. The parents decided they were going to be staying in So Cal so I am enrolling here on Monday. - So how’s the party doing, man? - Whoa, huh. Like this? Just like this. What? Time for S’Mores? - This is the good stuff. Ymmm. Is this imported? This is a private party, man. - Oh, oh, is it? I-I-I’m sorry. I must have been confused. Hey, I-let me ask you something. Have I ever asked if you if I - Am I supposed to apologise? Am I supposed to shake in my boots? - Look around you, man. It ain’t 15 on four tonight. Hey Caitlin. Baby you’ve been to my house a bunch, right? - It’s nice, right? It’s clean, well kept… - Yeah. Do you wanna know why? It’s because Weevil’s grandma keeps it that way. She - she is a good little worker, your grandma, yeah, spick and span. - Yeah. It’s a tough job, you know. Grandma says you go through a box of tissue a day. Your room alone. Well, what can I say? She’s a very sexy lady. Thank you. - This is the Sheriff’s Department. I want your ID’s out. Everyone remain where you are. - No. Let’s get out, get the kegs. Tell the guys cook -out at my place tomorrow night. Yeah, uh-huh, yeah. Stay right there, stay right there. - Move your ass little man, come on. I'm losing. - Sheriff’s Department. Open up. - Don’t worry about it Grandma, we’ll handle it, all right? - Go in. Boys. Letitia Navarro, I got a warrant for your arrest. You need to come with us. - Oh, come on. What’s you problem, officer. If you want me, be a man about it, bro. Credit card fraud. - Credit ca -? She doesn’t even have any credit cards, man! Not in her own name, no. But somebody took credit card offers out of the Echolls family trash. They opened up accounts. They rang up charges You heard anything about that? Hey! Nah, I didn’t think so. ‘Cause it would take a major league loser to let a sweet old lady like that do his time for him. - Listen to this list of charges to the card – half dozen video games, limo rides, Magic Mountain tickets, motorcycle gear. It goes It’s gotta be the kid, Eli Navarro. What do they call him? Weevil. - Oh, clearly it’s Weevil. Lamb doesn’t even believe it’s Mrs Navarro but the PO Box where the merchandise was sent was in her name plus she was wearing a diamond pendant purchased with one of the phoney cards. Lamb could have set Weevil up, he hates him you know. - Honey, I started picking up Eli Navarro when he was 12. He just helped me out of a jam recently, that’s all. - Look, I’m sure he’s a real mensch but I’ve got a grandma in jail and I’d really like to get her out. - We’ll dive in, thanks Cliff Honey, he goes to your school. You mind taking point on this for a few days at least. I’m working on something. I’ll see what I can find. The trouble with befriending the leader of a motorcycle gang is that at the end of the day, he’s still the leader of a motorcycle gang. And as much as I’d like to believe differently, I doubt it’s his grandmother who’s buying video games and paying for new motorcycle paint jobs. I’ve hospitalised people for less than what you’re doing right now. What? Admiring your paint job? - No, what you’re doing and admiring my paint job isn’t it. - I’m just following up on a few things for the lawyer who’s representing your grandma. - Yeah, I met the guy. He says I should confess. Do you think you will? - I’ve got nothing to say to you, man. - I’m just saying with your reputation, you can’t blame McCormack for thinking that - - My reputation? Oh well then I guess what everybody says about you is true too, huh? That you, you like it a little freaky, don’t you. That you spy on Duncan Kane. That you send him pictures of yourself. Be honest Veronica. You think you’re this big outsider but, push comes to shove, you’re still one of them. You still think like one of them. Take off. I don’t want you around here. Hace mucho tiempo solíamos ser amigos Pero últimamente no he pensado nada en ti Vamos dulzura ! Muéstrame lo que tienes! Muéstrame lo que tienes! Sí!!!</i> Acuérdate de cuando... Solíamos ser amigos. Hace mucho tiempo...</i> Solíamos ser amigos Verónica Mars 1ª temporada Episodio 2º "Dar crédito a quien lo merece"</b></i> - Are you gonna wear that cap inside? At the table? Do you think I’m offending someone? In here? Simple etiquette, that’s all. Ahhhh, if it isn’t my predecessor and mentor. How’s the dirty picture biz, boss? - Looks like it’s better than being Sheriff, actually. Yeah, you got a killer on the loose, Lamb. In a daring daylight escape, Ray Lee Hampstead, denied bail earlier this week after his arrest for manslaughter, broke out the back windshield of a Balboa County’s Sheriff’s Department cruiser and fled on foot. Meeks and Johnson lost him. I think those are two guys you hired. You hear that, honey? That’s leadership. Way to stand up on your own two feet, Lamb and say, hey, the buck stoooops there. You know what’s coming up October 3rd. Are you doing anything special to mark the one year anniversary of Lilly Kane’s murder? Got it. Dress like a Sheriff and crucify some poor, grieving father, just for old time’s sake, you know? - Tell me again how you solved the crime of the century. Now wait a minute, I remember, I remember. An anonymous tip leads you to the supposed killer’s houseboat. Did anybody show up to collect the $100,000 reward for that information? Do’ya find that strange? - No. What about your theory? Jake Kane murders his own daughter. We’ve got an eyewitness and phone records that have him nowhere near the house. And all the Kanes in fact were accounted for at the time of the murder. Hmm, what’s that? Nothing to say to that, right? Sacks, we got our order ready? - Good luck with that fugitive Don. - Smell ya, later. Smell ya later? - I gotta run. The counsellor wants to see me before class. About what? - Uh, my schedule and my attitude, not necessarily in that order. Her words. - Giv’us a smile, luv. - Oh hey. I signed up for diving but there were only like four people in class so they cancelled it, stuck me in here. So don’t you mess with me, all right? I’m an Office Aide. - That’s great! Yeah, for who? - For me. I need you to copy all of Weevil’s attendance records from this past month and get them to me. Do I look like James Bond to you? - Am I asking you to retrieve a nuclear warhead? No. Just copy the attendance records. It’s cake. Facile. - …why don’t you bring the caption down. See how it works.</i> - Can I help you with something? - Ah, yeah. The counsellor stuck me in here. She says I’m disconnected and passionless. - Miss Dent? Caitlin? - I’m gonna go down to the gym to talk to people for the student poll. - Be back by the end of the period. And remember that we are a multicultural school with a diverse population of students from a wide range of socio - economic backgrounds. Meaning? Meaning don’t just interview your friends. So Veronica, welcome to newspaper class. - I was thinking maybe I could just take pictures? - Well I’m not sure if you can just do that but we can start you there. Do you have any experience with a camera? - This is a 35mm camera. Now my suggestion is you’re starting out is just to set it on auto and that way you - I’d really be more comfortable if I could just use my own camera Um, the swivel LCD really comes in handy when you’re doing overhead shooting or ground level macro - shooting. - The optical zoom actually goes up to 71.2mm and it's good to have the raw file option because you can mess with the images post -exposure without nearly the loss of image quality you’d get with a JPEG file. - And… when it’s dark outside, you should - you should use a flash. I have your first assignment. Are you free after school tomorrow? I guess. We’re doing a feature on Bodie Chang, you know him? - Surfer. Up until 20 minutes ago, I was in study hall with him. - That’s the guy. So he’s winning all these competitions. He’s got another one up at Gold Coast. Let me introduce you to the guy who’s doing the story. Duncan Kane, this is Veronica. Veronica’s going to be taking pictures tomorrow and I arranged for you to ride with Bodie’s parents. I’ll drive. - Great, maybe Veronica can - I can drive too. OK. Oil crisis be damned. - Look at this. Half of these credit card purchases are online orders and the ones that were made on school days were made between 11am and 12pm. That’s 4th period. - Yeah, you realise don’t you that this guy you’re trying to help out, duct taped me butt naked to a flagpole just last week. Man, you really hold a grudge. - Yeah, I’m funny that way. Hey you’re welcome for those records. - Wallace, King Kong ain’t got nothin’ on you. How you know . - But think about this. How can a guy who according to these records was in autoshop seven of the eight days these purchases were made manage to make on - line orders. - Aren’t you supposed to be trying to prove he did it? So you can get his grandma out of jail. - But it’s impossible. There’s no internet connection in autoshop. - It can’t be hard for him to just slip out of there. Seven times? - Yeah but his arraignment isn’t until Monday. I don’t think he did it. Who didn’t do what? - Weevil. Listen, I was looking through the attendance records at school and I just don’t think it’s possible - Veronica. - Cliff’s just got back from the courthouse. - They released Letty Navarro a couple of hours ago. That’s great. - They released her because Eli ‘Weevil’ Navarro came in and confessed to the crime. - No seriously, how difficult is it to find good help these days. - We had to let her go. If you can’t trust your domestics, you don’t feel safe in your own home. - Did you guys know that 90% of all identity theft is committed by relatives of the victim? That’s an interesting fact. At least I think so. - But you know what? No one cares what you think Veronica Mars. Not any more. Not since you stabbed all your friends in the back. - Tell the truth Veronica. Did you just sign up for newspaper so you could be around Duncan. - No. I’m here so I can be closer to you. In fact they’re thinking of putting me in your 4th period government class. - We’ve got computer lab 4th period. Oh shoot. My loss. - I printed out the entire browser history from Logan Echolls' computer in his 4th period computer lab class. So, is he guilty? - Well of wanting desperately to see pictures of Alyssa Milano naked, yes. But of making bogus credit card charges, I don’t think so. Wait, the Neptune Grand. Logan visited the Neptune Grand Hotel website. He didn’t make reservations online but… - But there’s a charge on the credit card for the honeymoon suite. Bummer Flat? Just as God made me. - Are you always this Persnickety ? - Sometimes I’m even persnickity - er. I’m supposed to be taking surf competition photos in Gold Coast in 30 minutes and this is my second mysterious flat since school started. - Well here, I mean, let me help you. I’m Troy, by the way. I’m Veronica. - Really. Veronica. OK, yeah, that -that does make a lot more sense. M-makes more sense how? - Aaa, it’s nothing. I just, uh, should never listen to those guys. I mean really, who names a daughter Trampy McBitch. - Nice ride. - Hey munch, how ya’ doin’? - Bien - Two miles on there. I know. It’s new. - It’s cool. Been round school all day? - What’s Troy doing talking to Veronica? What do you care? I don’t, I just… Has anyone told him? - Hey Veronica, you need a ride? If we don’t go now, we’ll miss it. - Go ahead. I’ll finish this up and throw the tools in the trunk. Chivalry not dead. Good to know. I’m right over here. I should have walked to Gold Coast. It’s only 30 miles but with the awkward silence, it feels like 300. In five seconds, I’m just going to do the Charlie’s Angel roll right out of the moving car. Five… four… three- - Lilly loved this song. - Why’d you join Pep Squad, Veronica? Umm, the PE credit. You? - Veronica, I suffer from too much pep. I needed a pep outlet. Plus Sassy says girls who join a club really get the fellas. ‘Cause you really need a lot of help on that front. - Well, you know what my mom says. You have to kiss a few toads… That’s it. That’s her entire philosophy. - All your mom ever says to me is: Veronica, shouldn’t you be getting home soon? - That sounds like her. Why does she hate me? - Um, it’s not your fault. She would hate anyone she thought that Duncan might love as much as her. Friendly advice. Watch her. She’ll break the two of you up if she can. - Licence and registration. Can I have the two of you step out of the car. - Got an impound notice on this vehicle. Bunch of parking tickets and a moving violation dated October 3rd. - They want to impound the car. Guess there were a bunch of tickets. No. Not mine. Lilly’s. - Just outside of town on the PCH. About a mile from the Real Inn. It’s a long story. I’ll tell you when you get here. - Pull it round the front. Officer! Officer, ah, have you called this into the Sheriff? - Aah, no sir. We generally don’t call in routine traffic violations. - Well, all right, why don’t you give him a shout. Duncan? Did you get everything out of - Hello, Veronica. The last time my dad and Jake Kane were in the same place at the same time, was in a Sheriff’s Department interrogation room. When Jake finished his story, Dad told the most powerful man in town that he was sure he was somehow involved in his own daughter’s death. Jake went to the press, the adoring press, tears in his eyes and told the world how much he missed his baby and how he was wrongfully accused. The fine people of Neptune gathered their pitchforks and torches, stormed the County Commissioner’s Office and ran Dad out of office. My friends got on the bandwagon as well. They gave me a choice. I could stand by my dad or stand by Duncan and my dead best friend’s family. I chose Dad. It’s a decision I live with every day. And you want to know the kicker? I don’t even know what’s true anymore. Maybe everyone else is right. Maybe Dad screwed up the investigation. Maybe I gave up my circle of friends, my life over an error in Dad’s judgement. - Hold on, we’re not going to move the car, okay. So sorry Mr Kane, I had no idea. - So? What’s up? You and Duncan starting to hang out again? Yeah, I’ll tell you the details of my personal life if you tell me why you went after Jake Kane when to everyone else he was a heart-broken father. - No. School assignment, that’s all. Can we stop by the Neptune Grand? - Isn’t that already solved? I thought that they had the confessed criminal in jail. Oh, all right. Fine. What do you need me to do? - Excuse me. We need to talk to somebody in security right now. Right now! Dad! Will you just back off and let me handle it? - You handle it or I handle it but we’re gonna get to the bottom of this, right now. - No! You just stand over there. You’re scaring people. Hi. I’m really hoping you can help me with this. - I came in here about a month ago with a guy… Long story short, I’m pregnant. - Um, here’s the thing. The next part’s a little embarrassing. I don’t remember the guy’s name. Or what he looks like. Tequilla? Never again My dad’s wondering if there’s any sort of surveillance video we could take a look at or… Here’s the credit card bill. He had me pay for the room. - You were a little bit over the top. - You think it worked? A little bit. I can bring it down. You try it. You try being bad cop. - I’m sorry but we only keep video surveillance for two weeks but I did get your detailed bill summary. - Oh, thanks. Guess who signed for room service in a room charged to the Echolls family credit card? - Logan’s girlfriend, Caitlin Ford. I know it was you. - You stole your mom’s credit cards but you made a mistake when you went to the Hotel Neptune Grand ‘cause you let Caitlin sign for the room service tab. - Pretty cool, huh? Wanted man, coming through. I believe you misplaced this. - Tommy, go on, get him to holding. - You don’t think we should alert the media, I mean take some pictures. I thought that was standard operating procedure here now. Hi, Inga. How are Trixie and Bud? - Trixie just had puppies. There’s still one left. - Now do you plan on cutting the reward cheque personally or should I talk to Cathy down in accounts payable? Shall I follow you? - That’s so typical. - How’s that spare tire holding out? Aah. There it is, the quid pro quo. - Hey, this great nation of ours was built on quid pro quo. I am having a party on Saturday and you should come. Well, both of you. - Haven’t you heard? I’m not allowed in the first class cabin. - Look. Uh, I don’t believe in much but I do believe in this. When sexy, sassy girls can’t come to a shindig of mine, it’s time for all parties involved to stand up and just admit that, hey, maybe I was a little bit wrong or sorry. I mean let bygones be bygones, screw pride. Let’s dance baby, let’s dance. - That was beautiful, man. We’ll see. An open mind. That’s all I ask. Is it that easy? Saying maybe I was wrong and get my old life back? - Where you off to, superfly? I’m gonna nail that sucker. And this kid Troy, how long have you known him? - Oh, a few years. His family has the slip next to ours down at the marina. They usually come in August. Stay the month. They move around a lot. You know, wherever his dad has a project. Hey, I’m going to get a burrito. Want something? - Well you are in charge of your girlfriend’s purse. - Yeah, hi. Uh, this number appeared on my cell phone bill and I don’t recognise it. Can you tell me who this is? - Baby? Hello? Baby? Ah, you want to play the silent game. Alright, baby, later we’ll play a tickle game if you want. - That’s cool baby, I’ll just talk. I know you like it. I miss you mama. I can’t wait to see you. - Confess, it’s good for the soul. - Moron says what. - You’re busted, Chardo, do I have to spell it out for you? Yeah, why don’t you? - All right. So one day, you go to pick up your grandma at the Echolls house and she asks you to take out a bag of trash and there they are in front of you, virgin, high- limit, pre-approved credit card applications. Just phone in the confirmation code and start spending. Then you use Logan Echolls’ family’s credit cards to take out Caitlin Ford in the manner to which she’s accustomed. Gourmet meals, five star hotels, limo rides. But the best part about it… is that your cousin Weevil takes the fall for you. So you’re promoted. - I didn’t want that to happen. Weevil’s like my brother. - You know what? It’s killing me, okay? But you see, I got a plan. I’m all ears. - Caitlin and me. We’re gonna run away. We are and once we’re gone, then I’ll write a confession, I’ll send it back. They gotta let Weevil go then. - Chardo? Caitlin Ford is never gonna run away with you. You don’t know her. - Oh, I know her. She’s a thrill seeker. Doing you was like doing the do and that’s all it was. You can’t go out there because Logan knows and he wants your head on a stick. I ain’t hiding, am I? - What are you going to do when Weevil finds out? - How’s Weevil gonna find out. You should turn yourself in. I ain’t going nowhere without her. Caitlin and me, we love each other. - So tell me why every time I see her, Logan Echolls has his hands all over her. - I don’t understand why you’re doing it. You know that Chardo gave you that pendant but you’re letting Weevil do the time for him? - Eli is still 17. Chardo is 18 and he’s got a record. They’d send him to prison. Weevil can do four months of juvie. - Weevil thinks he’s taking the fall for you. I have dinner to fix. - Do you know what he was doing with those credit cards? He spent all that money, thousands of dollars, taking out a spoiled, rich, white girl. Logan Echolls’ girlfriend. You must have met her. Caitlin Ford? Iee no, not her. Huh! She doesn’t like her ice cubes made with tap water. - You lost your job and now Weevil’s doing time so that Chardo can take this girl out in style. Let me see those receipts. - Veronica Mars, I hear you’re to thank for this Kodak moment. Didn’t you get the memo? The bad guy was already in jail. Gimme some love. - Eho, I wanna make you something to eat. - You should know. The judge issued a warrant for Chardo after authorising your release. They’re out looking for him. - Logan and the 09er’s are after Chardo too. You should find him before they do. - Baby, it’s me. I’m outside. This is it. It’s time to go, it’s what we talked about. Caitlin! Look outside your window. I’m here. What’s wrong, baby? - Well. If it isn’t the bad apple thinking he can steal my girl. I already stole your girlfriend. You’re just too dumb to know it. Check it out man. Sweet music, huh? - - Hold him. Don’t move. - Well, I guess this is what they call inevitable, huh? Hey look, you even got home court advantage. Let’s talk. - What’s up with that, man. - - Let him go. - I said let him go. - You’re the man, you know what I’m saying. You were there for me. I like that. I appreciate it, you know what I’m saying. Most of all to you man. I’m sorry you had to take the fall. I was gonna get you out. You and me, we’re brothers. You’re out. Out of the club. Out of my life. And you know what that means. - Weevil, come on! Cous! Hey, let me make it up to you. Eli! Eli! - Pull them off before they go too far. You got it boss. Dad? - Yeah, honey. - What made you go after Jake Kane? What makes you ask? - Other than that question defines our very existence? I think if I knew more about the case and the evidence… - Honey, it’s ugly. I want thoughts of Lilly’s death out of your head. I don’t wanna pour more into it. I can handle it. - Let’s look at it this way. If I knew what would happen to us, that your mom would leave, that school would get tougher for you, I never would have pursued Jake Kane the way I did. I still wanna know. I know you do. Let’s go home. A couple of weeks before Lilly was murdered and Dad was still Sheriff, she and I snuck into the backroom and made ourselves fake IDs so we could get into clubs. I had them sent to my house. The arrived days after her body was discovered. I stuck them in a drawer and forgot about them until the deputy mentioned Lilly’s October 3rd ticket. The good thing about visiting the Sheriff’s Department on a Sunday, is that most of the people who work on weekends don’t remember me. They’re new. - Yeah, the insurance company called my dad and said we had an outstanding ticket. Um, there’s the licence number. OK and can I see your ID? What are you doing here? - I’m just paying off a ticket. Hey, any luck finding Chardo Navarro? No? You should talk to my dad, he’s really good at that sort of thing. You got a smart mouth, kid. - Yeah, I don’t think there’s any wiggle room on this one. Thanks. I’ll mail in the payment. All right, Miss Kane. Sorry ‘bout the bad news. I haven’t gone more than 30 minutes without glancing at the ticket. One of those automated intersection cameras caught Lilly running a red light at 6:02PM, almost two hours after her supposed time of death. I don’t know if it’s the photo of Lilly, singing and smiling on the final day of her life that’s been haunting me or the fact that suddenly none of the Kanes have alibis that hold up – Jake, Celeste, even Duncan. Dad was right. The case doesn’t add up. I made a choice a long time ago. Stand by Dad or stand by the people tearing him down. You didn’t make it Saturday night. - I guess I didn’t feel I was even a little bit wrong or sorry. - Well a wise man once said that a ‘No’ is like a ‘Yes’ except with different letters and arranged in a different order and spoken out loud but, you know, it disappears on the wind. - There goes the neighbourhood. They just put Golden Tee in at Sac-n-Pac. You need to go there ‘cause your not going to get your free game- Guys. Look. Hate to be her. - Yeah, that would suck. I’ve never played Golden Tee but I’m pretty sure I can kick both your asses. - Ooh. - Lead the way. I’m just saying… - I think we got a competition… Transcribed by InigoMontoya