He did it. I have video of Lilly in his bed on the day she died. The Aaron Echolls/Lilly Kane sex tapes have been stolen from the evidence room. For a guy who says he hates his father, you sure did him a huge favor. What do you think you can do to me? I'll think of something. Why don't you do me a favor and drop that knife? I can handle the spice department, thank you very much. -Oh, really? -Really. I have information about that mexican kid who got killed. I'm the one who made the anonymous call. It's not the guy from the bridge. -You said the whole night was a blur. -I lied. Your dad is in deep to the Fitzpatrick family, the ones who really wanted Felix dead. Hannah? I want you to get out of my house and never speak to her again. You better rethink what you saw on the bridge. I promised a cleaner, safer Neptune. Want to know how I'm going to get there? Incorporation. That's not a town, Woody. That's a country club. Now, I know some of you. I even coached a few of you back in little league. I thought I'd invite the journalism classes out and give Gia a chance to make some new friends. Hello, friend. Special guest, future hall-of-famer Terrence Cook. We're not taking that stank-ass bus back to Neptune. My dad's sending a limo. It just went straight off the cliff. They're all dead. Mr. David "Curly" Moran. What does this have to do with me? His body washed up on the beach, beaten to death. It looks as though Curly and I have a friend in common. "All these years still on 'The Long Haul'"... it's a movie featuring a signature stunt where a truck is sent veering over a bridge. Balboa county sheriff Don Lamb questions baseball legend Terrence Cook in connection with the Neptune high bus crash. You'll take my case? You sure you're not clouded by your years of being his biggest fan? A secret tumultuous relationship with a teacher who died in the crash? It seems like more of a motive than supporting Woody's plans for incorporation. That's why you didn't take the bus home? Actually, my dad told me not to. I mean, he must've been totally psychic or something. Are you keeping a dead rat in our freezer? I found it on the bus. It was a message for me. I'm the rat. A dead rat's only talent... it smells bad enough to drive anyone who could afford another ride off the bus. So what if we want to make money selling dope to rich, white boys? Is that such a bad thing? Hold on, man. You killed Felix, didn't you?! That's an interesting theory, Eli. But before you think about spreading it around, I think you should see something. That night you nearly kicked Curly's head in? I'm using my trust fund to start a real-estate business. You would be the face of the Phoenix Land Trust. Jackie and I borrowed one of Terrence's cars tonight. I was digging around where he keeps them, and I found some sort of explosive and detonators. Veronica, are you absolutely sure what you saw in that hangar were explosives? And detonators. Pretty sure. They were marked "C4." Maybe Terrence has a legitimate use for them. Trout fishing? Anyone else know about this? Jackie was with me, but she didn't see anything. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna get dressed. Come again? Explosives... they're in the hangar where Terrence keeps his cars. Your Terrence, the same Terrence who had nothing to do with the bus crash, who couldn't possibly have made the call that detonated the bomb? Veronica saw them firsthand. Oh, well, Veronica saw them. That's like moses bringing tablets down the mountain to me. Why don't you get a search warrant, sheriff, and see for yourself? Could take a while. Judge Carlton is fly-fishing at Bighorn... unless you've got a canoe. You might want to post someone... outside the hangar? You think? Tonight, "Tinseltown Diaries" examines the rise and fall</i> of one of Hollywood's brightest stars. Choirboy, cub scout, starving actor, megastar, husband, father, adulterer, cradle robber, murderer. Who is the real Aaron Echolls? Can you look right in the camera and tell America you've done nothing wrong?</i> I've made mistakes, but I swear on my life I did not kill Lilly Kane.</i> Switch it? Dude, are you kidding? Don't you want to see how it ends? Almost as famous as the man himself</i> are the other members of Echolls' family,</i> their sordid lives an endless source of tabloid fodder.</i> Dude, your dad's really leaned out in the big house. Probably all those tossed salads, huh? After an avalanche of stories about Aaron's infidelities </i> made headlines last year, wife Lynn's car was found stranded on the Coronado Bridge,</i> where she is assumed to have leapt to her death.</i> Rumors of Echolls' sometimes-actress daughter trina's terminal illness </i> were recently revealed to be a hoax. And son Logan's rocky relationship with the media and the law</i> began last year when he organized and videotaped a series of bum fights.</i> Today the youngest Echolls is, like his old man, awaiting trial,</i> accused in the stabbing death of a local gang member.</i> A murder that took place on the infamous Coronado Bridge,</i> That's who you're dating? Through it all, Aaron has steadfastly denied any guilt in the murder</i> of friend Jake Kane's only daughter. What about the sex tapes? What tapes? My counsel has requested copies from the prosecution.</i> Where are they? I don't think they exist. I've said all along it's her brother they should be looking at...</i> Duncan Kane. He's got a history of violence. Now he's fled the country. He's wanted for kidnapping. Aaron Echolls is currently in custody in the Balboa county prison.</i> [Virgina Williams - "I want you to want me"] Originally performed by Cheap Trick</i> Veronica? Oh, hey, Jane. I think those are our drinks. And you want me to bring them to you versus watching them get cold from across the room? Got it. I want you to want me I need you to need me My sister, Heidi. The bride-to-be? More like the bride-to-beat. She's only marrying Paul Mann. The Manns are, like, the oldest money in Neptune. You mean like from the '80s? I want you to want me please tell me they invented the fishnet muscle shirt. Oh, I want you to want me-e-e Honey, next time, please hold the mike in your right hand because you nearly blinded the audience with your rock. [Operetta "The Pirates of Penzance" - "I Am The Very Model of Modern Major-General"]</i> Wow! Somebody parked a diamond Volkswagen on your finger. It's ours. We wants it. No, it's mine... along with the gorgeous, brilliant, sweetheart of a man that goes with it. Aw. I have to say we don't get that many bachelorette parties at The Hut. This is just the first stop of the no-holds-barred bacchanalia! Coffee up, ladies. It's a bachelorette scavenger hunt. "One... sing slutty song publicly. Two... talk a man out of his underwear." Done and done. Say "cheez whiz." All righty, then. Well, if you wind up getting to number 8, be sure and bring mouthwash. Oh, you looky-loos with your police-band radios and your free time. What did you find? All right, people, back it on up. There's nothing to see here. Is that C4? Did the bomb squad confirm it? Sir, this is a police matter. You'll have to wait for the press conference like everyone else. V eronica. Hey, party girl. I need your help. Let me guess, the "pin the penis on the fireman" game ended in tears? My sister's missing. A long time ago, We used to be friends, but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 2x15 The Quick And The Wed</i> See appendixes for songs infos, available upon french translation.</i> Heidi's friends dropped her off at 2:00 in the morning. She missed her final dress fitting at 10:00. We figured she was hung over, but we went by her place. Called everyone. No one's seen her. No one's heard from her. Her cellphone goes right to voice mail. Did you check the hospitals? My mom did. Here's the thing. My sister's great, but she's... She's kind of a dingbat sometimes. What? The last time we all went to the beach, Heidi almost drowned herself trying to swim with the dolphins. I'm just afraid she's having a Heidi moment and she's gonna mess up her life. We have to find her before the wedding. Paul and his family cannot find out she's gone. Aren't they gonna miss her? I mean, doesn't she have wedding stuff to do? There's a wedding planner and Paul's parents are pretty much doing everything else. What about the rehearsal dinner? You thinking a stunt double? There isn't one. It's gonna be a tiny ceremony... immediate family only... then 500 at the reception. When's the wedding? Saturday, as in three days from now. At 10:17 this morning, a warrant for the arrest of Terrence Cook was issued, charging him with eight counts of murder in the first degree. Sheriff, you picked him up for questioning before without charging him. Is there new evidence? Explosives were found matching the type used in the bus crash in hangar space used by mr. Cook to house his fleet of automobiles. Do you have mr. Cook in custody? No, not yet. But if he runs, he's not gonna get far. Hey. Do you mind helping me out? A friend's sister is missing... a runaway bride thing. Her name is Heidi Kuhne. Veronica. Aren't you supposed to be at school, doing schooly type stuff? That's why I want you to run her phone records, pops. You can do this in your sleep. Come on. All right, just as long as...</i> both cell and home, please, and you might as well check her credit cards and ATM activity while you're at it. Is there anything else, darling? Hey, I'm sorry about Terrence. Yeah, me too. So, you want to come over after school? The words out of your mouth are "come over", but all I hear you saying is "let's have sex". Excuse me? All I heard you say was "let's have sex". Toying with a sweet little girl's heart just to screw with her dad? I get it. San Quentin isn't quite as enticing as, say, college. But, damn, you've really plumbed new depths, Logan. You're cute when you're jealous. Did Heidi say anything about being unhappy or having second thoughts? No, she's more of the "act now, think later" type of girl. Her first love, Nick, she had his name tattooed on her ass after a week. It was two weeks, and she had it removed. When? She didn't tell me. It took like six weeks. That's why she waited so long to sleep with Paul. She didn't want him to see it. And he thinks he found himself the last nice girl. Oh, my god, did you guys hear about Nick's mother? She fell off her roof putting up a satellite dish. Okay, let's try to stay on topic. Did anything out of the ordinary happen last night? Packaged meat was pretty extraordinary. I lost my cellular phone. Packaged? The all-male revue we took her to. There was this guy creeping her out at the happy horseshoe. She said she's seen him before, like he was following her. She had the bouncers kick him out. Did any of you see him? When you were here, you were taking pictures. Jen got one of those novelty disposable cameras, the ones where the prints come out with penises around the borders. Lovely. Where's the camera? I gave it to Heidi. I think she took it with her. Thank you, ladies, for all your help. If I were a novelty camera, where would I be? Be it ever so disgusting, there's no place like Heidi's. Okay, her apartment being ransacked? Not a good sign. It's okay. This is how it always looks. It should be easy to find a camera in this, don't you think? Two wine glasses... you sure she wasn't expecting company? I'm sure. She left her cellphone charger. Might be why she's not returning calls. Can you tell if she packed a bag? You're kidding, right? Hi! So, how are you doing, boss? Me? Well, I'm holding up my end. I got six more properties added to the Phoenix Land Trust portfolio, two of which are beachfront. You would not believe the deals that I've gotten. That's good. Yeah, but we're out of capital. That's bad. Maybe it's time to think outside the box, you know, find new revenue streams. You know that all the investors believe that your dad is pulling the strings? I know. I did hear the Kane house is going up for sale. It's the wrong side of town. The deals are all south. I think we should buy it. What have I told you about thinking? That it makes my breasts smaller? Have you ever considered that maybe I'm the clever one, that this delightful packaging is a means to outwitting my adversary? Consider it? I'm banking on it. But have you considered that you're my adversary? My name's on everything, right? Oh, yes, it is. So, they've set a trial date 60 days from today. Whatever will I wear? The D.A. Is offering a one-time deal... a plea bargain. Well, I'm not interested. You should be. They're talking involuntary manslaughter. That brings your maximum sentence down from 11 years to 4. With good behavior... if you could muster some... you'd be out in half that. Two years? Logan, let me remind you the prosecution has witnesses, the good kind... eyewitnesses. Cholo lowlifes and a lying, cokehead plastic surgeon. A prominent, well-respected cokehead doctor. And how many jurors you think we can find in Neptune who haven't been exposed to your winning charm in the "Tinseltown Diaries"? Jurors love convicting smug, rich boys. It's a fact. I've asked around... and I hope this isn't news to you... but no one likes you. Even if I had stabbed Felix, which I didn't, it would've been self-defense. I got jumped by a gang. Argue that. I plan to, but the doctor didn't see a gang. He saw three bikers, one of them bleeding to death, a knife in your hand. He'll testify that you weren't in peril when you stabbed Felix. No deal. Well, if it helps you decide on your wardrobe, I'll be wearing an "I'm with stupid" t-shirt. Yeah, this is where I would come for cash in the middle of the night. Dad said all her cards were maxed, so Heidi hit three different ATMs in an hour. She made the maximum withdraw at each. What are you thinking? Well, either she had some more g-strings left to stuff at packaged meat or someone forced her to take that money out. Oh, man, what am I gonna tell Jane? Let's not freak out until there's something concrete to freak out about. You mean like finding her car abandoned in the middle of nowhere? Yeah, like that. That's it? That's all you'll do? Lady, that's all we can do. So, what did the sheriff's department say? Nothing that inspires confidence. The deputy started laughing when he heard that the missing person was at a bachelorette party. He said they wouldn't start looking until after 48 hours had passed. Good news. What? Working hard? Working always. What can I do for you? You've done some detailing work for Terrence Cook? You a cop? I'm a private investigator working on mr. Cook's behalf. I saw you pull up while the hangar was being searched. It's time for his monthly. His what? I have a standing contract with Terrence. That man loves his cars. I detail every one of them once a month. You know, he used to have over 40, but, uh, I guess things got tough. He's down to eight. Explosives were found in the tall cabinet near the Maserati. You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah, sure, that's where he keeps the babies' blankets. The what? It's what he calls the Calfskin chamois... they're all he'll let me use. If there had been explosives in that cabinet a month ago... I would've seen 'em. If you had detailed his cars yesterday... Terrence knows you're out there once a month? Oh Yeah. Yeah, he knows. I'm a half-hour late, I get a call. I had the printers forego the phallic framing. Penises can sometimes be distracting. I don't know how helpful I'm gonna be. I didn't really get a good look at the guy. It was dark and loud and there were condom balloons hitting my head. Just take your time. Okay, here's what we know. Heidi got two phone calls back to back at 2:55 and 2:57 A.M. They were short, no messages on her machine, so we can assume she took them. The first ATM transaction was at 3:20. That tells me whoever called had something to do with her leaving. Can't you find out who made the calls? Isn't that like a P.I.'S thing? Tracing phone numbers. Usually we can, but the number is no longer in service. And according to my father's friend at the phone company, it never was. Very odd. Wait a minute. I think that's him. -Where? -There. Jane, that's a torso. It's the shirt. I remember his shirt. Is that a bowling shirt? So, to what do I owe the pleasure? I'm here to tempt you, Aaron. Well, mission accomplished. Or should I say, "with what?" Huge tracts of land. More action than I can handle. I'm here to offer you a piece. So, I guess big Dick still has his fingers in a few pies, huh? My husband's got quite a reach. Some are saying that he might be working abroad. Aaron, how would you like to walk out of here a richer man? You're cash-strapped. No, I get it. I can help. But... Quid pro quo, mrs. "C"... Quid pro quo. Impressive Hannibal. Well, they told me the glass is bulletproof, but I'm betting I could talk you through it. Something else. Oh. I'm all ears. You know my son, Logan? He hangs out with the Casablancas kid all the time. We've met. Maybe you can find a reason to drop by his hotel room. I guess, if I really tried. [Mere Mortals - "Lost Art"]  On the night of new sensation</i> You're sold out to the daydream nation You're breathing then you hold it hard Baby you're a lost art Hey! El diablo! What's up, you? What? Nothing. You lie. "Easy rider." Your choice, not mine. I should be the one sulking. You know what the punishment is for lying. What? You lose a nipple. Ow! Are you crazy? Ow! Don't do it again. Hannah? May I see you in the kitchen for a minute? I guess. Mom, this is Logan. Mrs. Griffith. It's nice to meet you. So, this is a great place you have here. Denenberg. And it's ms. Oh. Sorry. Uh... hey, uh, while you two are in the kitchen, do you mind if I use your computer for a second? I just want to check some fantasy scores. It's in the den. Thanks. Thought you should know... Tom, thought you should know, found birth control CONDOMS in Hannah's room. We need to talk. Honey, open your eyes. The guy is bad news. You don't even know him. How can you say that? Bum fights? Okay, that was a long time ago. God, you're so judgmental. I know. I'm awful. What kind of mother would prohibit her daughter from dating a boy who's awaiting trial for manslaughter? Almost all parenting books eschew the use of sarcasm with adolescents, so, you know... Fine, here it is, stripped of the sarcasm. He's a phony, he's ugly on the inside, all he wants from you is sex, and he's gonna break your heart. You're wrong. You don't know Logan. Everybody's already decided that he's this bad guy, but I know him. They don't and you don't. God bless Tracy McGrady. Life is good. That looks heavy. You should let me take it out for you. [Mellowdrone - "Oh My"]  What may I ask Is memory now Excuse me. Do you recognize this shirt? -Right over there. -Thanks. The one-eyed ducks, perennial champs, alley 5. That guy's too big. That guy's too small. That guy is...not a guy, just in desperate need of a stylist. But that guy looks just right. Yes! Yes! What did I tell you?! What did I tell you?! Oh, my, what a wonderful day for... Here you go. are you sure you don't want one? $1 draft night. Come on, have a beer. We'll let you roll a frame. Vinny, this is not nam. This is bowling. There are rules. What can you tell me... nothing. Of course, your pavlovian response. Her name was Heidi Kuhne. Doesn't ring a bell. Let me jog your memory. You were thrown out of the Happy Horseshoe the other night for stalking her. If I had a dime for every time I was thrown out of h-squared for stalking... what was it... a little prenup background check? Well, you already know. She's missing. Are you suggesting I kidnapped her? Because I believe that's your racket. Do you know where she is? Negatory. Who hired you... the groom, his family? You fill them in on her party-girl past? Ah, that, curious georgette, is P.I.-Client privilege. Now, if you'll excuse me, my ducks need me. You heard what my mom said, didn't you? Yeah, I got the gist. Just ignore her. She's bitter about the divorce. She thinks all men are evil. Maybe she's right? What... about men? About me. Let's get out of here, go to your place. Well, I know the words coming out of your mouth are "go to your place", but... all I hear is "let's have sex." So? Logan? That sounds good. Lamb, I've been trying to get ahold of you. And I've been ducking your calls. Man, that feels good to get off my chest. Hey, you think I like bringing any of this to you? Just hear me out. Terrence has a guy who details his fleet of cars every month. He keeps his chamois in the same cabinet where the explosives were found. Now, why would he keep that damning evidence at all? That's the first question, and the second question... why would he keep them where they were sure to be found? Valid questions. I'll be sure and ask him when he gets out of surgery. Surgery? What happened? -He got shot. -Who shot him? You know the journalism teacher who died on the bus, miss Dumass? Her father. He caught Terrence Cook breaking into the family home in San Francisco. Strange behavior for an innocent man, don't you think? If you read this morning's paper, then you probably already know that tracking polls indicate there's 57% support for Neptune's incorporation. Question... what's that gonna do to us here? Uh, an actual police department. Private beaches. The rich get richer. All right, let's stop there. All those are true, but let's not just focus on the potential upside. Sure, we could speculate, but why do so when we already have a model we can study? Aw. Palo Alto, California, in the heart of silicon valley... home to Stanford university, Hewlett-Packard, and the epicenter of the late-'90s technology boom. But before the whole dot-com craze began, Palo Alto was a diverse community not unlike our Neptune. When they incorporated, they effectively put up a wall between the economic classes. What resulted after a very short time was an ultrarich center surrounded by the crime capital of america. Those who were smart dumped their unincorporated property to suckers before the bottom fell out. Property values in the city skyrocketed while land outside the incorporation became worthless. Now, let's take a look at your progress in the stock-market game. As you can see, the younger mr. Casablancas has extended his lead. This, ladies and gentlemen, is a young man with true business acumen. Hey, dad. Your missing person is a little less missing. She used her cellphone twice this morning, both one-minute calls. Who'd she call? Paul Mann. Know who that is? Yeah, her fiancé. What if Heidi's still in town? What if she's just hiding from her family? Maybe she'll pick up her phone if she doesn't recognize the caller I.D. Cold feet, honey. It's always cold feet. Hey, does Heidi have a fax? Yeah, somewhere. Here it is. -Why? -When I called the apartment, the fax picked up, which means it's on the same line. Well, it's been switched to fax since she's been gone. Does that matter? Remember the two calls she got? What if someone was trying to fax her? She would've heard the fax tone on the first call and then switched over the machine so that the second time it went through. Now, if this fax machine has storage capability... who'd be faxing her at 3:00 in the morning? That's what I'd like to know. It's some flyer from a band called XLR8. Accelerate. That's Nick's band... Heidi's old boyfriend. The one whose name she had de-inked from her buttocks? Apparently Nick needs to see Heidi. [The Lashes - "Sometimes the Sun"]  According to Jane, it's been three years since Nick and Heidi were hot and heavy. You can laser a guy's name off your ass, but I wonder whether you can really ever cut him out of your heart. It's been so long Since I've seen your face Except inside of my head Counting down the days till you're home I guess if I do find my runaway bride, we'll have the next 12 hours to discuss the matter while waiting for the next train home from San Luis Obispo. Yeah? You got a Heidi Kuhne in there? I know you. What the hell is going on, Heidi? My family hired you to track me down? Actually, Jane did. You're 12. I'm 18. You're a barista. I'm a... fine, I'm a barista. Look, you know you're supposed to be getting married in 12 hours, right? Your sister has been really worried about you. She thought you had some bad pre-wedding jitters, and then we found your car abandoned. As in parked like 30 feet from the bus station? It was dark and it was after we went to your apartment and saw two glasses of wine. One was broken. Which is why I poured the second glass. Maybe you should stick to making coffee. None of this matters anyway because the wedding is off. It is? You might want to let someone know. Paul can announce it. He's the one who ran back to his old flame. And you parked your car and took a bus to yours. I came to see Nick because his mom is in bad shape and he needed me. I called Paul to tell him where I was, but he didn't return my calls. Then I get these text messages from my friend Kim telling me she saw him leaving his ex's place at dawn. And Paul's supposed to be totally cool with you going on the road with Nick? Yeah. He sent me the fax. I just came up here to be a friend. Nick, how did you manage to send a fax from an unlisted phone number when the phone company says the number never existed? Yeah, I didn't send that fax. -You said... -You said you got my fax. I just didn't correct you. It was handwritten. I was just so stoked to see you. Nick didn't send the fax, and Kim didn't text-message you. She lost her phone the night of the bachelorette party. Well, then, who? A private detective named Vinny Vanlowe. But why? I, uh, I have another wedding at 4:00. If no one's seen your bride... Don't worry. She's just a free spirit, marching to her own drum. Coming! Coming! Sorry I'm late. Let's get married. Where've you been? Oh, we have a whole lifetime for stories. Let's do this thing. Lay it on me, preacher man. I demand to know what you've been up to. I didn't ask you what you were doing for your bachelor party. And after finding whipped cream in your underwear, I think I was entitled. You were entitled... you? The one who sexed up every wannabe rock star in southern California? You know, if I wanted to marry Tawny Kitaen, I would've got a nipple pierced. How could you say that to me? Like I would ever sex up a drummer. Lead singers? Yes. Maybe the occasional guitar player. The important thing is that we love each other. How can you expect me to love a used-up groupie like you? Wow. Ouch, honey. Kind of harsh. Are you breaking it off? -You're damn right I... -No! Fair enough. So, I guess I'll be keeping this precious family heirloom... 'cause those are the rules in polite society, aren't they? I mean, if I backed out or didn't show up, I'd have to give you the ring back, right? You know the funny thing? You could've just said it's over, and I would've given you the ring back. This will be payment for the two years I wasted trying to convince you I was worthy. Enjoy the reception! By the looks of it, I'd guess the elder mr. Mann commissioned the background check, but it was his son that couldn't live with the information. Come on, Jane. Are pawn shops open on saturdays? And that is why the Phoenix Land Trust is where you should put your money. I'm confused. You're talking and your clothes are on. I'm starting to think you really came over here to sell me real estate. I told you it's my job. And that must be the second sign of the apocalypse. Well, I tried. Do you mind if I freshen up before I go? Freshen up for what? All right, Logan, you win. I'm serious. This stops now. Sure. Come on in. I see you have company. I'll let myself out, but... think about my offer. Mark my words. Someday that smirk is gonna get wiped off your face. Oh, please. Let the lying, cokehead plastic surgeon lecture me on karma. Certainly caught up with me. It ends now. I'll make my testimony go away. What about the Fitzpatricks? Let me worry about them. You just stay the hell away from my daughter. I assume we have a deal? I don't believe this. If it isn't the puppet master. Hey, what a man does in the privacy of his own home, office, and/or car is his business. You know, you cost me a five grand bonus. You were gonna buy a new jacket? And give up the cheap women? Not likely. Give it. What? Kim's cellphone. I called you, left a threatening message. You didn't get it from me. Exactly how many times have you had to say that in your life? You know what's really disturbing about you... ...other than everything? You're a halfway decent private investigator. Stop. You're embarrassing me. You can embarrass the shameless? This is for your sister's friend Kim. Thank you, Veronica. Check it out. Heidi he aded up to the L.A. Jewelry exchange, hocked the ring, and kept right on going to Nick's next show. So, how does it feel to play cupid? Uncomfortable. This better last. Guess you never know where true love is gonna find you. If it comes looking for me, I'll be over by the espresso machine. Hey. Um, I know you're busy, but, uh...