Why, do you think I'm going to have another episode and kill you too? You haven't seen Duncan, tonight, have you? He's missing. His parents think he may have run away. You didn't want them dating either. Yeah, I probably wish Mom would've found a guy who wasn't my best friend's dad. I know Lilly loved you. Well, it's just not like I loved her. I don't know, I don't have to feel guilty anymore. Feel guilty about what? What are we doing? No idea. Later. Uh-oh, someone's got her eye on that Miss White Trash title. Yeah, you know you got a solid effort in the talent competition, but I'd like to see that car up on some cinder blocks. Guys, come on, huh. I know. Guys, come on, the talent is making a grilled cheese sandwich on the engine block. Guys, come on, you can't put your car up on blocks in the yard if you don't have a yard. You know, I think I can do both sides of this little act now. So, how 'bout next time, you don't bother. I got it covered. So that's it? I mean just like that you flush a two year relationship down the toilet? No, Tad, it's… We've been going out since I was a freshman and I just feel like- What did I do wrong? Nothing. It's just… you're graduating in a month and... And what? What, you don't trust me? What with college and all that? Tad, I just can't imagine doing the whole long distance thing. But it's only for a year. No, it's four years at the Academy and then four years of the Navy and I don't know. Look. Look, just listen to this, please? I don't want another mix. It's something I wrote for you on my guitar. Look, a song isn't going to make it better, Tad. It's over. Before you go, there's something you should see. You're not gonna change my mind. I don't even remember doing it. I must have been wasted. I would never do something like that. It's totally disgusting. You mean, you two having sex? Worse. I'm skinny-dipping in some hot tub and… I have this… popsicle and I… Do you think he's serious? I don't know. When I said I wanted to break up, he was just… but I can't take the chance. I need you to get me that phone, Veronica. You can do that, can't you? Oh, yeah. Bank on it. What? I blockaded the door. I hung an "Out of Order" sign. No, this is wrong. I mean a boy in a girl's bathroom, it's just- - So wrong, it's right? - Yes. I'm sorry about Dick and those guys. Dick and those guys don't bother me. Besides, you and I have to keep up appearances because Duncan is gonna come home some day… and I don't want him to hear about us, this, from someone else. I am beyond tardy for my physics class. If I remember right, time travel is not yet possible. So try petty corruption. Tardy excuse slips. Date-stamped. Untraceable. I know people. It's clear. Good luck in physics. Remember, force equals mass times acceleration… …light is a particle that can exhibit properties of a wave… I'd learn more staying here with you. I have things to do. Like cool down. I made a promise to Carmen. Thank god for disposable cell phones. No offence but you look odd. I just watched our parents cuddle on the couch last night. My eyes… they burn. Any idea what our parents do Mondays and Wednesdays from six to ten that requires an overnight bag? As far as I'm concerned, they play bingo at the VFW. That's my story, I'm sticking with it. Best way to deal with things like this? Pretend they don't exist. Do you mind calling this number halfway through sixth period? Sure, all right. - They don't exist? - Deal. Hey, you mind helping me with a bump and bait here? So I was all no way and he was like, yeah, way and- I'm so sorry. Watch what you're doing. Okely-dokely. He did not say that. Excuse me! What do you think you're doing? Okay, ciao for now. This is like study hall, right? I  was excused from gym class for, um, personal reasons. Are you not familiar with the school's cell phone policy? All right, all right, take a pill. You can pick this up after school. We can it symbiosis. That literally means living together. Tad, I believe your bag is ringing. What? Give me a break, it's not even on. I  know you know the policy Mr Wilson, because you just saw a demonstration. I'm an equal opportunity confiscator. Ms Dunne? I volunteered to separate the recycling from the cafeteria trash this afternoon. Can I be excused from class early? Hi! I'm here to get my phone back. Consider this a warning. Next time, I'm keeping it and you'll just have to gossip with your friends with two cans and string. I'm not sure what that means but I'm totally warned, I swear. Ah, yep. Wait, this isn't mine. Veronica Mars. Hey, honey, how's school? You know. Mean kids and different teachers. Crumbling infrastructure. So, why are you smiling? 'Cause I'm savouring the irony. Imagine the Mars family sending our heir, Veronica, to an Ivy League college with money from the bounty on the Kane heir. For information on the whereabouts of Duncan Kane. Fifty grand? Not bad. Money for nothing. That's your first two years right there. It might not be as easy as you think. Come on, honey, Duncan Kane? A sheltered rich kid who has maids fold his underwear? I think I'll be able to track him down. I'm only worried about beating the other pros. Yeah, he's a big fish in a very small barrel. What is it? You know that entertainment lawyer you've been looking for all year? Y eah. Well, I was telling Meg about how hard the guy's been to find and all the tricks you use if you want to disappear and Duncan was sitting right there, listening. But, looking on the bright side, all those other professionals probably won't find him first. What did you tell him? Use cash, don't use a credit card, don't use your own car, you know. The basics. I might have mentioned something about recycling passports on eBay. But, come on, Dad, with your expertise and my can-do spirit, we can do it. Family project. I have a friend who can play the eBay angle, might be able- Hello, Mr Mars. Hey, Veronica. How's school? Hi, Miss Fennel, it's fine. We'll be back around eight or so. Where you going? Out. Why don't you get started on that passport thing? So. Did it work? Success. Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. You didn't watch it, did you? You saved my life, Veronica. Look, Carmen, just because we got the phone, doesn't mean the video's dead. You gotta know it's impossible to destroy a digital file with any kind of certainty. Tad isn't really a think ahead kind of guy. That felt good. Justice is served. It's just a message from Top Gun. That's Tad. Oh my god. So the thing is figuring out if any passports were sold on any of these auction sites and shipped anywhere near Neptune. Man, Veronica. Have you ever asked for help for anything normal? What fun would that be? All right, well, I'll get back to you. Thanks a zillion, Mac. So Carmen's back with Tad. It's either that or he sends the video to the whole school. Now that's a shame. Neighbourhood girl like that, wasting her assets on a white boy. Isn't that that chick you had a crush on in eighth grade? Too bad you ain't rich. And white. Get marooned. Great. Another island-centric prom theme. Another year of double digit IQed jocks laughing at their own jokes about getting laid as freshman hula girls put flowers around their necks. I don't see anybody forcing you to buy tickets, queer-bait. I'm sorry, am I giving away your best material, uh? Isn't the, uh, gay prom next Friday in the Dog Beach men's room? So I guess I'll see you there, sailor. What'd you just say to me, Boy George? Come on. The Navy? "Cover my back, wingman!" "The rear admiral wants us to pound away with the ten-inch gun!" I mean, isn't just joining the Navy alone gay enough to get you thrown out of the Navy. The prom is supposed to be for traditional couples, man. Oh, come on. What's more traditional than fairies and fat chicks? Now why would Carmen want to dump such a charmer? One day and I already feel like I need a long hot shower. I don't know how long I can keep this up. What you need is an exit strategy. You know what's going to happen, Veronica? I gonna end up a downloadable national joke. You know, right up there with Paris Hilton or that "Star Wars" kid. I'll be the video that everyone emails their friends, you know, just google popsicle girl and there I'll be for the rest of human history. And I can't stop him. Unless you had something that would ruin Tad back. You  know, get your own A-bomb and it prevents him from launching a first strike. Mutually Assured Destruction. You're not gonna find any dirt on Tad, if that's what you mean. Beyond his penchant for amateur underage pornography? Leave that to me. I just need to know that you're willing to get your hands a little dirty. If it makes you feel any better, he didn't really leave you much of a choice. Tad used to be different. I mean, he was the first boyfriend I ever had. He was the first guy I ever slept with. First guy who got you drunk and took dirty pictures of you. You still want to date him? Then let's get this over with. What do I do? You invite Tad for a romantic afternoon on the Neptune boardwalk. What are you doin' here? You miss me? Alternator trouble. Think your uncle can return the LeBaron to all its original glory? He could get it ready for Daytona if you pay him enough. That won't be necessary. Come 'ere. The word is the Kanes are offering a nice little reward to find Duncan. You pick up some leads when you broke into the Kane house or were you just covering your tracks? You used me. Yeah, well. We're always owing each other favours, aren't we? Don't give me that look. If you really thought I'd hurt Lilly you'd have a homing device on my ass already. I just heard something I thought might be worth, say, uh, 10% of your finder's fee. Ten per cent? Depends on what that something it. How 'bout a certain spoiled white boy bought a crapped out Impala from my uncle's friend a few weeks back. Eight per cent, if it pans out and you throw in that alternator. All right. Hey, Dad, you got a pen? A '69 Impala. California license plate 6GU C788. And he bought it for eight hundred cash a couple weeks ago. Right. Bye. It's always business with you. So the place is ours. Dad's at class and Trina's at an extremely important purse store opening in Beverley Hills. Your Dad is taking classes? Yeah, exploring the world outside himself. All part of the new Aaron Echolls. Spanish, ceramics, Tae Kwan Doe and today, glass blowing with Silvio Pirelli, master of Old World crystal. Nice, huh? Just two lessons. And he made a bong? An urn for my mom. You know since there was no body and thus no ashes, he filled it with sea water, 'cause she jumped into the ocean, get it? At least it gets him out of the house. Hey, do you think this thing… will ever get more normal? What,  like will we ever hang at the mall and hold hands and buy each other teddy bears with hearts that say "I wuv you bear-y much"? Yes, exactly that. Except I want my bear won through some sort of demonstration of ring tossing ability. Well, secrets are kinda hot, too. I'm sorry. Well, I didn't realise you had company. Hello, Veronica. I thought you were out. Yeah, well, Silvio cancelled so I, grabbed some swordfish, I thought I'd try that Lime Tequila Marinade. You know, uh, I think I'll get out of your guy's hair, uh, there's chips if you're hungry. Blue corn, really good. Oh my God. Did I just get caught by my dad making out on the couch? Yeah, you got caught by your dad. I got caught by the star of "Breaking Point" and "Beyond the Breaking Point". That's weird. Um, and I have lipstick on my teeth. Logan! Look who showed up. - Dick and, um… - Ah, Kes. - Beaver. - Beav! This is why you couldn't surf? You had something to do on the couch? I'm sorry, dude, I just… Dude, you got a chick here? No, that's Trina's. She's without her lip gloss. It's possible she's suffering out there. Oh, right, and, uh, I'm supposed to take that to her. Yeah. Actually I was-I was going to go with you. Dude, no way! You already blew us off in the water. We got business to discuss. This weekend. Mexico. Annual surf and chick fest. Beav talked to these cheerleaders… Yeah, it turns out they have a retreat outside Rosarito and they just got second in this regional contest. Beers, waves and weak-willed cheerleaders right next door. Sweet. Looks like Logan is gonna be stuck for a while. Ride home? So, how are you Veronica? Embarrassed. Uncomfortable. Ohh, don't be. I was a teenager once. The thing I really want to ask… how's Logan. I think he's… coming to terms. He was such a good kid. When Lilly died, he became… Difficult? Well, maybe it's in the genes. I can be difficult from time to time. But whatever, I don't know if you guys are serious or, um, casual or, or just talking but your secret's safe with me, you know? Look, I just appreciate whatever you're doing to help him through it. Sure. Thanks. Veronica. I'm glad you two are together. I like what I see in him when he's with you. The talk with Dad. I guess that means my relationship with Logan is officially off the ground. Just in time for Tad and Carmen's relationship to crash and burn on the boardwalk. Jeez! How much vodka did you put in this thing? Hi. How much do you love me? I don't know what it is about you Carmen that makes me feel plumb loco. Do you wanna try something really crazy? I want you to go talk with Seth. Why do you need fashion advice? I heard from that drama chick, Gina that he has the best X in school. I don't know, I thought, maybe on prom night, you'd wanna experiment with me after the dance? This is why I love you. Be right back. Hey, Seth, hey… All we need now is a soundtrack. Be natural. Be intimate and let Tad do the talking, he will tie his own noose, guaranteed. Home stretch, girlfriend. Hey, Tad. I had such a great time today. Me too, baby. I wish I had you here right now though in my bed. I can't wait until after prom for our little, ah, erotic experiment. I had no idea that you'd be so into dropping X together. Are you kidding me? I've always been curious. Yeah, I was just always worried about my parents, you know, or the Naval Academy. They'd kick me out if they ever found out. Well you sure you're ready for me? Big time. Nighty night. So how was that? That was a little scary. So remember, we'll meet for lunch tomorrow? And don't forget Tad. Hi honey. Good news, it's Chicken Kiev night and this time- Next time. I gotta run. The mystery bag. On a Tuesday? My own dad has lost total libidinal control. Are you sure? There are some important teen issues we could discuss. Ooh, the car Duncan bought? Just got a tip. It was spotted outside Tijuana. Yale, baby. - He's in room what? In the middle? - Mucho. - Gracias. - Andale. Room service. It's about time you came home, Dunc- Duncan, what are you… The, uh, car out front, the Impala? Eh, Impala, si. Is yours? It's a bust, sweetie. The car was abandoned outside the bus station, a case of beer in the seat and a sign in Spanish saying: Free Car. A decoy. Maybe Duncan's smarter than I was giving credit. Well he did ace his PSATs. So I'll see you at home for dinner? Raincheck, honey. Alicia and I- Are going out, right. I'll see ya when I see ya. You busy? Still working on that passport thing. Check it out. I just found Mr Heinrich's posting on the Neptune Swingles site. Ooo,  Larry, bowm-chicka-bow-bow. What do you need? Ah, along the same lines. How long does it take you to create a highly incriminating, thoroughly libellous, sexually explicit website? Uh... forty-five minutes, give or take? I'll get started on it as I'm done reading about how Mr Heinrich's interests include horseback riding on the beach, hot tubbing with special friends and "sensual" charades. Thanks Mac. That's a mental image I'll carry with me to the grave. Is that my math teacher? Here's the ammo. Seth here will help you with the rest. What are you doing here? I'm here to offer you a deal. I want my cell phone back. Course. Next order of business, you and Carmen are broken up, effective immediately. Whoa, what about yesterday? The boardwalk? My tattoo? It's called pretending. I don't love you anymore. And you can't blackmail me into it. Look Carmen, I swear, I never wanted to hurt you. You made me do it. And look, if you make me do it again- She'll hurt you worse. What's that? It's Seth'S web page devoted to your forbidden love. Beautiful song you wrote for him. It's a bunch of crap. You guys just faked that with Photoshop. No one's gonna believe this. Hey, Tad. I can't wait until after prom for our little, ah, erotic experiment. Why didn't you tell me you were into guys? Are you kidding me? I've always been curious. Yeah, I was just always worried about my parents, you know, or the Naval Academy. They'd kick me out if they ever found out. Seen enough? Whatever, who cares about what this school thinks about me. I'm gone in a month. Actually, I was able to get the email addresses of every Plebe at Annapolis. On press of a button and each of your new classmates will have the link to this very special website. The navy's got that don't ask, don't tell thing. If we tell, they're gonna ask. Mutually assured destruction. Think hard, Tad. Look, Carmen. I don't ever want to speak to you again. Ah, mass transit. But why take the bus when you can drive your very own rustbucket? I had my dad's driver pick it up. Full of fresh stolen parts, ready to go. Wow, I'll just try to keep this little gesture in mind this weekend when you and Dick and the Beaver are off getting blasted and scamming cheerleaders. Yeah... yeah. Actually, I had to tell Dick I'm not available, 'cause I have other plans. There are cheerleaders with low self-esteem available domestically? Are you free Friday? Maybe we could go out. Here? In Neptune? What about our little secret? Well, I thought we'd try a practice run in Catalina Island. So what do you think about us skipping school on Friday for a little ride on Dad's boat? Dinner and a movie? I'll pencil you in. So it's, uh... what is the word? A date? Nice of your dad to let us use his boat. Yeah, yeah, I think he actually likes you. When he heard that stuff about your parents, I think he felt- What? What stuff? Logan! What the hell, man? Just, uh, there was something in the paper he saw, I don't know. So tennish, Albacore Club, slip five. Oh my god. Seeking Lianne Mars. Please contact this number immediately. Legal proceedings have begun in your name. I know what entrapment is. Actually, Loretta, I don't think you do. Yeah, it's Cliff. Yes, I'm always available for you. This is entrapment. Oh, and if that's Tamara, tell that bitch she can beg all she wants, I'm testifying. Miss Cancun, please, you're not helping yourself. Veronica, what do you need? Why would someone place a notice of legal proceedings in the classified section? Well, it could be anything. Could you be more specific? Like, say, a man seeking the whereabouts of a woman. Could be child support, uh, civil suit, divorce. You just sign right here dear. Divorce? "Screw you, pig." Nice. Okay, like a big girl now? Yeah, California law, you have to run a notice for seven days before you can file for divorce on grounds of abandonment- I gotta run, V. One, two, three, four, five, six. One more day before whatever is happening happens and Lianne Mars returns clean and sober to a home that no longer has a place for her. Classifieds. Hi. This is Veronica, Keith Mars' assistant who placed a legal notice in your paper at the start of the week. Well, Mr Mars' legal situation has changed and he won't be needing to run the ad tomorrow. Good thing you called, we're an hour from deadline. Uh, if you could just confirm Mr Mars' address, credit information and Mr Mars' account password, we'll take care of that for you. Account password. Of course, they have to have something sensible like a password to prevent people like me from doing what I'm trying to do. Miss- I might feel a little uncomfortable about tracking my dad's cell phone if he hadn't done it to me first. A hotel. Great. Suddenly I'm feeling a little queasy. I'm sorry. We have no one under Mars or Fennel staying with us. And trying all the Mr and Mrs Smiths is out of the question? Thanks anyway. Okay, Dad, I get it. You're happy. Good morning. It is good, isn't it. Hey, Carmen! Hi. I was wondering if you were hungry. No. 'Cause I thought you might want to suck on my popsicle. Tad pressed the button. What if somebody catches us? No one is gonna catch us. No way! Man you really did miss out. That Carmen is freaky. Hey, what's wrong with you, man, where'd this come from. Hey. I saw your car was still in the lot. I was waiting for the rest of school to leave so that I could… sneak home without being assailed with any frozen desserts. Although, I'm sure my parents have already seen the video by now, so I'm not exactly sure where I'm planning to hide. Somewhere they don't have computers. I can't believe he did it. Imagine my surprise. You know what? Screw it. I'm still glad that I dumped that idiot loser… crapface. I'd rather the whole world think I'm trashy than have a guy like Tad think he can push me around. At least now it's over. No more waiting for the bomb to drop. That's right. No more waiting. Time to strike back. Mutually assured destruction. The honour's yours. Thanks anyway. You can't let him get away with it. Tearing Tad down isn't gonna make me feel any better. Carmen, I can't stress enough- Sorry, Veronica, I guess revenge just isn't my thing. What if somebody catches us? No one is gonna catch us. It's all fun and games until one of you gets my foot up your ass. Oh my god. I remember those stars and Chinese lamps. In fact, they're about the only things I remember from that night. A year and a half ago. Shelly Pomeroy had a party. Could it be the night Carmen gave her boyfriend a sex show in the hot tub that she can't remember was the same night that I was drugged and raped in a guest bedroom? I know I should have told you. No. Your life is your business. I just felt after a year of not knowing I wanted options. If I ever decided to move on, serving notice is just a first step and if I think I might take another… No more surprises, I promise. I just want you to be happy, Dad, and I realise that may involve surprises. Roberto Nalbandion. Who's Roberto Nalbandion? I have no idea. Okay, forgive me if as of yet, I'm unimpressed. I don't know who he is but I do know that someone purchased his Argentinean passport off of eBay and had it shipped to the airport at Marriott. Dad, this is Mac. She knows her way around a computer. Mac, my dad. - Hi. - Hi. So. Argentina. Roberto Nalbandion. It's great. So, the bounty on Duncan, what's my share? Eight, ten. Ten, but you drive a hard bargain. I meant percent. You'll get your cut. New question. Is there anyway to figure out when a video was recorded on someone's cell phone? Sure, every MPEG has an embedded time stamp. Okay. Carmen's video. I've got it up on the screen. Sure. No problem. It says the image was captured at 3:23am, December 7th 2003. I can't believe that butthead sent it out. What, does that date mean something? Nothing. Only that Carmen and I don't remember the same night. No, I just have a meeting. Well, you have until 5:30 to decide chicken or fish otherwise you lose your right to complain. Bye Keith. You wanted to see me, Mr… Clarence Wiedman. I'm with security here, Mrs Fennel. I wanted to talk to you about Keith Mars. What? I know you've been seeing Mr Mars for the past couple months. What you may not know; he is a man with a known grudge against the Kane family and this company. I'm gonna have to ask you to stop seeing him if you wanna avoid problems with your job here. Look, Mr Weed, or wh-whatever your name is. I have been a perfect employee since the moment I stepped through that door and I have never done anything to raise questions as to my dedication to my job. The idea that you can tell me what I can and can't do with my personal life… Well, Clarence… Mrs Fennel. You know what this is? This is an electronic eavesdropping device. A bug. I found it in that houseplant which has been in my office for the last several weeks. You know who delivered it? Your son, Wallace. Like I said. You really might want to reconsider your relationship with Mr Mars. An hour early to school is pretty brown-nosey, but even at Neptune yachting is not a recognized excuse for a late English report. How's it hangin', Tad? Let me guess: uncomfortable? I guess you and Carmen got those bikers to put me up here. I had nothing to do with putting you up here. But I might be convinced to help you get down. What do you want from me, bitch? You destroyed my life. You took away the only person that I ever loved. I don't recall forcing you to send that video. No, she did. She left me. And what good did sending it do? Who's gonna wanna touch her now? You know, if I can't have her, no one can. You are so lucky she has a better soul than I do because I would have taken you down with me. So what are you gonna cut me down if I apologise, is that it? Nope. I just want a simple answer to a simple question. Who gave you the rohypnol the night of Shelly Pomeroy's party. Yeah, I know. You roofied your girlfriend. "Class" with a capital "K". I don't remember. In about five minutes, people are gonna start showing up for school and unless you want your little business to be the first thing they see, you're gonna tell me who gave you the roofies. There weren't any roofies. It was GHB. It was Logan Echolls. He gave it to me. Oh, thank you. This might sting a bit. Look, Veronica. Come back here. Veronica, please! Don't do this.