around with my shirt unbuttoned. If I wanted to do a movie, the movie got made. Then I got older. I started getting cast as the father of superstar tweens who have no idea of who I am. It's a new age. They're the ones who are getting movies made today. I'm just some old guy. Enter Lilly Kane... this young, beautiful girl who thought I hung the moon. It's a very powerful thing when someone sees you as the person that you wish you were. Even if that person is 16 and dating your son? I didn't claim that it was right. I said it was powerful. Mr. Echolls, did you have sex with Lilly Kane? No, no... we... we fooled around a little, for lack of a better term, but I never had intercourse with her. And you ended the relationship on the day she was killed, - correct? - Yes. Can you tell us what happened? Lilly came to the house. She wanted attention, I guess. I told her we had to stop. She stormed out. It wasn't until after she'd left that I realized she had taken my oscar. So I went to her house to get it back. And did she give it to you? No. She yelled a lot. She threw an ashtray at me. Then her brother, Duncan, came out. He was enraged. He was screaming at her about me, I mean, as though I wasn't even there. I probably shouldn't have left her with him, but I panicked. I mean, as crazy as he was acting, - I never would have imagined... - objection. Yes, I'm sorry, your honor. So, after this argument, that was the last time you saw Lilly Kane? It was the last time I saw her alive, yes. So, apparently, if you're handsome and famous enough, you can just lie under oath, and that's cool. It's all about the tapes now, honey. That oscar trophy with Duncan's hair is gonna create doubt... reasonable or otherwise. But if they believe you and Logan saw Aaron having sex with Lilly, they'll convict him. Honey, when you get your chance to testify, it's important you keep yourself in check, okay? Aaron's lawyer is gonna use everything in his bag of tricks to rile you. But here's the thing... I'm un-rile-able. "Easygoing Veronica Mars"... that's what the kids at school call me. You sure you don't want to go over your testimony with the lawyers again? You know what I want... more than anything in the world? I want to be there, in court, watching Aaron at the moment the jury reads the verdict. I want to see that smirk wiped from his face. I want to see his expression at the exact moment he realizes... he'll never be a free man again. "Easygoing Veronica Mars," huh? You know how fat men are sometimes called "tiny"? That's for saving my life. What do I have to do for a pie? I'm kidding. They're great. Thanks. But I'm not sure what I did qualifies as lifesaving. - Sure, it does. - Well, thanks. I kind of have to get back to... so, you are mad. I knew that things were gonna be weird because of that stuff with our dads. I'm not mad, Gia. I'm just trying to study. We should study for the health final together. You want to? Tomorrow night, my house? I'll make flash cards. Fine. Okay. Tomorrow night. Where'd these come from? I saved someone's life. Can't talk. Studying. Well, not me, baby. I'm cruising through this week. Did he just call me "baby"? Mm-hmm. I got my scholarship to Hearst. My grades are fine. Good to go. Do you want me to cry? - I'm just saying... - Because I'll cry. I have to ace... ace... all of my finals and hope that Angie Dahl chokes on one of hers, and that still doesn't guarantee me the Kane scholarship. Do you know how long I've wanted to go to Stanford? - Since middle school. - Elementary, my dear Wallace. any idea how long I've waited to say that? It's so funny that you're working so hard to go to Stanford with Angie Dahl, when Wallace, Mac, and your dad will all be in Neptune. Said the girl who's leaving all this to go to France. Ah, do you see a plane ticket in my hand? Seriously. You might stay? With dad's still in this mess... Could  you guys tone down the adorable? Western civ. Isn't gonna learn itself. I'm gonna need milk with those cupcakes. Anyone want anything? Uh, peace, with a side of quiet? - She... - shh. Veronica. -  Got a minute? - Not really. I need your help with something. Okay. This is a little weird for me, you know? Is this gonna make me nauseous? I need your help with, you know, algebra. Like, the math? To pass this year, I need to get at least a "B" on the final. I don't pass, I don't graduate. My grandmother wants to see me walk across that stage at graduation. And now, with her being sick and everything... I wish I could help, but I can'. I'm swamped with my own finals. Yeah. All right. Sorry. Look at this! You're like animals! Somebody's got to clean this up, you know. But not me. That's right. They fired me. I guess I'm good enough... to drive an armored troop-transport truck through Tikrit, but not to polish the floors at Neptune high! Hey, anybody want to cut out of here? I might try to jump snake canyon. Who wants to go for a ride? What, no one? Where's my girl? Huh? G- g-g-Gia! Hey. Who are you calling? No one. I said, "who are you calling?!" Don't cry. A surpise! A long time ago, We used to be friends but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 2x21 "Happy Go Lucky"</i> Thomas Dohanic, or "Lucky," as he was known, was a very disturbed young man. I've learned from our sheriff's department that he just completed a tour in Iraq. Is it true the gun he had was filled with blanks? Yes. That has been confirmed. He was arrested for stalking your family. What was your relationship with mr. Dohanic? Honestly, we didn't really have one. He was a bat boy for the Sharks back in his teens. We had to let him go after some of the players complained about his job performance. Why do you think he took the gun to school? Was he looking for your daughter? I don't know. I doubt we'll ever be able to make sense out of the actions Look at that. His eyes are turning brown. I'm thinking about getting you some sort of giant hamster ball so you can roll everywhere in this protective sphere. It would just draw attention to me. Nobody likes a blonde in a hamster ball. So, I got into Lucky's apartment. He sent a whole bunch of e-mails to Woody, all from different e-mail addresses. What did they say? Nothing. There were attachments. Lucky trashed the original files. I'm hoping I'll be able to get ahold of them at Woody's. You really think Woody would keep threatening e-mails in his inbox? The way e-mail works on your standard POP account, Veronica, the e-mail remains on the server for a period of time... maybe a week, a month, longer. And then when you log on to your e-mail application, the mail is pulled down. If you don't want people to see it, you delete it. Yes, but the e-mail still exists on the server. So, all one has to do is find a seldom-used computer and hope that that computer hasn't downloaded the incriminating e-mail yet. And Woody must have six network computers in that house of his. So if you have his password... Which I do. I looked over his shoulder once when he was signing on. He should know. You never log in with a Mars nearby. Woody's got a Sharks dinner tomorrow night... a whole table reserved for the Goodman family. The coast should be clear. Actually,  it won't be. Gia is having her number-one study buddy over. So... Veronica. What? Why should you break in when I'm invited? Woody will be at the dinner. And  we both know... if it came down to it, I could take Gia. The password. Give it. You'll remember it. It's "mr. Goodwood. " I'm so not touching his keyboard. Wallace literally sailed over the table. Sailed. Then he just slams into this guy, just like, "bam!" and tackles him to the ground. Thank god he was there. He was pretty freaked out after, but he's doing okay now. What? I'm the one who's supposed to keep you safe. I'm supposed to make your life easier, and I've... I've made it a circus. Okay, no more pain-killers for you. Hey, you're out of your mind. My life is not a circus. No, it's the best it's ever been. There. Hello, son. You know, if you would have given Lilly the performance you gave today, she might have given you the oscar. I wanted to talk to you before you testify. We both know the D.A.'s gonna ask what you saw on those tapes. I think it's in your best interest that you don't tell him. Because I want so desperately for you to be free so we can be a family again? Logan, the moment that you say you saw those tapes, you will be admitting to destroying state's evidence. I'm gonna win this, son. And there's no sense in you being convicted of a felony. Oh, gee, dad, you're always looking out for me. Thanks for the advice. I don't know. Hey, Cassidy. Who's Amber? I have no idea. They keyed the wrong car? How's Amber gonna know that she's a bitch? No yeah... this is... this is hysterical. Do you know how much this is gonna cost to fix, not to mention how long it's gonna take? Hey, Veronica. Hey... ...You. Hart. I haven't said a thing. Good for you. Beav. I think I know someone who can help you. Finals are so stupid. We already learned this stuff. Why do we have to try and learn it all over again? You know what we should do? Take a break? I was thinking more, take a practice test. The company that does the textbook has one online. You're really a good student, Veronica. It's kind of sweet. Oh,  my god. It doesn't look that bad. No, I'm on myspace, and I used to have like a thousand friends, and suddenly, for some reason, now I only have 900-something. Oh, damn it. What? My computer just crashed. Is there another computer I can use? We have, like, 80 computers. There's one in the guest room you could use. No more cyber-friends, Gia. Health test. Lucky's e-mails... Lucky's e-mails... Lucky's e-mails... "Kill incorporation or else. " Or else what? We have to tell people what Woody did to the three of us.</i> It's gonna come out some day. A couple of the Sharks had to know about it.</i> They'll come forward. Things like this don't stay secret. Damn right. Woody's a pervert. He's sick.</i> What he did to us is wrong. We were just kids. Come on. Veronica. What are you doing in here? Hey, mr. Goodman. Gia said I could use the computer. I was taking a practice test, and my laptop died. I hope you don't mind. Come on, Veronica. Mi casa es su casa. So, how did it work out for you? Sorry? Your practice test. Are you as smart as you think you are? I hope so. I- I should get back to Gia. Mm-hmm. Gia? Where are you going? I have study fuel. I have to go. I get these headache things, and I feel one coming. It's the computer screen. All that squinting... it can't be good for you. Hmm, well, thanks. I'll see you tomorrow, Gia. Do you hear those voices in the background? Are they speaking french? We have to tell people what Woody did to the three of us.</i> Three of us. A couple of the sharks had to know... Didn't it just sound like two guys? Those gaps in the audio. I think another speaker was edited out of this recording. "A couple of the sharks had to know about it. " Lucky was a bat boy for the Sharks. And that's when he met Woody. Did lucky's e-mail say anything about being molested? It's hard to say. It's a lot of crazy rambling stream-of-consciousness ranting about war and the life of a soldier. It's hard to make sense of him. I'll help you. Honey. I want you to go to bed. You have a big day tomorrow. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you god? I do. Miss Mars, you find wealth and fame seductive, don't you? - Objection. - I'll back up. Your past two boyfriends, Duncan Kane and the accused's son, Logan Echolls, certainly fit that description, do they not? They do. And  Lilly Kane was your best friend. Yes. You looked up to her. Yes. Emulated her? To a degree. Is that why you propositioned mr. Echolls upon discovering the tape of Lilly and my client kissing? You mean naked kissing with Aaron on top gyrating? That tape? You watched the tape. You found mr. Echolls at the Kane party, and you told him that you'd give him back the tapes, but he had to earn them. What exactly did you mean by "earn"? I never said that. I didn't proposition mr. Echolls. He hid in my backseat. Miss Mars, you're how old? 18. And you're currently completing treatment -for a sexually transmitted disease? -Objection. I'll allow it. Should I repeat the question? I've completed the treatment. Are you okay? Yeah. I mean, you're okay. Everything's okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Sheriff, judge Ferris wants to see you A.S.A.P. You wanted to see me, judge? There's been a development, sheriff. It seems mr. Lobo here was struck by a bolt of lightning. What, that he could cash old ladies' social security checks himself and get rid of the slot machines? I was with Terrence cook at the time of the bus crash. There's no way he could be responsible for killing those kids. Are you sure you don't want to take another couple months to think it over? My memory isn't what it used to be. But I was watching this nature program about sharks, and I thought, "Sharks... My friend Terrence Cook played for the Sharks. " And I realized I haven't seen him since... well, that's when I went and checked my appointment calendar and saw it was the day of that terrible accident. If mr. Lobo takes the stand, the jury will find out about his... dealings. However, the jury might be more inclined to believe either my... corporate attorney or my chief financial officer. They were also with mr. Cook on the night in question. This is pointless. No, okay, look. So, you know quadratic equations, right? Do I look like someone who knows quadratic equations? I'm just trying to see what you already know. Zero. You want your car fixed? Teach me. Okay. Okay. All right look, so this equation right here, what do you think that we should do first? Am I a 5-year-old girl? Huh? Lay it out for me, dog. Come on, make me understand. Okay, okay. Okay, Okay, so let's say that you and your buddy you wanna buy a 12-pack of a certain item, say, like, spark plugs for "x" dollars, and you want to find out how many of another item, like, huh... I don't know, like oil, right, like oil that you can get for the same amount, except oil is "y" times as much as... if this is your idea of terms I'll understand, I'm going to kill you. Or myself. It's a toss-up. Screw it, man. I'll just cheat. No, but... what about my car? You know power buffers, right? Let's say your door panel is a summer home, right, and you need to clear out the south lawn to make a tennis court, - so... - F-O-I-L. That's all it is. First, outside, inside, last. All algebra... it's just the formula. Now, can you teach me that? You'll still fix his car? That's the deal. Okay, say you and your buddy buy a 12-pack of spark plugs. I'm just kidding. Here's the quadratic equation. Hello? Hello? I'm trying to reach Rick Pickett. No, Rick Pickett. He's a freshman. Well, maybe you... - Veronica. - Yeah? Can you fly to New York, stop by N.Y.U. real quick, find Rick Pickett, and see if he was one of the bat boys Woody molested? You know I don't fly coach. So, there were three other bat boys the year lucky worked for the Sharks. Two are away at college. One is backpacking through Europe. I'm not doing any better with Lucky's e-mails. What, you can't understand... "Time is the timeliness of the present" You should respond. "I've left you so many presents, if you don't find them, they'll find you. "</i> Wait. When I found lucky in the janitor's closet with Gia, he was showing her a scar he got in Iraq from a "present" left by the insurgents. He called roadside bombs "presents. " Oh, no. Woody, we need to talk. I'm a little busy today, Keith. Do want to have this conversation in private, or shall I just start talking? You need to call your family and get them out of the house. Then you need to call the bomb squad and comb the place. What are you talking about? The e-mails Lucky sent you... they reference "presents" he's left for you. He called bombs "presents. " Tommy is dead, Keith. It's over. Wait, how did you... Veronica. Most adults don't have their children doing espionage work for them. Most adults keep their hands off of other people's children. You should leave, Keith. I read Lucky's e-mails to you, Woody. It's clear to me this is more than simply a bat boy who resented getting fired. I'll put this plainly. You are mistaken. And if you share your theories, slander me, I'll ruin you. I'll ruin your family, and you'll remember the moment you walked through that door as the moment you threw your life away. I'm not a 15-year-old boy, Woody. You don't scare me. All right. Stand back. It's time to watch me work my culinary magic. Wait, don't you want to put on a little frilly apron first? - Jackie? - Dad? What are you doing here? They let me out. Your old man is a free man. I can't believe it. How did this happen? A witness came forward and verified that I didn't use a cellphone at the time of the bus crash. - So you get to stay? - Right here. I'm gonna let you two celebrate. Congratulations, mr. Cook. No, tonight I get to hang with my two favorite men in the whole world. What do you bet that'll be the first of many "I knew you were innocent all along" gift baskets? Hello? Out an hour, and you've some sweet young thing waiting on you. That's my Terrence. This is my daughter. Maybe you want to send her out for ice cream or something. Jackie? Let's go get started on dinner. Isn't there something you want to say to me? "Thank you, mr. Lobo. How could I ever repay you?" Ah, forget it. I consider it a business investment. Leonard, as soon as I get on my feet, I'm gonna... On your feet? You fixed a game, Cook. Your sport-hero days are over. You're a sideshow now. But you're right. You'll be on your feet... standing at the entrance of my casinos, glad-handing every bozo with a wallet who walks in. I don't know where you were at the time of the crash, but I know where you'll be from now on... wherever I put you. And if you work real hard, you'll have me paid off in a decade. After a week of forced smiles and the occasional "hey, it's time for business as usual" ain't epic love grand? Been to any good murder trials lately? Uh... I have. You give an excellent testimony, by the way. It was gripping. I want to ask you about something. How unlike you. You never come to me out of the blue with some random question. Did Lucky ever tell you anything about Woody Goodman or the time he spent as a bat boy for the Sharks? No, he never mentioned the sharks. But there was this weird... semi-baseball-related thing that happened last summer. Dude, I think I got gangrene. Yeah, uh... so, I need a keg delivered to the beach tonight. You know, they're doing something to me. Or... or... or I'm poisoning myself. He was wearing a catcher's mask? Really? And I thought the weird part was the foot-bleaching. You know, he'd wear the catcher's mask a lot... whenever we were "going into battle. " I thought it was an affectation. Veronica told me she was on her way home. When she didn't show up when she should have, I drove the route I knew she would have taken. I saw her car, stopped, got out. I heard a commotion in the back of a nearby house and went looking for Veronica. Then I was jumped. Well, mr. Echolls testified that after Veronica lost control of the car and crashed it, they knocked on the door of a nearby house, asked the owner to call a tow truck, and Veronica and Aaron waited on the man's porch. You arrived, saw your daughter in a compromising position, and started a physical altercation with mr. Echolls. And this version has been confirmed by the occupant of the house. Objection, the homeowner has disappeared, and despite being subpoenaed, has never been questioned by the prosecution. Sustained. Does you daughter ever lie to you, mr. Mars? I'm sure she's had occasion to fib. She is a teenage girl, after all. Other than the occasional fib, would you say that you have a close relationship? I would say very close. So, you would expect to hear the truth on what most people would call... the "big issues. " I would. Are you aware that your daughter was caught breaking into the home of Stewart and Rose Manning? No, I wasn't aware of that. She was also named in a disciplinary file of deputy Leo d'Amato. Apparently, she managed to... what's the word I'm looking for... manipulate her way into the records room while he was on duty. Did you know about that? If you thought I knew, you wouldn't be asking me, would you? For the court record, Mr. Mars, is that a "no"? Yes, it's a "no". Did your daughter have a personal relationship with mr. D'amato? Yes, they dated. The county commissioner hired you to investigate the stolen Echolls tapes. Your report suggested that Logan Echolls procured the tapes due to the negligence of d'Amato. That's correct. Doesn't that stand to reason that your daughter, who clearly had this deputy wrapped around her finger, manipulated him, in whatever way thet pretty young girls manage to manipulate older men, once again? You want to be careful there, mr. Lavoie. She knew the tapes didn't show what she said they showed, so she convinced one "boyfriend" to give them to another "boyfriend", who she knew would destroy them, thus deflecting blame from yet another "boyfriend", Duncan Kane. Any more air quotes, and I'll break those fingers off. Bailiff, have this witness taken. I'm fine, your honor. Witness can be excused. Okay, you put another "x" on that paper, and we're gonna have a problem. I'd put little smiley faces, but I don't know if that's going to sell "wrong". I told you you went too fast on balancing equations. I didn't go too fast. You ploughed right through. I didn't even understand what you were talking about. No surprise there. What, are you saying you're smarter than me? No, I wasn't. Here's what that would have sounded like... I'm smarter than you. You hear the difference? You don't really believe that. Then why did I get it tattooed on my hip? If this is what you need to do to feel better about yourself... if I get you an "A," will you shiv him? Hey, I got an idea. How about you two geniuses go work out your aggression in some coatroom and then come back here and teach me algebra, huh? So, I did a little digging. Without breaking any laws or putting myself in danger, and I did it at school, so you knew exactly where I was at the time. You understand why I don't find this amusing. I do. So what did you find out, Veronica? Logan told me he once found Lucky in the janitor's closet wearing only jeans and a catcher's mask and bleaching his feet. This is who they hire at my high school. He was wearing a catcher's mask? Yeah. Why, what are you doing? I want to look at the surveillance tape Lucky sent to Woody. I think I remember seeing something. I don't understand. What am I looking at? It's a painting behind the table. That's a catcher's mask. Inga? Keith Mars. Why is he filming the wall like that? I need you to call the bomb squad. There's a problem at the Goodman home. Woody's little-league team was called the Sharks? -Oh, my god. -I know, but I think lucky may have hid a bomb behind a painting in their dining room. Dad, you need to see this. Okay, but you'll let me know? Thank you. That's Marcos Oliveras. That's Peter Ferrer. Two of the boys who died in the bus crash were on Woody's little-league team... the Sharks. How long is this gonna take? This is ridiculous. They found something. There was a bomb under your car. They did a thorough sweep of the house. It's clear. Your stalker obviously meant business. Hey, late night, huh? I guess you're due for a couple rowdy evenings. I was working. So, what's this new job? You haven't told me anything. What kind of work do they have you doing? The kind of work I have to do, okay? Well, when's your night off? We still need to celebrate. I can't make any plans right now, Jackie. Okay, that's fine. It's not like we're pressed for time or anything. I've decided not to go to Paris... at least not for a semester. I don't think that's a good idea. I'm going to be working a lot now, and traveling nonstop. I don't know when I'm gonna be here, and when I'm not gonna be here. -It's not fair to you. -But I don't mind. It's not fair to either of us, Jackie, alright? I think it's in both of our best interests if you just go to France. Woody's a pervert. He's sick.</i> What he did to us is wrong. We were just kids. It's Marcos Oliveras and Peter Ferrer, two of the kids killed in the bus crash. I verified Peter's voice with his teacher, mr. Wu, and I have tapes of Marcos from a radio show he did. Woody molested Marcos and Peter. They were gonna come forward, so he killed them. -By putting a bomb on the bus. -Yes. Then he used the same type of phone-activated bomb on his own car to blow himself up. There was a bomb in Woody's car? You were right, Keith. You thought Lucky planted a bomb, and he did. Did you know that Lucky blew off work the day of the crash? Lucky is not responsible for this. You want to hear my theory on the whole situation? You are trying to get me to arrest the mayor. You want to turn me into a laughingstock again, and it ain't gonna happen. Is your ego really that enormous that you can take the murder of eight people and make it about you? If you don't act on this, Woody's gonna use all his money and resources to disappear. You won't be a laughingstock. You'll be the guy who let a child molester and a murderer get away! There was just some fuzz. Static, no picture. And then I saw Lilly, wearing only her bra, sitting on top of someone, writhing. I couldn't see who it was at first, and then they rolled over, and I saw my father. He climbed on top of her and continued to have sex with her. He actually smiled at the camera a couple times. You're certain they were having sex? Yes. No further questions, your honor. Your witness, mr. Lavoie. Mr. Echolls, you claimed you destroyed the tapes. You are aware that's a felony ? Yes. Were you granted immunity in exchange for your testimony? Yes, I was. Thank you. No further questions, your honor. I need to talk to someone about this. This boy that was killed... The night that he went missing, my boys saw someone attack him. They say they got a pretty good look. You boys feel like looking at some pictures? Congratulations, Eli. Oh, hell, yeah! It was this guy. Don... you got to see this. Lucky wasn't at work the day of the bus crash because he was in a padded cell at a V.A. Hospital. Sacks. I'll go pick Woody up. Well, I guess you heard. About what? The Echolls trial. The jury reached a verdict. I just took my last high-school test ever. Done. Over. I'm out of here. And you decided to celebrate by torturing me? What do you got? One more? Nothing like having your future rest on how much you know about the ascendency rules of babylon. Well, I got to go clean out my locker. You got that salmon I left in there for you, right? You better enjoy this 'cause this is as nostalgic as I get. I just wanted to say it was worth getting taped to a pole. [Adrienne Pierce - "Lost and Found"] I'm gonna miss you. And my stupid-ass face?  I got to go grab my stuff, then I'll pick up my lady, do a little celebrating. Sleeping with the television and all the lights on...</i> This conversation never happened. Sure it did. ...but we're both already gone. Stuck at the lost and found, we... watch things disappear.</i> Looking for the missing piece, but... it was never here...</i> The verdict is in... Afternoon, mr. Cook. I'm just picking up Jackie. She's not here, Wallace. Oh, well, she knows I'm coming, so... you mind if I wait? Jackie left for France this morning. She wanted me to give you this. I'm sorry. So, Lamb, you got Woody in custody yet? Woody's gone. He took his private plane. There's no flight plan on record. All rise. Foreman, has the jury reached a verdict? We have, your honor. On the count of murder in the second degree, we find the defendant... ...not guilty. On the count of aggravated assault, we find the defendant not guilty.