Did you know that your dad and my mom were king and queen of the prom? Mr Kane. Veronica, we meet again. What are the odds? It's been a year since my best friend Lilly Kane was murdered. And I know you're still investigating Lilly's murder. Solve the case and your mom comes home. So let's do it, let's solve the case. It's the footage of Abel Koontz's arrest. I know who you are Veronica Mars. My dad tried to save your life. Look in a mirror. Are you the product of a schluppy sheriff or the king and queen of the prom? So Jake Kane is your father. Deal with it, Veronica. Does Dad know? Did he go after Jake Kane so obsessively because of the affair? Oh god, does this mean- Is Duncan my- Those photos that were sent to Mom, the ones with me framed in a gun sight, was that how Jake finally stuck it to Dad, his old rival. If so, I'm taking this bastard down. Hard. I don't care whose father he is. This one was taken last year. downtown. My sole reason for being in that part of town was that Mom insisted I see a counsellor after Lilly died. Every Thursday for six weeks, Dr Dave and I stared across an ottoman at each other. But which Thursday? Book week? Miss Murphy, when was book week? Wow, now there's an attitude I like to see in our post-literate age. Don't worry, Veronica. It's still months away. Last year's book week? It's always the first week in February. OK. Now I know which Thursday. In the picture, I'm standing in this exact spot. Whoever took those photos had to be sitting at this exact table. It's the only one where the angle matches. Dated and time-stamped. Gotcha. Can you tell me if you keep all your receipts. Is it possible for you to pull just the ones from February 4th between 4:45 and 5:30? Someone's been stalking me. My god. I'm positive whoever took these shots was sitting at that table over there. Clarence Wiedman. Big mistake paying with a credit card. And there he is. The man who took surveillance photos of me. Well, wouldn't you know? Kane Software? Main number please. The number you requested is 555-0125. Kane Software. How may I direct your call? Give me Clarence Wiedman, please. You've reached Clarence Wiedman, Head of Security, Kane Software. Please leave a message. And there it is. I know who's responsible for scaring Mom away. So if Jake Kane is my biological father that information is gonna be worth millions. And after what that family has done to mine. I intend to collect. What happened to you? It's nothing. A little collision at home. Now, cover your eyes and give me your hand. A collision at home? Did you fall in the garbage disposal? No, no, home plate. Safe! Did you see a doctor? Honey, it's fine. Chicks dig scars, now come on. Ya gotta see this. What is your deal? You're jacked up like some hillbilly kid who just stumbled into Daddy's meth lab. Hey, come on. Sit! It's a water bed. All right. Come on, you've wanted one of these things since you were, like, five years old. I also wanted to marry Vanilla Ice and build the world's largest collection of Z-bots. You asked me, no you begged me for a water bed like four years in a row. It was your obsession. It's all coming back to me now. The way you explained it, Santa was cool with the basic concept, but had grave doubts about second floor deployment. That well known, bed-rock pragmatism of elvish culture. But I gotta tell ya. If it had been my call, I would've- You're so full of it but it is incredibly sweet of you. Yard sale, right. Ten bucks maybe. No. It's okay. You forgot to remove the masking tape price tag sticker. Besides, our money situation being what it is, I'm glad you didn't blow your wad on a whim gift for me. Well, you'll be even gladder to know that I got us a throw in with some old Gordon Lightfoot LPs. I love you. Yeah, you too. Well, anyway, sorry it took so long to get Santa's old dead ass in gear. Night, sweetie. Night. He was as well adjusted a kid as you could ever want to meet. Ah, secure, extroverted, lots of friends and school activities. Super popular, super focused. Girlfriends, top grades, not into the drug scene as far as we could tell. Definitely not a druggie. Casey is just not the kind of kid who just up and joins a cult. Well, it's actually the ones who seem to have everything that so often go off- I know what you're thinking. Spoiled rich boy raised in a soulless lap of luxury, no material whim denied, no spiritual need met. Six weeks ago, Casey kisses me goodbye and drives to school, same as always. But he never comes home. He says he's gone off to live at some place called the Moon Calf Collective and basically, thanks for all you've done guys but I can take it from here. The Porsche. That's right, the Porsche. He sold his Boxster and gave all the money over to the cult. Look, Mr Mars, here's what we need and what we're prepared to pay handsomely for you to do. - Thank you, Mr Mars. - Thank you, you're welcome. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. Now what? I'm trying to draw a blood sample. Our health teacher said she'll give extra credit for anyone taking a self-administered HIV test. I ordered this thing online but... I am seriously punking on this fingerstick. This is so endearing. My badass, action figure daughter is afraid to draw a teensy little drop of blood. You know, if you really were a good father, you'd let me draw some of your blood for the test. Nobody'll know the difference. Besides, you've been sexually active, I haven't. Oh for crying out loud, you're serious about this, aren't you? Let me have that. You wuss. So those are the parents of Casey Gant, you know him? Unfortunately, yeah. He's just another slice off the loaf of shallow vapid pain-in-the-ass 09erdom. Hmm, well, despite your assessment his parents are still a little irked about his decision to run off and join a cult. He joined a cult? What do they worship? Wedgies, keggers, their parents' platinum cards? It doesn't matter. He's 18 so there's little the law can do. If we get him back, the Gants are offering a five grand bonus so it's time to focus like the proverbial laser. Target acquired and locked on. What they'd be paying us for is proof of any unlawful activity out there like firearms, drugs, kidnapping, anything'll work. All we need is a sound legal basis for the Sheriff's Department to shut 'em down. I'm still with ya. This boy is a classmate of yours. Maybe you can find something that'll shed some light. You know, his parents say he's still showing up at school. For a five thousand dollar bonus, I'll get you his genetic code. Veronica, do not, under pain of slow, agonising death even think about going to the compound yourself. I'll run the title search, do the background check, take the recon shots, all of that, nous comprenons nous? Mais oui. Gotcha Frenchie. Okay. So there's no health class extra credit. There is, however, an online company that does paternity testing. I need to know, without a doubt, who my father is. - Hey. - I am not ready to face Duncan. Too many sweet memories have become chilling what ifs. Hacky Sack? The final arena of unquestioned white domination. New crush? Hardly. That's Casey Gant. He sold his Porsche, joined a cult and took up Hacky Sack. He looks normal enough. Not if you knew him before. The prisoners pray when they're on death row. Hear the angels sing. The junkie cries for love but it's all run out. Go on, Eli. When the angels sing, the sins of the world And it's cold on the streets and you're all alone And the tears, they start to fall When it all comes down, hear the angels sing. Casey Gant! You can learn good manners or go see Mr Clemmons. Eli, it's amazing work. You're doing great. Miss, that's not original poetry. That's a Social Distortion song. Is that true Eli? I know who'll give me all the dirt I want. Who? His ex-girlfriend. I'm as clueless as anyone about this trip he's on. I mean one day, he's totally cool, the next he's like alien lobotomy boy. Any explanation? Nothing that made a bit of sense. He started babbling about renouncing the toxic death style of late-stage capitalist society and un-remembering the consumer siren song. I think compost even came up too, once. It was just so bizarre. I mean, I had to cut him loose. Did he talk about any new friends he'd made, before he started weirding out, I mean? No, but... you know what? I think he's got something going on with Miss Mills. You mean, like, sexually? Yeah. It got to where they were doing everything together. He even started working for the literary magazine. I mean, this is the same guy who's been downloading every writing assignment since the seventh grade. He used to think Cliff Notes were for the intellectual posers. There's no way they're not getting it on. Ah, how to get in tight with the lit-mag crowd. I've got it. Become one of them. The attributes and style of crap teen poetry: must be written in a funky colour of ink, must include dominant themes of alienation, sexual ambivalence, self-loathing, death, etcetera. Dad! You're an ex-cop. You know gangland enforcer types. Can't you find someone to intimidate the maintenance supe into fixing the hot water problem? Honey, he swears he's putting all new copper pipes, new five thousand gallon tank, the works. That nimrod has been feeding us the same line for five months. Just try to tough it out. Hey, if we get that five grand bonus, maybe we can go look for a new place. Ten-o-five, ladies and gents, time to get cracking. Hope y'all have those editorial content analyses I signed last week. Everybody good? Okay then, let's break into groups of four and start comparing notes. Can you feel the luv? Hey, Veronica! Miss Mills, what's up? I, um, read the poem you submitted for the literary journal, "I Cut Because I Can". Oh, yeah. Um, there are a bunch I thought about submitting but that one seemed more... I don't know, relevant to where I am now. So, are you going to publish it? Well, you have a very unique outlook, Veronica. You know, if you ever feel like sharing, there's a place where you're always welcome to do so. We're kind of like family. Yeah, I have some friends who work on your literary magazine and they say it's really cool. Actually, I'm, uh, I'm talking about the folks out at the Moon Calf Collective. That's where I live. Something tells me you'd really enjoy visiting. If you'd like I could even take you out there today. How's that sound? So Miss Mills lures kids out to cult headquarters? That sounds... great. I'm ready to go whenever you are. Wait, what did Dad say about going out there? Come on over. This is all so amazing. I feel like I'm on a movie set or something. Thank you so much for inviting me Miss Mills. Ah, around here I'm just Holly. And as far as you can see is all ours. You should take some time later, wander around and get a feel for the place. Just stay out of the barn; you do not want to go in there, trust me. Hey, way to throw me off your trail, Holly. "Wander freely, don't go in the barn, whatever you do"? Maybe I should play this needy, despondent waif card more often. Come meet my man. Well, really he kind of owns all of us. Hey. Forbidden barn? Check. Implied polygamy? Check. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a cult. Veronica, this is Josh. Hey there. Hi. Help. I knew I should have included a few discreet lesbian overtones in that poem. Hey, Veronica. I heard you were coming but I had to see to believe. Yeah, I don't blame you. This is...off my beaten path a bit. But now that I think about it, it makes perfect sense that you'd wind up here sooner or later. Yeah. Cool, well I'm sure I'll be seeing a lot more of you and I'll catch up with you later, okay? Veronica, it's only a few hours 'til dinner time. Why don't you stay and join us. As you can see, the gardens have really blessed us this year. Sure, that would be great. I'm starving. All I had today was... Beef Mexi-Melt and some Cinnamon Crispas. Those Crispas are awesome, aren't they? Frankly, I'd give my body to anybody for one of those Chocolate Taco Ice Cream deserts. Believe it or not, I think we can raise the culinary bar a bit higher. As you can see, we get a lot done through team work. In fact, if you want to jump in, you're more than welcome, if you're interested. Ah, sure. Fair warning though. My idea of gourmet cooking is sprinkling on some three year old Bacos to my microwave soup. Yeah, same here actually. But most of us are just grunt workers anyways. We find our satisfaction in realizing the visions of chef Django here. The secret ingredient's love. I'm Rain. Glad to meet you. Veronica. Likewise. So, this thing you're doing seems easy enough, even I can do it. Where do I start? Actually, I've just about done here but I'll hook you up with a job that's a little more fun. That's a good girl, Isis. See Veronica? It's pretty easy once you get the rhythm down. Easy for you but I'm not getting a freaking drop. She may be a little nervous. Are you nervous, sweetie? Okay, got the youngest moonie away from the herd. Time to dig up dirt. So I guess you can tell I learned all I know about country life from "Dr Quinn, Medicine Woman" reruns. What do you mean? Well, for example, I was under the assumption that milking takes place in, you know, a barn. Well, sometimes, I guess. But I don't think there's any hard, fast rule though. So Josh is cool, huh? He's kind of sexy. Really? I hadn't really noticed, but, you're right, he's a great guy. You're really gonna enjoy getting to know him. I'll bet. Holly says it's looking like a kick-ass harvest this year. I don't think I asked what you guys were growing. I guess you could say it's the ultimate cash crop. Yahtzee. And what's that? I can't even begin to describe it. But it'll blow your mind. Enough, already with this mellow incense and peppermints vibe. Let's break out the mushrooms and dance naked! Strap on the goat skull headgear, sacrifice a few infants. Come on, people, you're cultists. Start acting like it. Veronica, over here. Hey, Mars! Why don't you come on over here? I feel like I gave you the hit and run treatment earlier. Wow. It's Bizarro world. Out here I'm Miss Popular. I'm serious. Look, we've been going to classes together for, what, three years? And... I don't think we actually ever really talked. Lately, I feel like I've been missing out on a lot. Okay. So how was everybody's day? What's up? I woke up scared. I felt like I was in a dream of peace and happiness... Do not roll your eyes, Veronica. You're undercover. It's strange, isn't it? How we believe more in the reality of... Pain. ...suddenly I realised I was conscious only of my own voice and delivery. I was like directing myself in a play... I have to watch that all the time myself. This is scary. I'm 32 years old and I feel like I'll never have a better moment than this. Veronica Mars. Hey, how 'bout a big Moon Calf welcome for the honoured guest. Veronica's a writer, a poet. She has a unique voice I think you'd all appreciate. Would you honour us with the one you showed me earlier? I was just reading in last month's "Koreshian Bride" that four out of five cult leaders like their handmaidens nubile, flighty, and teetering on the edge of a breakdown. Go for it, Veronica. I'm sorry, I have to go. There. That performance should have them asking me back. Veronica! Are you all right? Oh, god, I'm so sorry everybody. I was freaked out and just wanted someplace to sit and pull myself together before driving. Oh, it's my fault, Veronica. I shouldn't have teased you earlier with all that stuff about the forbidden barn. This is a little project we're undertaking. One of our neighbours was going to put down Hildegard here. We're nursing her back. Slowly but surely. You're covered in mud. See? That's why you make the big bucks. So what'd you find out about my boy, Casey? His ex-girlfriend confirms what his parents said. He's a full blooded cultist. I can't get it out of my mind. Somewhere in Pennsylvania, a lab tech is determining if I'm heir to a billion dollar fortune. It's not about the money, it's about making Jake Kane pay. But if I am an heiress, as God is my witness I'll never take cold showers again. Casey! Hey. Wait up. I'm so ashamed of myself... for my meltdown last night. I was a rampaging jackass. Have you forgotten who you're talking to? I'm Casey Gant, okay? I wrote the jackass Bible, the jackass Koran, the jackass Talmud. Why don't you come back out? It'd mean a lot to me. Of course, if I'm not an heiress, Dad and I could really use this five grand and if it means me having to save this homely boy from cultists, so be it. Veronica. I can't tell you how happy I am to see you again. I guess, uh, you can see everyone else feels the same way? Get your game face on, Mars. I'm floored. Hey, listen, would you like to join me for a walk? I knew it. This is when the cult leader claims me as his new bride. I'm not judging you, I'm just, I'm saying what you already know. That fake fur was a poor choice to infiltrate utopia? You've built this fortress around yourself. Now, it does offer a limited amount of protection but it also keeps other people and all they have to offer at bay, starving your soul. Now, you might want to consider... opening yourself up. Letting other people inside. Let other people inside? Got anyone particular in mind? Maybe if I discreetly flash Mr Taser... So, has anyone told you what we grow here? I heard it was the ultimate cash crop. That it is. Impressive, isn't it? Aren't these poinsettias? And Christmas is right around the corner. See, we never would have been able to finish off the greenhouse if Casey hadn't given us that money. I wish I wasn't so broke right now, otherwise, I'd try to chip in too. Oh, well our goal isn't to be a charity case. I mean, it's not that we have anything against money, it's just, it's kind of like water, you know? Lots of symbolic power but really just a lifeless substance when you get right down to it but the paradox is that life as we know it would be impossible without it, if you see what I'm saying. You're saying you don't want my money, you don't want my body, you don't want me working in your ganja fields, you just want me to be happy. Strange. Hey, listen up everybody. This is important. We've got South of the County Water Department who's out here to check for lead in the pipes so try not to use the water for the next fifteen to minutes, all right? That's it. I'm dead. There ya are. What the hell were you thinking Veronica? That's got to be the worst decision I've ever seen by someone who wasn't literally brain damaged. Since when do you reserve the right to totally blow of my instructions? Does my judgement, my concern for your safety carry that little weight with you? I'm sorry. Dad, I screwed up, big time, I know. Trust me. I'll be following your game plan the rest of the way. They just seem so harmless. What is your basis for that call? The absence of swastikas engraved on their foreheads? Please, reassure me that you aren't that dense. I'm sorry. Really. So did you plant any bugs when you were out there? Yes. You've been listening in? Heard anything incriminating yet? Nope. It's like listening to "The Brady Bunch" with a reggae soundtrack. What about your background check on Josh? Anything shady, out of line? Up until four years ago, he was a manager of a downloadable ring development team at E-Tones. One day without warning he quit his job, cashed out his stock and used it to buy the land for the collective. Holly's totally clean as well. So what's our next step? There's no "our" about it. You are officially off this case. I'll take it home from here. What? That makes... no sense whatsoever! Aren't you even interested in what I've learned? What's the point, Veronica? I'm prepared to admit that these Moon Calves probably don't merit the full ATF fire-bombing treatment. I mean, my guess is they're just a bunch of tie-dyed Oliver Twists who scam naïve kids to pay the bills. Mr Gant. I'm sure you have a lot to report but first there's something you need to know. Mr Mars, my mother, Casey's grandmother, is dying. She had a severe stroke on Tuesday night, she's effectively brain dead and not expected to make it more than a couple of days. My condolences. Thanks. This has been a tough disorienting time for us. Even more so because of something else we've just learned from her attorney. What's that? If she dies, the bulk of her fortune, about eighty million dollars, goes to Casey. Well we're afraid he's simply gonna hand it all over to that cult. I appreciate that information. And, um, I wish I could say that I found something that we could nail them on but that's not the case. I mean, not yet anyway. At least you should know that I've seen no evidence that Casey's in danger. I'm sorry to contradict you, Mr Mars. But I have substantial experience with these groups. The sooner we get him off that farm, the better. If you're current strategies aren't working, perhaps you should try something new. Any relevant experience you can share, I'll be happy to consider it. What's your background, anyway, if you don't mind my asking? Technically, my field is SMSPI. Systematic Manipulation of Social and Psychological Influence. One vulgar term is deprogramming. No kidding. I've heard of that. How does that work, anyway? In simple terms, I control the elements of a subject's social and psychological environment to eradicate undesirable modes of behaviour. I'm then able to instil or re-instil desirable ones. I'm quite good at my work. Yeah, I bet. We just want Casey back home again. Soon. This is a sensitive situation and we ask that you proceed accordingly. Of course. Not to sweat you, V, but when will we see the FBI-Swarms-Coke-Compound headline? The case is dead in the water. We found diddly squat on the Moon Calves and I seriously doubt that there's anything to find. Plus, my dad caught me out at the farm so now it's seriously off limits. Dang. As if that weren't enough, I'm starting to doubt the whole rationale for what we're doing. Casey, noxious, overbearing 09er butthead Casey has become a really sweet guy and I think this so-called cult deserves most of the credit. Sounds to me, Veronica, like you've been drinking the Kool-Aid. I have not. You better recognize. Thank you for being my own personal "Springer" audience. Should I check myself before I wreck myself? All I'm saying is, is you may be getting a little soft. - Right and I'm... - Hey, Veronica. Listen, I've got to go visit my grandma in the hospital after school. Do you want to come with me? Yeah, sure Casey, I'd love to. Good. Soft, soft. It's so hard to see her this way. Wanna hear something sad? Sure. My parents' fortune. Every last nickel of it comes from Grandma's publishing company. Mom and Dad had nothing to do with it. Grandma provided for everything. Then, a couple of years ago when she started having strokes, started forgetting stuff, my parents, who call her Grandmonster behind her back, just stopped paying any attention to her. It's amazing how much better they started treating me once they found out that she decided to leave all her money to me. So, how long have they known she was willing her money to you? They've known for a year. I wish I could come with you. I know. Thanks for spending all this time with me. You know, if you wanted to, you could. Crazy thing? I do want to. Rain? That must be good milk. Recognise her? That's Rain. One of the girls from the collective. Real name, Debbie Myer. She's a runaway, a minor. So we gotta call the Gant family right away. Hold it, hold it. Please Dad. Let's think about this for a minute. This is what we're working for. We were praying for a break and now you gave it to us. Don't tell me the prospect of having new digs and steady hot water doesn't sound good to you. And we can't just blow this off, Veronica. They're contributing to the delinquency of a minor. It's a serious crime. Oh, please, Dad, you've been around these people. Do you honestly think they're corrupting anyone? I think they're exactly what they seem to be; a bunch of sweet, naïve, sixties throwbacks. That's possibly true but definitely beside the point. Even if they are the Utopian sweethearts you think they are, we don't answer morally or otherwise to the Moon Calf Collective. We answer to our clients who pay us to do a job and that job is to find the information they want. Hey, Veronica. Casey told me you were out at the farm last night. I wish you could have stayed a while, it was so beautiful. The moon was so bright, you could almost read by it. Holly, there's something you need to know about, right now. The thing is I work for my dad who's a private detective, okay, and... Mr Clemmons just called me to his office. My grandma died this morning. Oh, Casey. Josh, Holly. I've done something I regret. I found out that Rain was a runaway. I told my dad about it. You have to get her the hell out of there right away. It's okay, Veronica. We get the picture. Everything's gonna be just fine. We appreciate you being up front with us. If you'll excuse us. Ah, come join us later if you like. Thanks, Josh. I won't keep him long. I appreciated you being here. For no reason that I can see, you've been a real friend to me lately. Can you really say that after what I just told you? I guess I don't think that you were faking the kindness. Am I wrong? Well, I guess I better go have this conversation with my parents. They wanna hear that I'm not going to let them starve. Hey, come on, what are you doing? Hey! Hey! What are you doing to him? Stop! Stop! Dad! We have to call the police, Casey's just been kidnapped. What? What are you talking about? Kidnapped by who? By his parents and that creepy guy that was with them at the last meeting. They grabbed him in the parking lot at the funeral and shoved him in the limo and drove away. They grabbed him? So it was against his will, then? He tried to get away? No, it's not like he was running from them. I was kind of far away but I could tell he was surprised by what was happening. Okay. Okay. I wasn't there. You saw what you saw, I'm not doubting your interpretation but if I was still sheriff and somebody told me an 18 year old kid got into a car with his parents after his grandmother's funeral, well there's nothing I could do about it. Not for a couple of days anyway so let's just hold off. See what happens, okay? I wish we hadn't turned over that information about the collective. We didn't. What? You didn't... I thought about what you said, what I heard on the wire tap and, uh, you were right. Once you get past all the sixties theme park trappings, that community's a lot more wholesome and functional than, just for example, Neptune is. I also did a little checking on Debbie Myer. What a life. Poor kid's been in four foster homes since she was eight years old. Reports of serious abuse in at least two and I had to admit it, she's a lot better off where she is. With each day that passes, I come more to terms with the question of my paternity. What's this? Free Crab Rangoon with purchase of Happy Family Dinner at Wok'n'Roll. Phat. Don't think I didn't notice the sacrifice. My pleasure. I sent off for those test results because I wanted the truth. But can a lab tech really see the shape of my soul in a drunken conga line of genes? Jake Kane could be my father. But whether he is or isn't, would I really claim him as such and deny the man who raised me? Veronica, wait up! What's up? Oh. Now that's a sweet ride. What's up, Veronica. The DNA test results. It's my call now. I can open this letter and find out if my dad is really my dad. If he's not, then I'm almost certainly the daughter of Jake Kane and, consequently, an heiress. Hey, Dad. Honey, I don't mean to ask a silly question but is, is it really necessary that you do that right now? Yeah.