this, their heads shaved before this administration listens to our demands. Shut down the fraternity houses! Parker's in there with some guy. Don't mind me. I thought it was just sex. It didn't occur to me that it was against your will. Thanks, Veronica. Thanks for thinking I'm the slut of the world. This is a bad idea. No, it's not. You only thinks it's not 'cause you came up with it. Ergo, how could it be bad? Math, sweetie. Me plus idea equals good. You were expecting Sidney Poitier? No jokes. No innuendoes, no quips. Don't even think of alluding to having seen me naked or having touched any part of my body that does not have fingers. Can I mention that my eyes adored you? I got it. No calling you bobcat, no talk of milky thighs. Go home! Veronica, I won't say anything bad. So, how's school going, Logan? Well, I'm actually not hating it. My grades aren't exactly... Oh, Hearst took him in late because of his high test scores. Oh, what classes are you taking? Where is this going? My end game is to find out what classes Logan is taking. Just core stuff, you know, sociology, freshman comp. Mass com, which is kinda coming in handy. You know, apparently being the offspring of a murderer doesn't get old. I'm getting all these interview requests. Larry King wants me to come on with O.J.'s kids. Oh, you thinking about it? No. Why's that? Time out! Can we stay in the shallow end, please? I'm sorry. I think it's a good call. I was just curious as to your reasons. I didn't realise I had to have the conversation vetted. I would've been happy to veto questions for you ahead of time. Mmm, that would've been nice, huh? We could've packed a lunch and made a day of it. Missed opportunity, if you ask me. A mistake you can learn from. What then exactly am I allowed to ask Logan about? Hobbies? Surfing? What's the attraction? Don't answer that. Mac's in Bakersfield. Her great aunt died and... she got the call last night. Look. You live with one of my best friends. I'm gonna keep coming here. And having doors shut in my face is gonna get... old. I have surprisingly strong legs and an hour before my next class. Well. You wanna have a rap session? Maybe in our P.J.s? We can eat brownie batter and do each other's nails. Do you really think that when I walked in her that night, I thought "Hmm. Look. Parker's getting raped. Now where are those movie tickets?" No. You just figured the whore was getting her freak on. So, you're really mad because I thought you were a whore? Because lots of people think I'm a whore. Don't pretend for a second to understand how I'm feeling. I understand exactly what you're feeling, Parker. I've been understanding since Shelly Pomroy's end-of-the-year party, summer of 2004. I'd give you the details, but they're a little fuzzy. Uh, I-I didn't... I had no idea. Not something I open with. But now that I've got your attention, I will find out who raped you. That's job one. Parker, hi, I'm Nish. I'm the editor of the Hearst Free Press and I'd... Veronica. It's good to see you. And that's where we differ. I was hoping we could talk. I'd be a little careful. She's a friend of yours? Parker. I'm doing an article on the serial rapes, and I've interviewed most of the other victims and I... I don't want to be interviewed. One question, then. You were at the Theta Beta sorority party, the night you were attacked. Do you remember seeing any of the Pi Sig brothers there? The first tier of your trust fund was intended to last until your twenty-first birthday, Logan. At the rate you're burning through it, you've got fourteen months, maybe. Yeah, I looked at the statement. I should be getting more money. You think because you still have checks, you still have money. I'm not saying I deserve more. I'm saying there's money missing. It's complicated. All right, then I'll talk to my lawyer, see if he can't figure it out. I'll do you one better. We'll send all your financial records right over. You're not showing me porn? No. Is it a fuzzy, new-born kitten? Look the meeting with Avi Kaufman, bean counter to the stars, didn't go very well. My trust fund's evaporating faster than it should. I think he's skimming off the top. My dad has got a great accountant. I'm thinking I need more of a private detective to help me nail this guy to the wall. Well, show me the records. I'm sure I can make sense of- Go get 'em, bobcat. Veronica Mars 3x04 "Charlie Don't Surf" Hi. Um, I don't have an appointment. Do you remember me by any chance? From Judge Crawford's Christmas parties, of course. Harmony, right? Right. You helped me with my tyre that one year. And you thanked me profusely every year after that. Sit, sit, please. What-What can I do for you? Um, well, uh. You ever heard this one before? I think my husband's having an affair. You didn't know I was married. I didn't. Everyone's always surprised. You can wear a ring, but if the husband's never around... So, what makes you think he's involved with someone? Working late, mysterious calls, last minute business trips. I keep looking for the lipstick on his collar just so it's full-on trite but... then there's the fact that we're in a loveless marriage, he's a kind of glorified roommate these days who happens to be a fantastic father. I had settled into that being my life, happy daughter, façade of happy marriage... And then you got a couple "don't wait up" calls. I can't just leave for me. I need a reason. Do I sound awful? Russian literature, between Tolstoy and Turgenev. I liked the other place you worked better. Think maybe that's because we had food there? Did you see this? "Pi Sig frat common thread in campus rapes." There was a Pi Sig event the night of every attack. There's a little graphic and everything. Coloured ink. It must be true. The last girl, Claire, was at the Pi Sig haunted house the night she was raped. I trust Nish as far as I can throw her, but I can't throw those frat boys very far either. I'm feeling pretty anxious to give it a try, though. Can I help you? Do you know which one of these is Veronica's? Oh, guess so. This is so freaky. I've totally been to this complex before. We had to pick up our maid here once. Is Veronica home? Honey? Ah, it's like a little kitchen area, huh? Oh, it's so awesome. If you're not gonna shoo it out with a newspaper, I'm stepping on it. Hey, buddy. Hope it's not weird me just showing up. I can't believe I've known you forever and you've never had me over. You left a flaming bag of dog poo in front of our door one time. That was kind of a play date. You need me to... It's fine. You guys are cute. Dick! Why are you here? You saw that article about the Pi Sig house, right? That girl Claire gets raped after one of our parties, and suddenly, school's all in a bunch. There's like this hearing scheduled to try to get us kicked off campus, and that's where you come in. I get to do the kickin'? You get to be the spy who loves me. The guys were really impressed with how you cleared the frat of the rape last year. Were they? That means so little. They knew we had, like, this connection. So, they sent me here to hire you. We need you to do your Veronica thing and prove it's a pack of lies. Is it? A pack of lies? We're a frat. Why rape the cow when you're swimming in free milk? Maybe you guys should hire someone you don't disgust. They don't care about the disgusted thing. They want you. I'll need full access to the fraternity. I need to know everything about the night of the haunted house. My fee is fifteen hundred up front. Really? That's what you guys make? That's the Pi Sig rate. Okay. And you'll need to leave right now before I change my mind. Who knew that when opportunity knocked, it would look like a horny surfer? Thank you. And he hand-delivered an invitation into the belly of the beast. Hello? Hi, it's Keith Mars. Can I guess? She's blonde, twenty-two, no visible pores, and pierced navel. Nope. Nope, looks like he's, uh, really working late. I've been parked by his car all night. Really? Huh. The office on the bottom floor, right? Yeah. So, you're just sitting there looking at his car? Yeah. It's glamorous, I know. At least it's your job. I did it a couple of weeks ago for sport. I was so sure he was cheating, I decided to follow him. I wore a hat and sunglasses. Not my finest hour. No more I Love Lucy reruns for you. Hey, we should have a bet. She's blonde and twenty-two, you owe me a beer. Goodnight, Harmony. Goodnight. My accountant said she'd be finished looking over Logan's files this afternoon. Snazzy. Are we start going to church or are you addressing the junior league? Bland is the new hot. Is it possible your boyfriend's financial problems are just his champagne wishes and caviar dreams biting him on the ass? One solid-gold foosball table and a couple of man servants and suddenly he's spendy. Umm, did you trip and fall onto sandalwood, musk, and a hint of spicy citrus or is that cologne? It's aftershave. I'm going to traffic court. Sexy traffic court? Nice shoes. You change your major to Women's Studies? Yuck it up, fancy pants. Hello. In here! Oh, I hope it's okay. I only have twenty minutes, so I brought lunch. Oh, I'm booked pretty solid too. Oh, it's a good thing I brought a whole pie then. Thank you. It's very thoughtful. So... The woman who dropped Marvin off is named Carly Hearn. Wow! How 'bout that. I take it you know her. Yeah. Carly works at Reilly International. Marvin does a lot of business with them. He once told me that she was the smartest woman he's ever met. I only saw her dropping him off. It's possible it was just business. Having such a weird reaction to this. I'm supposed to be jealous, right? I think you should probably just feel however you're feeling. I feel strangely impressed... and relieved. I was sure it was going to be a cocktail waitress putting herself through massage school, and my daughter would want me to buy her tank tops with "Bootylicious" across the front. I think Carly went to Yale. Brown. Still. You ever tie your husband's tie? When entering a frat house full of accused rapists, the pants suit is a solid wardrobe choice. It's fashion's way of saying, "Move along, nothing to see here." Hey, you better leave me a slice, bro. Hey, Veronica. Yeah, hey. So, I'll need to know where each frat brother was at the time of the rape. Isn't the best way to clear us to figure out who really did it? That's what I'm doing. I need to know who saw what. Yeah, fine. Whatever you want. So, the newspaper said that the last thing Claire remembered from the night of her attack was buying a drink in front of the haunted house. Do you remember who was serving drinks? Uh, it was Charleston. Uh, you don't want to talk to him, though, he's an idiot. Your last name is Chu? Yeah. Charleston Chu? My first name's really Hsiang. Look. I just poured flat soda into plastic cups. I don't know anything about the rape. Wow. I didn't even have to ask. Did you work the stand all night? I guess. I don't remember every second, so, yeah, I probably served her a drink. Doesn't mean I raped her. Nope, it just means you're the most likely suspect, token, and when the media circus starts, you know, like it did at Duke, that whole lacrosse rape scandal, who do you think they're gonna get to do the perp walk on the six o'clock news. You're supposed to be working for us. Okay, wait! Wait up. Wait. All right, there's... there's more. Once the bank for the refreshment stand reached five hundred dollars, we were supposed to bring it up to Chip's room, right, 'cause he's in charge of the cash. So, I did but his door was locked. I heard noises, I started knocking, and then... then, like, Chip whips open the door, pissed off and out of breath. 'Cause that's where his StairMaster is? He was buck naked and sweaty. Like I caught him in... Flagrante. No, in the middle of sex. Can you believe what's going on outside? No more rapes at Hearst, women's safety first. They're here. You arrested the wrong guy? Totally wrong guy. I'd march him away, he didn't say a word, like he was relieved just to have an excuse to get out of the house. Now that was a rocky marriage. Hey, Veronica. Hey, yourself. Veronica, the liberator of lobsters? Awe, I never knew. A single lobster, once, from the Chart House when I was seven. He tells that one to all the new clients. Uh, you know, Harmony, I, um, 'm actually expecting another appointment coming in. Of course. Okay, I'll talk to you. Yeah, I'll be in touch. Thanks. Bye. Bye. I spoke to my accountant, and, uh, your business manager doesn't appear to be stealing anything. The Echolls estate contributes ten thousand dollars a month to an organisation called Aaron's Kids, and that's where the missing money is going. And Aaron's Kids? Is that my dad's pathetic excuse for a charity? I hope that helps clear things up for you. Hey, I'm sorry it took so long. I went out for a Thai and ended up getting a massage. You should have been more specific. Your dad's charity, Aaron's Kids, was a non-profit corporation that shut down years ago. Aaron's Kidz, spelled with a Z, is still in business, however. It's chairman is Avi Kaufman, your dad's business manager, and this Aaron's Kidz isn't even remotely a charity. Hey, you think I should dangle Kaufman out of a window by his ankles? How 'bout you numb your fury with grease and fat, until I can do a little more homework? Reason, huh? Not sure I like it. Here's a fun thing to say to your beau. Mind if I go put the screws to someone? Go ahead, screw your brains out. Whoa! What happened to your mitts? Let me guess. It involved a cookie jar. I was working the boo room at the haunted house. "Boo room"? You know, it's a staple of haunted houses. It's pitch black, we dress like cat burglars, jump out, yell "boo." So your hands ended up bruised how? Uh, I was crouched down and one of the guys stomped on 'em. Hmm. Okay, next question, and this one's tougher. Who were you knocking boots with that night? The night Claire was raped, you were naked and sweaty, locked in your room with some mystery girl. Charleston's pretty chatty, huh? Ah, that boy scares easy. A problem is just an opportunity in disguise. Tell me who you were with, I'll confirm it and you're in the clear. No, I'm not. I could tell you but the girl I was with will never in a million years admit to it. Okay, I gotta go. Sad to see him go, but it's nice to watch him leave. Do I know you? Oh, I'm friends with your boyfriend, Charleston... and your boy on the side, Chip. What are you talking about? You and Chip. Weren't you his date to the haunted house? I hear you went as the beast with two backs. No. Why would you even say that? Look, you're Chip's alibi. The time will come when you'll have to own up to it or things will really go south for Chip and the Pi Sigs. I don't need to own up to anything. You're torturing me. Without even trying? God, I'm good. My brothers are all sorts of pissed. They think you're coming after them, instead of trying to find the real raper. Do you mean rapist? Learn the terminology. What happened to your hand? Window fell on it. Whatever. Look, people are really starting to think we rape. The hearing is in two days, so go work your little pixie spy magic and fix this. Logan said you showed up at his place the night of Parker's rape, all wrecked, saying you screwed up. Whipped guys make the worse friends. So, Dick, a rapist? Two in the same household. Possibly. Quarterbacks seem to run in the Manning family. I know Logan's always worried about being genetically predestined for anti-social behaviour. I suppose that's a question best left to the social scientists. Right now, it's time to figure out where his money is going. Hi. Can I speak to Ryan Douglas, please? It's about his interest in Micardo Enterprises. This new case is keeping you out late. You look wiped out. What you up to? I was trying to seal the embezzlement case against Logan's business manager. I discovered something else entirely. Who's Charlie Stone? Perfect timing. I think Lonely Telescope Guy is getting tired of me just mooning him. I need to talk to you. I followed the trust money all the way down the rabbit hole. The payments are going to a person named Charlie Stone. Do you know who that is? No, should I? Yeah, probably. Charlie Stone is your brother. Your dad's business manager buried him pretty deep. You weren't supposed to find out. No one was. I googled him. All I learned was that he teaches at a private school, in San Juan Capistrano, but he is in the book. Here's his number. And what am I supposed to do? Hi, this is Charlie. Please leave a message. Hi. Charlie, it's, uh... Logan Echolls calling. Parker! Hey. Save yourself the performance. I know you're working for the Pi Sigs. I'm not working for the Pi Sigs. I'm working for you. Yeah. I'm just using this opportunity to get close to them so I can figure out what they're up to. Yeah, and you're trying to find out who raped me by hugging it out with Dick Casablancas? You know Dick? I gave him my number at orientation. I actually thought he was cute. Mac said he showed up at our room the night before the rape and was pounding on the door, looking for me. Did you tell anyone? No, when I talked to the sheriff, I didn't know about it. He's not as harmless as he looks. Nancy said he chased her out of the haunted house, screaming at her, calling her a bitch. Why was he screaming at her? Next time you guys are snuggling on the frat house porch, ask him. I would if I could, but for now, Jerry is still the boss. Does he respect your opinion? I think he sees Joe as some kind of a side project. He thinks he's going to get Joe to turn around. Based on what? Projections he came up with... He's one of those people who thinks that years he's logged are in direct proportion to how smart he is. Can I talk to you? You a little busy doing funnel shots with the Pi Sigs? Aren't you? I heard you went to their haunted house. That must have been fun. Did you go as a hypocrite? I went with Claire because we heard there was a grope room. And you were looking for a little grab-assing? A little poetic justice. They set up this boo room so they could fondle girls as they went through. So, we dressed up as rats and strategically put rat traps on all of our gropable parts. Okay, that is pretty genius. I was in the room all of three seconds before Dick Casablancas was caught in one of my traps. Their bruised hands. It must have hurt because he ran me out of the party, screaming. Was Claire with you? No. That's when I lost track of her. I looked for her forever and I thought I saw her later on down the street from the party, but it wasn't her. You're sure? Yeah. I yelled for her. Nothing. The sheriff knows all of this. So, the girl you thought was Claire. Where did you see her? Nancy thought she saw Claire on the street outside of this convenience store. It's worth making sure she wasn't right the first time. Hi. I was wondering- I'm not hiring. Actually, I was wondering if you were working last Saturday night. I work every Saturday night. What else am I gonna do? Do you remember seeing this girl. Her name is Claire. Yeah, I saw her. So drunk she could barely stand. If your parents knew what you kids really do here... A-And you're sure it was her? She came in with a guy. She's falling asleep on my magazine rack. He's trying to scrap together change to buy prophylactics. Then he's all mad because he can't use a credit card unless he spends fifteen dollars. So, I sent him next door to the ATM. They came back later, he bought his raincoats... one less bastard child conceived by morons. Everyone's happy. Thanks. I started bugging my mom about who my dad was when I was, I don't know, six, seven. Then on my tenth birthday, my mom takes me to see Aaron Echolls in Thought Police. She points to the screen and she says, "That's the guy. That's your dad." She took you to see Thought Police on your birthday? Did she hate you? I'm, like, mom, don't screw with my head. I'm ten. I can't deal with the news that the guy mind-wrestling with Stallone on screen knocked you up. She was a stewardess when she met Aaron. She said she met him working first class on an L.A. to New York red-eye. My mom is a looker. Yeah, I'm sure she is. I didn't believe her 'til she showed me the cheques, the hush money. How many kids of single parents flight-attends score the best private schools, still I'd see pictures of your family and think that life should be mine. Nah, you don't want it. Trust me- No, I know, that's the thing. The more I watched, the happier I was that it wasn't my family. Your dad cheats on your mom, it's on the cover of People. Your sister shoots Nicole Richie with a BB gun, Jay Leno opens his monologue with it. Then the murder. I started wondering if something was wrong with me, you know, if this is my bloodline. Yeah, join the club. Ah, this has been great but I gotta run. Papers to grade. Well, yeah, it has. We'll have to do it again. Longer next time. I'd like to hear about him, Aaron, the details, good or bad. Yeah, bad mostly. There's just this void. You know him... Oh, hello. Veronica, this is my half-brother, Charlie. Charlie, my girlfriend, Veronica. Hey, nice to meet you. Yeah, you too. Oh, Charlie has to get home, grade papers. He's got an honest job. He's a contributing member of society. Very un-Echolls. Yeah, and if I get them graded by tonight, I can hit Zuma at dawn. You surf? As often and as long as I can. Man, we are brothers. I have options. I could be excited for Logan. Thrilled even that his new brother is such a keeper. Or, I can be me. Hi. Um, sorry to bother you. Are you by any chance the sub for Mr. Stone? No, I'm the real deal. I'm Mr. Stone. Sorry, I've got a class starting. Did you need something? No, uh, just looking for someone else. Okay, then I gotta call roll. So, it's Christmas, right? The entire family unit is around, which was rare. And I'm, I don't know, I'm nine and Aaron hands me a gift, but he notices the box has been re-wrapped, you know, so he knows I peeked. I'm nine years old, he's re-gifting me a fruit basket. He starts shouting about how I've ruined Christmas. Oh, my God. Yeah. And he, uh, he tells me I'm not opening another gift until I eat all twelve pears in the box. Damn, man, the scissors incident, the drained swimming pool episode, now the box of pears. So, I'm eating the pears and taking my time, taking these dainty bites... the man comes unhinged. Takes these pears and just starts shoving them down my throat one after another. And then...and I'm choking but he doesn't stop until my mom holds a cheese knife to his throat. To this day, I puke if I smell a pear. Quick Jim, hide them hookers! Hi, Logan. Hi, Norman Phipps. What did you call him? His name, Norman Phipps. At least, that's the name of the guy who rented his rental car and a quick google check reveals that Norman Phipps is a contributor to Vanity Fair. Thank God for mobile wireless, huh? So, Norman, how's your story coming. It's great. In fact, I'm almost there. Just one thing, Logan. That fruit basket? Was it from Harry and David? God is in the details. Ah, please take a swing. It'd make a great lead. I'm so sorry. I should've just left it alone. I guess this is the money shot, right? I wanted proof, I got proof. So, now I do it, right, I leave him. Harmony... Is that standard operating procedure? I mean, do I kick him out, will he move out, do I take our daughter to a hotel. Before you do anything... you need to hear this. He's one of those people, thinks the number of years he's logged are in direct proportion to how smart- Whoa, wait, Carly. Stop. I can't. I have a wife, family. I'm not gonna do this. They left separately. I followed Marvin back to your house. This morning he handed off the Reilly International account to someone named, uh, Daryl Derryberry. I should go home. Yes, you should. Remember that case a couple years ago where that woman was impersonating her boss? How did you obtain the ATM photos that proved it? I know a guy... a representative of the bank. He needs to request a court order and once the court order is issued, it only takes about an hour to get the photos. So, it's a piece of cake. A monkey, with a friend who's a bank representative can do it. So, Bubbles. You feel like doing me a solid? Hm? Hello, Chip, Dick, faceless Star Trek crew members. Hey! Here to give us our money back? Mm. The morning after the haunted house, Claire woke up alone in the park, five am, her head was shaved. This photo was taken of Claire the night she was raped. It's from an ATM on the corner of Stanton and Lake. Look at the timestamp. Two am. The haunted house had been closed for two hours. She still has her hair, so we know she hasn't been raped yet. And look who she's with. Who's that dude? It's not one of us. Precisely. You Pi Sigs have exactly one Asian member and that's not him. Voila. It's proof of innocence. Courtesy of pixie spy magic. Hmm. When did the Greek chorus of feminist shame arrive? Charlie! Good news. The Pi Sigs were absolved. Because they were innocent. Because you helped them, which is what you were trying to do all along. How do you live with yourself? I was looking for the truth and I found it. You wanna nail someone to the wall, just to have someone nailed there, or do you want the person responsible to pay? Hey! Careful, man, there's a beverage here. You doing okay? On top of the world, looking down on creation. Saw you on Larry King last night, giving your half-brother a little coming out party. Life as Charlie Stone knew it is officially over. I'm choking with empathy. He served me up to that Vanity Fair reporter and brought it on himself. Well, we don't know that for sure. Well, how else could it have happened? Well, I'm glad you went digging. I have now erased any and all romantic notions about my family. That's me: all sorts of helpful. I was hoping you could [?bus some?] around again and help me find Norman Phipps. Why? Well, I gave him a pocket watch that belonged to my grandfather, the only decent member of my family. 'Course, he died when I was five, so who knows. Still, kinda burns thinking of Norman having it. In my world, the wicked don't get parting gifts. Hey there, fake Charlie. You weren't expecting to see me again, were you? Can I come in? Look, I was just doing my job. None of it matters anyway. The magazine dropped the story when Larry King scooped them. That was the plan. I'm here for the watch. Your boyfriend got one detail wrong in that interview of his. Charlie Stone never talked to me. I tracked him down, but he wanted to remain anonymous. Then how did you end up meeting Logan? I had a tap on Charlie's phone. [ Space Needle "Never Lonely Alone" ] The reporter acted alone. He was tapping Charlie's line when you called. Your real half-brother is innocent. And I was so quick to believe that guy. And, you know, I look at you and your dad, you know, that thing that you have. I never had that. You couldn't have known. No, I'm sure that won't matter to him. Hi, this is Charlie. Please leave a message. Hey, Charlie, it's Logan again. Uh... Listen, I'm sorry about all the messages... yeah, I guess I thought I'd give it another shot.