Lilly and Weevil? So what is the mystery condition that's causing your ex-boyfriend and possible half-brother to black out. Did you know that Clarence Wiedman, Head of Security at Kane Software, was the one that made the tip call that got Abel Koontz arrested? You're dying, Abel. Did you know that there's a traffic ticket that proves that Lilly's time of death is three hours off? Jake and Celeste. Either of them could have gone home on their own and killed Lilly. So Abel Koontz has a daughter. And now Clarence Wiedman knows that I know. But what do I really know? That Jake Kane bought a dying man's confession? That the Kane family needed a fall guy? Amelia DeLongpre. She's the one person who can prove my theory. I have to track her down before Clarence Wiedman finds her and… Loyola Marymount? What do you know? She lives in LA. Hello? Hello. Ms DeLongpre? Uh, who are you? I'm looking for Amelia DeLongpre. I'm sorry. She left about five minutes ago with some friend of hers. Could you describe this friend? Tiny, blonde, cute as a bug. I'm sorry. I don't think I can do this. I don't even know you. Your father's attorney, Clif-Mr McCormack sent me to get you. We found some new evidence, evidence that may prove your father is innocent. What? Amelia, get in the car. If you don't get in the car, you're putting yourself in danger. I haven't spoken to my father in years. I don't understand. You're a threat to the Kane family now that you know about the payoff. What payoff? You just told me you're receiving millions in Kane Software stock. But mom said that was an out of court settlement. It's not a settlement. It's a payoff. For pleading guilty to the murder of Lilly Kane. Your father is innocent. Not exactly the Ritz but hopefully you'll only be here for a couple of days. Exams are next week. One dank room is as good as the next. You know, I think this might actually be perfect. Before you dive in, you need to call your mother and have her overnight the Kane settlement documents right away. Tell her to pay in cash and make sure she uses a fake name. What will those prove? They'll prove your father's being paid to take the fall. And don't use your cell phone. Use this. It's not traceable. Okay. But I have to be able to take calls from my boyfriend. Unless you also want the police, marines and the National Guard out looking for me. I'll check the caller ID. Only him. No one else. No one else. And Amelia? He can't know your location. Veronica? Yeah? Have you… Have you seen him? You know, in prison? Yeah. How… How is he? Dying. But if you know that, it's doubtful you'll help me. He's doing fine. As if I didn't have enough stress in my life, today marks that orgy of tension known as midterms. Some handle it better than others. Top right. Yes, that's my face that you see on a phone sex ad. I was getting phone calls for this all night long. I got zero sleep and my dad's a doctor, we can't just unplug the phone. I've been bad. And this morning, someone let the air out of my tire. It's not fair. Of course, Sabrina. We'll find a time for you to take the test la- Oh, wait. What happened to you're late, too bad, no exceptions. Mr Cho? When someone personally attacks you, we'll talk. Go to the library, we'll reschedule. Thanks. How 'bout, when my mom's elected school board president, we'll talk. Veronica? I heard this was kind of like your office. I need your help. A little club soda on the sleeves? This is because I had a flat. I had to change it myself and there was no hole, somebody just let the air out. Do you know Caz Truman? Basketball player, drives a Yukon? Yeah. I broke up with him two months ago and since then he's been harassing me. This is just the latest of these so-called pranks. I hear that you do things. I need you to make him stop. Gee, I'd love to help Sabrina but I have midterms of my own. This is important. I'll pay you. Every night when I'm trying to study there's some new catastrophe. I  am broke and Amelia's hotel room is seventy bucks a day. Are you sure it's Caz? Oh, this is so Caz, totally immature. Here. I can give you a hundred now and four more when you prove that it's him. And the sooner the better because I already have to reschedule my AP history test. Veronica Mars. What do you want? Caz, I'm kind of busy so let's play this at fast forward. I ask you to stop harassing Sabrina Fuller. You deny it. I eventually catch you. You're suspended, dropped from basketball and made the subject of a news blurb that everyone chuckles at in the papers. So stop harassing Sabrina, okay? Look,  I'm not harassing Sabrina. Caz! Did you listen? The flat tires, the escort ad, the midnight crank calls- Wa-wa-wait. She said I did this? We-we've had problems but no way. I would leap off the roof of that school if she asked me, you know. Very caring gesture but- I swear it wasn't me. Now, I'm late for the gym but when you catch whoever did this, you tell me, okay, 'cause I will smash his face in. I mean, seriously. Why is it that the Caz's of the world are forever in transit between romantic failure and the gym? Sabrina says Caz strikes only at night. That gives me a couple hours before I need to get over there. Time enough to prepare my case for Amelia, prove to her that her father is allowing himself to be executed in order to make her wealthy. Mars Investigations. - Is Keith Mars available? - No, he's in a meeting. You want me to find a call girl for your husband? Yes. He likes blondes. Look, I don't know if you were looking for pimp in the phonebook and just stopped at PI- I want her to take him to a motel and when he's in a compromising position, you get the... - What's it called? The, um- - Money shot? Exactly. Prenup violated. Settlement for me. Bonus for you. Sounds sweet. But if we go by the letter of the law, it's entrapment. Dad, Mr Wilson is asking about- The law? Look, if you don't want to do it, I'll take my business elsewhere. Perhaps Mr Vincent Vanlowe isn't as interested in the letter of the law. Yeah, well, just know if you go with Mr Vanlowe there's every chance you'll get the Vinnie classic. And what does that mean? That means, Vinnie goes to bust your husband, gets his proof then goes back to him and says for double her money, I'll tell the wife you're a choir boy. What is it with the Mars' family? God, Veronica, and you really believe Lilly's murder was some sort of vast conspiracy? - I don't know what you saw. - A file on Duncan. There's a file on everyone. Yeah. It's thorough. And I'm glad my alibi held up. Out of the country. Two eye witnesses, it's airtight. Hey, what do you think Lilly would make of you investigating all the people who loved her? I loved Lilly. Maybe if I didn't I'd be able to drop this. Okay, I just came to give you this. Hey, thanks, for, uh, you looking for my mother. Your mom was always nice to me. Way to think it through, Veronica. Ripping up Logan's check was a noble gesture but who's going to pay for Amelia DeLongpre's motel room? Is this movie pay-per-view? I don't understand. These shoes. These shoes were photographed in Lilly's room a couple hours after the murder. The same shoes were found two months later on your father's houseboat. Someone had to plant them there. And you're sure that it was the Kanes who framed him? Who else had the money and influence to pull it off? I just can't imagine someone murdering their own family. All three of the Kanes falsified their alibis. When I was really young, my dad… he was a normal dad. But when Jake Kane cheated him out of his streaming video patent, it just, it changed him. He'd lock himself in his office for weeks, not even speak to me or my mom. Said he was gonna create a program that would put Kane out of business but of course, nothing ever came of that. One day my mom brings him a cup of coffee and… she spills it all over his work. He backhanded her. We left the next day. Mom divorced him. Can I ask you something? Sure. Why do you think the money's coming to me? I think… it's his way of saying, you know, that he's sorry. Hi. Uh, I'm looking for Sabrina? Order, genus, species. And the kingdoms are? Fungi, plantae, animalia, uh, monera… Oh, hello. It's Veronica. I said that I would tutor her. Just don't forget about your own studies. Don’t worry, mom. Se mi trattiene la chiudo nella la cantina. Ma potrebbe stappare il buon vino. Meglio tentare per la soffita. I’m late to meet your father. Lynn is sleeping so keep it down. You forgot protista. I didn't forget, you interrupted. What do you have? Caz Truman denies it. I put a tracker on his car just in case. Otherwise, we just wait to see if something happens. There is no if. Something happens every night. Well, that's why I'm here. Yukon's still in the garage. Hello? Yes,  this is Miss Sabrina. Bad boy, well… Mr Greeley of Encinitas. Twenty grand on credit cards, two divorces and a repo'd Sebring. You have been a bad boy. Miss Sabrina commands you. Put your pants back on and get a job. Do you know anyone with a yellow truck? No. Why? Is that yours? Hello, Truman. Caz, it's over. Why can't you just act like a mature adult instead of- Baby, it's not me. I'm innocent. Caz, you were lurking. The innocent rarely lurk. No, I wasn't lurking. The thought of somebody messing with you made me nuts. I was watching the house figuring I could catch the guy, be the hero, get you back. What is with the junkie old truck? It's the gardener's. So Sabrina, I would never hurt you. You know, if you asked, I would jump off the roof. Can I get you to stop that? Ask him to jump. The door? Who's knocking on my door at eleven o'clock? Let's get this party started, whooo. You're in the wrong place. Have you consider that maybe you're in the wrong place? Keep it rolling all night. 23 Emperor Court. - Where did you get that? - Sultans of Acid. The guy was handing them out. Said we'd all be rocking and rolling. Sultans of Acid yielded nothing but hundreds of spaced-out weirdoes who couldn't answer a simple question. Complete dead end. - Who is it? - It's me. I brought some brain food. Snowballs! Oh, I talked to my mom. Sorry I freaked out. She was just visiting her sister in Squirrel Point. She says she's gonna mail that stuff tomorrow. Great. Veronica? Could you arrange a visitation with my dad? For the first time I can remember, I really want to talk to him. Yeah. Sure, uh, it may take a few days. Just long enough to get the proof of the Kane payoff. Shouldn't you be getting ready for your Achiever Dinner? Scholastic Excellence, I will. Miss Mars. Mr Vanlowe. I, uh, hope you're not thinking of dying that hair because when you come work for me, you'll find that straying husbands are most likely to chase skinny blondes. No, I'm kidding, of course. They'll chase anything. But seriously, don't dye that hair. No hair advice for me, Vinnie? Actually Keith I was just coming by to say thanks. You know, uh, once you set up shop here, I got a little nervous, um, a former detective, sheriff, uh, law enforcement machine, hitting the Neptune PI scene, working the whole B-movie, back alley vibe. Clients love that. I thought I was toast but here we are sending each other referrals. Referrals? Did I send you a- Red-head, with the husband problem. Ahh, right. I wasn't actually referring so much as warning. I was thinking, uh, we might work together, you know, juggle some cases, maximise the market. Actually, Vinnie, we're not- Ah, you're on the fence, okay, okay, okay but I have ten cases, five hundred a day, I can't handle them all. I'll farm them to you for three, I'm talking no-brainers, free of major ethical issues. Easy money. Win-win. Just saying. Think it over. Get ready for your dinner. I've been dreading it for weeks. Two hours at the Kane estate with the top five ranking juniors and seniors trying not to gag as they talk about the scholarship they're offering in Lilly's name. It's been a year and a half since I stood outside this door and watched my best friend's body carried away. A year and a half's worth of questions only I know and only someone in this house can answer. Veronica, I didn't, uh… Welcome. Thank you, Mr Kane. Come in, the others are already here. It's hard to be back knowing what I know now and not wonder. Celeste Kane has plenty of reasons to hate me. And before Lilly died I got the distinct impression she'd learned one of her mother's reasons. Maybe Celeste over reacted. Lilly, she cannot come back here, ever. Chill out, Mommie dearest. That's no way to treat your stepdaughter. I think Duncan might have already slipped Veronica a bit too much of the old Kane hospitality. I am proud to announce an annual award in the name of our daughter. Starting this year, Neptune High's Valedictorian will receive a full-time scholarship to the university lucky enough to have him or her. So, best of luck to this year's seniors. May the best scholar win. And, for next year's seniors, I only hope that this adds to your fantastic motivation, although, uh, I might add that we'll be paying for one of this year's junior honourees either way. He doesn't look like a killer but you don't get to run a Fortune 500 company without a killer instinct. And  what if Lilly finally succeeded at getting her parents' attention. You're blocking my sun. Who the hell are you? Me, I'm no one, I was just going. You were having sex with my daughter? Not right now. You think you can make a fool out of me? Daddy, stop it. Breathe a word and I promise you, you'll take the fall. Come on over here, let's chow down. It's rack of lamb tonight. Veronica. Come on, dorkus. My god, worse party ever. What are you doing at nerdfest. I had to come back. Something's wrong, they're hiding something. Please. Veronica. They have their faults but they are hardly murderers. Wow, you've got some imagination. Then who did it? You okay? So, who are you hiding from? - No, really, I was just… - Relax. I come here sometimes too. To think about her. At first I begged my parents to sell the house. Couldn't even walk by this spot, imagining the last thoughts that went through her head. But now, it's kind of nice. Peaceful. When I'm here, I feel like she's still with me. Come on, inside. We don't bite. What's wrong, Sabrina? I… was just exhausted. All of this crap. I got an 86 on the AP Bio exam. AP Bio is a killer, a "B" isn't- I lost it, the top GPA, the Valedictorian spot. Because of one test? I had a hundredth of a point lead and now I'm a hundredth behind. Why have you gotten him to stop? Sabrina, it's not Caz, I'm sure. Wait, who's in first place now? Him. Hamilton Cho? Yeah. Since I'm checking on new GPA champ, Hamilton Cho, I might as well expand my gastronomical horizons. I'm actually a little hurt this is your first Cho's pizza, Veronica. What can I say? I lack pizza imagination. So, hear you got into Oxford. Congrats. Yeah, sweet. If I can come up with about a billion dollars or so. Well. I hear you've edged into the lead for Valedictorian now. If you don't blow it in the next nine weeks, that Kane scholarship will pay for Oxford entirely. - So, Sabrina… - Ah, the teenage witch. - You don't like her. - Do you? Does anyone? She's had it pretty tough this week. Boo hoo. You know how many breaks she's had? She got AP credit for a school sponsored trip to Rome. Her mom is the School Board President. I mean, how can I compete with that? I work twenty hours a week, no tutors, it's just the way it is here. Money talks, etcetera, etcetera. You know what I'm talking about. Hamilton. This order's ready. Gotta run. Pop, I'll be back in ten. Of course I agree, Hamilton. The world is unfair. That's why I don't feel good about putting a tracker on your car. Can I help you? Mr Mars. I'm sorry, I didn't hear you knock. I must have been in the shower. Well, come on in, I'll fix you a cup of coffee. It's been a while. It has. What brings you to my door? Looking for someone. Her name is Amelia DeLongpre. Geez. You mean the head of a corporate security team came to a little old PI like me? I'm flattered. I'm two fifty a day. I had thought maybe you knew already where she was. Company has some important information for her. We thought perhaps… she might even be staying with you. In my two room apartment. Well take a look around, Clarence. God's honest truth, I don't know who that woman is or why I'd have her stashed here, but knock yourself out. Are we done here, then? Thanks for your hospitality. Guess who stopped by today? If you say Josh Hartnett, I'm gonna be so bummed. Clarence Wiedman. He's the head of security for Kane Software. And for an hour after he left I sat here wondering. What did I stumble on that has them so rattled that they'd send over their top guy? I wasn't sure what it was but I was proud. Clearly I was making them nervous. Then it occurred to me. I didn't stumble on anything. I haven't touched the case in months. Nope, I'm not scaring the Kanes. My seventeen year old daughter is. I know who he is. He's looking for Abel Koontz's daughter. Of course, she changed her name. She's the one getting the payoff. And you know where Amelia is. Do you have any idea how dangerous it is, what you're doing? I'm protecting her so that the Kanes can't get to her and cover up the money trail. Well who's going to protect you, Veronica? Understand me. That family will do anything to make that evidence go away. She's willing to help us, Dad. She's already agreed to turn over the phoney patent documents, that's as much of a smoking gun as we're gonna find. That girl must really love her old man if she's trading three million bucks for three months of his life. - You know about Abel- - Stomach cancer? All right Veronica. New game, new rules. I told you a long time ago to drop this case- - Dad, I won't- - I know. Just listen. You have to promise me that you'll be more careful. That means no more surprise visits from Clarence Wiedman. I just can't make myself more clear. I'll promise. All right. I found a cell phone record showing that Jake Kane called Clarence five minutes before he arrived home the night of the murder. So when Jake's alibi went all to pieces and I started to question the coroner's time of death, the core body temperature just didn't match the rest of the timeline. You think Jake called Clarence Wiedman after he discovered Lilly's body? To do what? Whatever needed to be done. Clarence Wiedman. Ex-army intelligence, ex-FBI, ex-god knows what else. Probably a good man in a bad situation. Clarence. I need your help. Mr Kane, listen to me. I need you to go to the trunk and get the rest of it. And then we need to decide which one of you found her. Now show me the body. Hello. Veronica? Now it's this car alarm. It's been going off outside of my window for the last two hours. We called the police twice. It just stops right before they get here. Well, it can't be Hamilton. He's been at Cho's all night. Veronica. I can't take this anymore. Are you gonna help me or what? Get out. Go find the car and take down the licence plate. I'll see what I can do tomorrow. In the meantime, I need to find out when a certain ticking time bomb is set to go off. I'd like to know when you plan on telling Duncan and everyone how I'm psycho or, at least, unhealthily obsessed. I'd like to be prepared. You know, something's been bothering me. About Duncan having whatever he has, that weird kind of epilepsy. Are you sure? - About that? - Yeah. Yeah. I've know him since kindergarten, why didn't he ever mention it to me? I don't think he or his parents wanted anyone to know. I think they still want him to be president some day. Does that mean that he has, like, fits or something? Possibly. Other times the attacks might manifest themselves as hysterical laughter or uncontrollable crying. Or a blind rage. Does any of that sound familiar to you? I'm only telling you, okay. Last year when… I was over at their place, I heard screaming from the next room. I heard Duncan's voice and thought someone had broken into the house and when I got there, I found him on the floor and he had his hands around his dad's throat. And I tried to pull him off. And all of a sudden he went limp and he was Duncan again. What did Jake say to you? Nothing. We helped Duncan to his room and it was over. I tried talking to Duncan the next day at school but he acted like he didn't remember a thing. When Lilly died? No. It was the week you guys broke up. It's weird, huh? Despite serious sleep deprivation, Sabrina remembered to get the plate on the offending car. An '83 K-car registered to Debra Villareal who's touring Europe as "Jasmine" in "Aladdin on Ice". So what's her K-car doing parked outside the Fuller residence? I doubt it's coincidence that Debra Villareal was once married to Vinnie Vanlowe, Private Eye. Hello? Sabrina, hi. I need to borrow some of your spirit week stuff. I'm not an expert on the male mind so maybe someday someone can tell me what it is about chrome, glass and fake black leather that are supposed to represent masculinity. Ah, can I help you? Yes! You can help me by asking if Mr Vanlowe has a second to see Veronica Mars and you can help Neptune High by buying cookies for our spirit week. Oh, Vinnie loves these mints. I'll take one. If you buy two, you get a spirit pin. Oh, I have to have a pin, here. That's ten. Go Pirates. Ma, I told you a million times, if you don't order extra mayo on the tuna it gets all cr- Why Ms Mars. So, uh, what can I do for you? - Couple of things, actually. - Shoot. First, my dad just wanted me to come by and say he is unable to take you up on your offer. He says thanks anyway and in the spirit of mutual co-operation, he wanted to give you this. Mars Investigation address and phone right there on the pen. Class. So what's the number two thing? I was hoping maybe you could tell me who hired you to harass Sabrina Fuller. Sabrina Fuller. Doesn't ring a bell. I don't believe I know such a person. See, I think that you do. Either that or your ex-wife really hates academic achievers. My ex-wife, Brenda? No. Masako! Debra. Guess she's been having some trouble with her K-car? Uh, well I don't know anything about that, I mean, I wish I can help you but I can't. As you can see, I'm in the middle of a job here, so if you don't mind. Sure. Just trying to help a friend out at school. No big deal. Well, tell your dad, thanks for the pen. Sure. And you-you've a little something on your face. Potato chip? That is not cool. So what did you find out? Nothing, but I sold two boxes of cookies. You found out nothing. So, what is the point of us even doing this? Why didn't you tell me you got thin mints? Come in here. That's the point. Just wait. Yeah, uh-huh, cute. Hey, ma, whose that band I like, ooh, yeah, Hall and Oates. John Hall and Daryl Oates. That one song. Private Eye, I'm watching you and I see your every move. Yeah, Veronica Mars, I'm watching you, Private Eye. I'm watching you. Hall and Oates, Veronica. They wrote the song and now you're living it. How's it feel? Private Eyes, watching you, watching your every move, baby. Private eyes, Veronica Mars. Oops. Now what are we supposed to do? Sabrina, give me a little more credit. Vinnie, did you get that- What are you doing? Did you bring the mints? We need to get rid of that K-car. Call Gary and have him tow it. Get Jim on the horn. You wanna pizza? You just ate. Ma, it's j-it's business. What? Sabrina, I know who did it. My son never had a fair chance. I didn't give him the same advantages as the kids he has to compete with. You want us to believe getting a private eye to harass my daughter is acceptable just because we happen to have money? But my son didn't have anything to do with this. He's worked so hard and he deserves- All right, look. Well, it just seems like a mess. But, uh, under the circumstances, assuming that Hamilton and Sabrina finish the year one-two, we are willing to split the scholarship this year. I mean, if that's acceptable to the two of you. No. The honour of Valedictorian belongs to my daughter. And so does that scholarship. Mrs Fuller, please. There's one agreement I'm prepared to make. This young man will remove himself from the Valedictorian race and we won't press charges. Mrs Fuller, is that the only solution that you would consider? - Can we- - Naw, I'll do it. What the hell? Hamilton, no. Hamilton, this is ridiculous. They can't force you to do this. They just did. Come on, Dad. Hamilton? I'm so sorry. Ah, it's not your fault. What are you going to do now? You know, work two jobs, take out loans. State school. Twenty years from now, she'll be working for me. And Oxford? Proust is still Proust. Even at UCLA. Life is fundamentally unfair. It takes real talent to make unfair seem cool. Hamilton Cho. Proof that kids love their dads, no matter how badly they screw up. It's the exact kind of love I'm banking on from Amelia DeLongpre. Excuse me. Listen, do you happen to have a cell phone on you? I gotta call Triple A. - Hello? - Veronica. - Hey, Amelia. - The papers came. Oh, thank god. I'll be right by to make copies. How are you holding up? Tired of trying to concentrate on Plato and, all I can think about is what I'm gonna say to my dad when I finally see him. Oh, it's my boyfriend. See you soon. Hey, sweetie. Miss DeLongpre? Don't hang up. My name is Clarence Wiedman. The woman you're dealing with isn't who she says she is. Dad, we've got it. Amelia has the settlement papers at her hotel. Good work, honey. Let's go. As it turns out, I won't be needing your services, Keith. Where is she? Gone. You took her? She took herself. Miss DeLongpre was particularly upset with you, Miss Mars, for failing to mention her father's declining health. Let's go, honey. Where? Where would you go if you had your own Swiss bank account? Thank you for bringing Amelia to Neptune, Miss Mars. She just finalised her father's settlement with Kane Software. What do you do when the best chance you've had at cracking the case, packs up her suitcase and heads to Biarritz or St Tropez or wherever rich people disappear to? Oh, hey honey, what are you doing on the floor in the corner? - Dad, I- - Well, don't sit on the floor. Take the chair. I changed the combination on this thing, you know. 41-54-17. Random numbers? Just like you said. 415 and 417. Flight numbers. Our honeymoon, your mom and I. I never can remember the random ones. Obviously, Jake and Celeste lied about their alibis but what made you think they were involved in covering up Lilly's death. When the call came in that Lilly had been found, I was the first one at the scene. How long had you two been home before you discovered her body. Five minutes, um, ten, maybe. I knew the kids were home so I decided to check for them out at the pool and that's, um, that's when I found… and that's when I, uh, that's when I found… oh. And where was Duncan at that moment? He was-he was showering. He, uh, beat us home but he hadn't gone out to the pool. You doing some laundry? The Kanes had two full-time housekeepers. My guess, they hadn't done their own laundry in a very long time so give me one good reason why they would start a load of laundry the night they found their daughter bludgeoned to death. Honey, it was a soccer uniform I found in the dryer. Duncan and Lilly were so different. They didn't always like each other, but they always loved each other. He never would have hurt her. But what if emotional turmoil, the same kind that drove him to attack his father, turned Duncan into someone else entirely.