I'm the one who made the anonymous call from the bridge. You're under arrest for the murder of Felix Toombs. Ooh, I am having the weirdest déjà vu. Logan made bail in, like, two minutes. Maybe it is time we did something about Logan Echolls. The fitzpatricks are meth-head lunatics, but they're not gonna kill a bus full of kids over 3 grand. Their problem with cervando would have been solved in an alley with a baseball bat. Veronica? Duncan? How's Meg? If you cared about Meg, she wouldn't have been on that bus. Do you love me? Did you ever love me? On the bus, my life didn't flash before me. You did. Our first kiss. The last perfect moment we had together. Remember? On the beach. Please. You promised me. You made promises. You can save me. All you have to do is want to. I've heard enough. Have you heard enough? What does she have? What does she have that I haven't got? Well, I'm conscious, and that's just for starters. Is that really what you want? Teddy bears and mash notes? Grow up. Grow up and get over it. All I'm saying is, I followed him into the cigar shop, he bought some cigars, and he left. Didn't your dad say that the cigar store's a front for drug dealers? That's got to be something. Or not. Sometimes a cigar store is just a cigar store. Well, I'll remember to be quippy when you're looking at 20 to life. Oh, you're being a jackass. It must be an even-numbered day. I do so prefer the odd-numbered days when you're kissing my ass for a favor. You find out why this plastic surgeon is trying to get me sent away for killing Felix, and I will make sure that all even-numbered days are removed from the calendar. Did Duncan go to bed? Yes. And he wanted me to tell you to give me your undivided attention. Pretend for a moment that your dog's life is at stake. Hey. Hey, maybe this so-called doctor is a pipeline to prescription drugs. That's how my pediatrician lost his license. Well, it's pretty easy to check on something like that. I found something. What is it? Well, the A.M.A. Website lists any disciplinary actions taken against its members. Apparently Dr. Griffith was reprimanded -- something about an inappropriate off-site practice. The patient's name is Danny Boyd. What does that mean? I don't know. But I'll check it out tomorrow. Hey, man, you got the stuff in yet? I'm, like, wondering if I need to take my business elsewhere. What stuff? I, uh, ordered an eight ball. Coke? Who am I, John Delorean? I never sold coke to you, man. Hey, this is a $200 shirt, man! Really? It's missing some buttons. Hey, come on. Don't jerk me around. I paid one of you biker guys. Oh, yeah? Describe this biker guy you paid. I don't know. He was, you know, brown. Hey, those are nice rims. You know, I was thinking about getting me some just like those. Our son Marcos was one of the students killed in the bus crash. I am truly sorry. For the past three months, we've been grieving, trying to put our lives back together again. He -- he was our only child, our pride and joy. I can only imagine how difficult that must be. Then try to imagine if someone was doing their best not to let you forget. I'm not sure I understand. We're being harassed, mr. Mars. Someone is breaking into our house and leaving these. Well, that's horrible. We'll come home, and the house will smell like the cologne that Marcos used to wear. Marcos' pictures will be turned around in their frames. And that's not the worst part. We've been getting messages on our voice mail from our son. We don't believe in ghosts, mr. Mars. Our son is dead. Messages are just nonsense -- old recordings of Marcos. We should just take Ned's offer, Carlos, and sell the house. We have nothing keeping us here. We don't run, Maria. That's not us. So, I'm assuming you want me to find out who's been harassing you. Oh, I know who's harassing us. I want you to find the proof. This is it. The owner of this dump's a front for plastic surgery? Unh-unh. You're staying here. This takes a certain subtlety. But if I need anyone punched in the face, I'll whistle for you. Danny Boyd? Yeah. My name is Laurie Zachs. I don't need to know your name, honey. Just tell me you're 18. Actually -- oh, who's kidding who? Like I care. Okay, uh, the reason I'm here -- I was considering having dr. Tom Griffith perform a surgical procedure on me, and I'm one of those people who really likes to check a doctor out. Dr. Griffith, huh? He's a good man, but I wouldn't go getting too crazy 'cause you don't need very much work done, you know, besides the obvious. Yeah, thanks. Um, I noticed he was given a medical reprimand for a procedure he did on you, and I just wanted to see -- did he get in trouble for that? I'm guessing it had to do with your face. You think, huh? No. Come on. I'll show you. Great. I've walked right into the River Styx -- home base for the fighting fitzpatricks, Neptune's first family of crime. Come here. Come here. Check it out. Take a look. That's my blood. Can you dig that? What happened? It was a little bar fight. Yeah, you should see the other guy. I got 45 stitches. Good as new. A plastic surgeon did that? He wasn't trying to make it look pretty, just trying to stop the bleeding. And dr. Griffith's -- hey, liam. Liam. What do you call the good doctor? He's kind of like a "friend of the family" type thing? My niece Molly -- she saw the blood, she got freaked out. And she called an ambulance. I got three months in county. I guess the doctor got in trouble, too, huh? Oh, well, all's well that ends well, right? I mean, it's a conversation piece, that's for sure. Who are you? Uh, Laurie. Her name's -- who are you? Uh, I'm Laurie. She's getting some plastic surgery done by -- her name's not Laurie. It's Veronica Mars. She goes to my school. She's Keith Mars' daughter. Go, pirates. Veronica? Well, you're about to tell me the real reason you're asking about dr. Griffith. You lie to me again, and you really will need a good plastic surgeon. Tonight there's gonna be trouble A long time ago, we used to be friends but I haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar bring it on, bring it on, yeah just remember me when we used to be friends a long time ago we used to be friends tell me why you're here, Veronica. What, did someone send you? It's -- it really is plastic surgery. I didn't want to use my name because it was too embarrassing. You're a good liar. It's gonna make things so much tougher. Oh, all right, then. That was fun. But let's not stop there. Monk, Monk, bring it here! So, what's it gonna be, Veronica? Hmm? Pink moon? Yellow stars? No? A green clover or daisy? I'm just gonna start in over here. As soon as I hear something resembling the truth... I'll stop. Hey! I've got 911 on the line. Who can give me the address here? No one?! Yeah, I've got one of those ankle monitors on. Does that help? Yeah. The River Styx. There's blood everywhere. Veronica, let's go. Well, lads, let see how much damage we can do in the next two minutes. Stop! I've had a very bad year. Easy boy. so take a look at me now so take a look at me now so take a look at me now so take a look at me now... now... now Hey, it's okay. You're gonna be okay. A gun, Logan?! A gun?! What are you doing with a gun?! You're gonna get yourself killed! Don't you understand that?! Look, it's not even loaded. Oh, I feel so much better. Dick's dad gave it to me. He said given my situation -- given your situation, you should just move out of Neptune. Yeah, well, no can do. Honey? Did you know Marcos Oliveras? Um, should I? Yeah. He was on the bus. Hey, are you okay? Tough day. But, yeah, I'm fine. Um, what about Marcos Oliveras? His parents were just in, and they're suing the school district for negligence over their son's death. And since they've filed the suit, they've been harassed. Harassed? Toy buses left in their house, their son's cologne lingering in the air, phone messages from their dead son on the machine. So, what, the school district administration is harassing them to get them to drop their suit? I'm sure those school administrators are a sinister and venal bunch, honey, but in my experience, most crime is personal -- not these weird conspiracies. Well, in my experience, that is exactly what they want you to think. Well, all the same. Do you mind asking around about the kid? Marcos Oliveras? No one? No one can tell me anything? He was in this class. It's for an article for the navigator. Here's the truth about Marcos. He never said anything to anyone. He just kind of goofed off with the equipment and kept to himself. No one really knew him. "Marcos Oliveras -- not pictured." What would it be like to be simply... forgotten? Please be Wallace again and please be more than the brush-offy "I just need some time to think" he finally sent me yesterday. No such luck. I heard you're doing an article about Marcos. I figured you probably didn't get much information, so I wanted to send a note so at least you had one thing to quote. Marcos was great. Kinda shy, but really interesting once you got to know him. Sorry not to sign this, but I've got a jealous boyfriend who knew... - What? - I liked him, so... This is the third time I called this week. I sent the damn thing back to you guys two weeks ago! Look, I told the first person my name. Don't you talk to each other? You've got the serial number. You've got everything on those damn data banks! It's on the computer screen right in front of your face! It says what?! Oh, sorry. My fault. Bye. Why must you make the tech-support people cry? I found this mp3 player taped under mrs. Oliveras' car playing a loop of her son's voice over her car radio. That's creepy... and bizarre. And it gets bizarre-er. This was paid for by the Neptune school district. You mind having a chat with the man tomorrow? And I'll visit tech support, too. It's just we're doing an article for the Navigator on the parents' reaction to the bus crash. Look, I'm just a vice-principal. Anything I say on the subject has to be cleared by the principal, so -- so you're just a powerless factotum, and I should talk to principal moorehead? Yes. Exactly. It's a horrible tragedy. I sympathize with these families, I really do. We made settlement offers, but the oliverases insist on suing. Now, if they win their suit and the sum that they're asking for, we're talking no band, no art classes, fewer staff. So, yes, we take this very seriously. You are aware that an mp3 player registered to the school was found broadcasting Marcos Oliveras' voice in his mother car? We would know nothing about that. Now, if you have further questions on the topic, I'll just refer you to the district's lawyers. Simon and Stern -- they're big. As I said, we take this very seriously. So what I'm trying to figure out is, is there any way to tell where or when a recording was made? Okay, folks, that's it for me. I'm out. Oh, hey, this guy? You know him? It's Captain Krunk. Captain Krunk? Yeah, he's one of the guys on "Ahoy Matey's." "Ahoy Matey's" -- it's a pirate radio show, this weird sort of cult thing. There's these two guys -- Captain Krunk and Imitation Crab -- who just talked a lot of bizarre smack about Neptune High. If you knew about it, Captain Krunk's totally a star. Wait. We're talking about Marcos Oliveras. I can't find a single person at school who heard him talk, and now you're telling me that he's the Howard Stern of Neptune High? You didn't want to get on Captain Krunk's bad side. He'd tear you a new one. Trying to tell it like it is. The truth hurts. I'm out. "Ahoy Matey's" 540 on your A.M. Dial. Listen or walk my enormous plank. Oh, I get it. It's not all crotch-grabbing, scatological man humor. There's a little something for everyone. Flatulent sound effects for me? And bitter tirades for me. I'll download a few episodes for you. They air every thursday. What's this 4-week gap here? Oh, they went on a little sabbatical. Do you know why? I suspect to torture me. Then they came back, and Captain Krunk wasn't on anymore, and it blew, so I stopped listening. The show's still on? A bastardized subpar version of the show is still on. Any way to find out where they're broadcasting from? Yes. Sorry, I was seeing how long we could have a conversation with your side only being questions. We can track the signal. I'd be interested to know if you had the capabilities to track said signal. Look, I'm happy to be the "Q" to your Bond, but crime pays. Technologically assisted mystery solving costs. If you want to play "find the crappy radio broadcast", Mama's gonna need a few things from radio shack. Listen and love, my friend. And here it comes. Imitation Crab. The winner of this week's "cock of the walk" countdown -- don't leave them hanging, Captain. It's Logan Echolls. That's 40 weeks running. "Rosemary's baby: The teen years." If I was his mother, I'd kill myself, too. Seriously, Captain, you name your daughter Roxie, and it's guaranteed at some point she'll be showing her cans for cash. I'm saving up for that very day. Or get a varsity jacket and four liters of wine coolers, you can see them for free. Yeah, Becker's a date rapist, but in his defense, he's hideous and stupid, so meeting girls is hard. It seems Taylor read the fine print in our abstinence pledge and found a few... loop something? Oh, right -- holes. Captain Krunk bagged on everyone at school. So, what if someone found out? Suddenly I've gone from trying to find out if anyone might have it in for Marcos to wondering if there's anyone at school who doesn't. Duncan Kane, you can't be that rich and that pleasant without harboring a dark secret. What do you think, Crab? - Serial murderer? Puppy strangler? - Girlfriend ignorer? What's gotten into Duncan? Any news on Nick Schmuck? It's pretty clear, isn't it? Our favorite plastic surgeon, for whatever reason, seems to owned by the fighting fitzpatricks. Well, as far as I know, I've done nothing to get their irish up. And I'm working on the connections, okay? If you could exonerate me sometime soon, that'd be great. I really don't want bottom bunk in "fisty mcrapes a lot's" cell. If you want a top, I'm sure it's negotiable. Help me, Mars-wan Kenobi. You're my only hope. I'm feeling the calculating stare, but where's the villainous hand-wringing and maniacal laugh? You know, you should be nicer to me. Or you'll huff and puff and burn my house down? You lied to me. What, are you working for the fitzpatricks now? Is that it ? Lied? I'd be dead before I worked for those micks. "Meth-upped lunatics," I believe, is what you called them before, giving me the impression that you didn't get along so nice. So imagine my surprise when the new star witness in Felix's murder case turns out to be a fitzpatrick puppet. They're scratching your back. My question is, how are you scratching theirs? Okay. I'm here. What do we do? You got your signal dialed in, right? Yep. Okay, the station only has, like, a 2-mile radius, so just keep walking in the direction that gives you the strongest signal. Wait. Wait if nerd hunters drive by and tranq and tag me? That's a risk I'm willing to take. Now, I'm just checking something. Am I still in charge here? Huh? 'Cause, you see, a couple days ago, some 09er comes up to me and asks me where the coke is that he ordered. He said some brown-skinned biker sold it to him. And then a little birdie tells me that the witness who came forward in Logan Echolls' case was bought and paid for by the fitzpatricks. And it gets me wondering. Did the rules change? Huh? Are we in business with these potato heads and I just don't know about it? Did somebody here try to make some extra cash? It's now or never, boys. Go on. Get out of here. Go scare some old ladies or something. Do you really think someone's working for the micks? I'm just asking. The night Felix got killed, did you see the guy who called the cops? No, man. Why not? You were there. That's what you told me. That's what you told the cops. Yeah, but the cops didn't have the whole story. Talk. You went down. You were out. Then after that, Felix was running the show. Thumper, you and Dody get Weevil back to his house. Go! We got to get his bike home! Why don't you take it home? 'Cause we got an extra bike now, dog. Sulley, go get Cervando. You bring him back here. Tell him to get Weevil's bike back to his place. Go. You want to jump? Here's the edge, genius. You know what I always wanted my whole life? A bright-yellow S.U.V. For my surfboard... and my snowboard. Bitching. Ugh! You told me you saw it. Hector and Bootsy was there. What's the difference? That's what happened. Come on, Weevil. We need as many guys as possible. One rich white boy's word against the two of us. We didn't tell you to protect you. If you didn't know, you'd never have to lie. One way or another, I'm getting to the bottom of this, okay? We're gonna find out what's true. The signal is strong here -- strong like a bull. I think it's coming from inside the house. Shall we? Let's. Excellent work, as usual, "Q". Right back at you, mr. Bond. You've got a plan, right? Yes. Miss Mars. I'm glad we caught you at home. Would you mind if we used your phone? We're both in a bit of a hurry. Right. Actually, we're here to see But.. uh, Vincent. We have some, uh, "homework" questions. You are so... ...dead. I know. Whatever. You're the one who was all, "let's go see what Vincent's doing. I wonder what Vincent's up to." I'd greatly prefer if next time you would call first. Okay. Son? Vincent. Um, private basement time, remember? You have visitors. Veronica Mars and her friend are here to see you. Tell them I'm not home. They're right here, son. Hey, Vincent, whatcha doing? If the girls would like some snacks and soda... look, what are you doing here? Well, we were hoping to bust a move, but the song's almost over. Look, I'm working on my models. So, if the paint dries, then the color won't match. I wonder why they're not playing another song. I want you out of here. Why are you so crabby? Um, Butters... your blanky's blinking. I have a theory. Want to hear it? Here it goes. You are Marcos were buds, and then your dad found out about the radio show you two did together. And when the Oliveras family decided to sue, your dad made you a deal. He'd let you keep pumping up the volume, but he'd need recordings of Marcos and a key to his house and your radio knowledge. What? My dad doesn't know anything about the show. A vice-principal's kid ragging on the school? He would kill me. Marcos quit the radio show more than a month before the bus crash. Why? He went to camp. It was out of the blue. He must have gotten tossed off by a pony 'cause he came back all weird. He called and said he wasn't doing the show anymore. Well, did you ask him why? Yeah. We got together for hot cocoa and cinnamon toast and talked all about his feelings. Oh, like girls. Captain Krunk really elevated the comedy. All I know is, he quit. Then the bus crashed, and I really didn't have a chance to ask him about it after that. Can you go now, please? I really think he likes me. And that's where the recordings of his voice come from. So he was on the radio. I guess that's the perfect place for a shy kid. That's pretty enterprising, huh? He used the anonymity to poke fun at his classmates, sometimes a bit harsh. It's possible he really offended some people, enough to make them hold a grudge. Come on. Marcos died. You really think a kid's gonna pursue revenge on a classmate's grieving parents? I had my daughter do a little digging at school, and she thinks something might have happened at summer camp -- I'm sorry. Your daughter thinks? This isn't kids' stuff. This isn't about summer camp. It's about money. Those greedy sons of bitches at the district are trying to shut us up. I just want to make sure we look at every possibility. Look, we've got three days to settle or drop this suit. We know who's doing it. You just have to find something that proves it. I'm heading over to the oliveras' house. It's their bowling night, so I'd figured I'd do a little stakeout, see if I can't catch the guy in the act. Good luck. If mr. Oliveras doesn't think camp is important, he's forgetting how brutal teenagers can be. Here it is. Itemized charges for july. Camp selfquest. Not to be mistaken for the elf-hunting camp of a similar name. "Camp Selfquest is an intensive program for teens struggling with their sexuality. Selfquest offers a unique plan proven to redirect teens to a more traditional, healthier lifestyle. Selfquest can motivate a permanent change." Marcos was gay? Who are you? I live next door. I'm just a neighbor. You always wait till bowling night to come calling on your neigh...? I came over to borrow a couple of beers, okay? My wife won't let me keep beer in the house. So you come over here, toss back a few, maybe turn around a few pictures, spray a little cologne? You think your wife would ease up on you a bit if you had enough property to extend your house? What? I know you're looking to buy this place. How bad do you want it? I came here for the beer. Ask carlos. Go get your beer. I'm good. Mr. Oliveras? Keith Mars here. A couple questions for you. Does your neighbor routinely keep beer in your fridge? He does? And he has the alarm code? Okay. Second thing -- another toy bus appeared, in your fish tank. I found a scrap of paper in your wastebasket with your alarm code written on it. It's scribbled on the back of some Simon and Stern letterhead. Yeah. The school district's law firm. I thought that would make you happy. Yep. I'll bring it to the deposition. You're welcome, mr. Oliveras. What is wrong with people? Wake up, sleeping beauty. What the hell is this? It's the "people's court," junior. You're on trial for the murder of Felix Toombs. Sorry I don't have a bible for you to swear on, but I'll get the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help me, god. That's your judge and jury. I'm the prosecution. You -- you get to represent yourself. The first question for the defendant -- what happened to Felix that night on the bridge? I don't know. I don't know. He's all yours, judge. No! No! No! Oh, come on, man! One in six says you take a bullet. No, come on. Come on, man! Don't do this! Come on! What, are you crazy?! Oh, jesus! I'll ask you again. Look, I -- - what happened?! - I can't remember, okay? I swear to god, I can't remember. Damn it, man! I'm telling you the truth! You're a killer, aren't you, boy? Just like your old man. Oh, god. Please! Pl-- no! No! No, no, no, no, no! No! Oh, stop, please. Okay, I don't know anything. Damn it, man. I swear. Don't talk to me. It's the judge you got to convince. Please. I'm telling the truth. I didn't do anything! I swear to god! You know what I think the problem is? This boy don't care about his hands. Let's try some more valuable real estate. Oh, come on, man. No. No! No! Please! Please don't do this. Come on. Please don'T. Please don't! Uhh! Please! Listen to me. Why would I lie, you guys? Come on, man. Please. We're done for the night. Give me a hand, man. I think he might have wet himself. Is it done? Oh, it's just getting started, weevs. You have no idea the hell you just brought on yourself. Fish sticks and chocolate milk. Yuck. That can't be good for you. Can you graduate already? What did Marcos tell you about Camp Selfquest? What the hell is Camp Selfquest? It's the deprogramming camp Marcos' parents sent him to. You know, to make him un-gay. Marcos wasn't gay. You sure about that? Positive. He talked about chicks all the time. He wasn't a fairy. He was playboy-loving booty hound. Do me a favor. Never describe me. He was all about girls -- all the time. He almost got his ass kicked for it once. By the girl? By her jealous boyfriend. Okay. Okay. "Sorry, but I've got a jealous boyfriend who knew I liked him, so." Maybe the secret admirer can give me an answer. "Free concert tickets for high school students. The radio broadcast alliance is seeking students for a survey in concert promoting. To apply, please call 619-555-0127 immediately." I'm sorry I'm a little late. That's fine. Our lawyer said there'd be a few papers that you'd have to sign for us in addition to testifying about what you discovered. Excuse us a second. Before I'm deposed, there's something I need cleared up. What's that, Keith? I found fish food floating in the aquarium. For the life of me, I can't make sense out of it. I suppose the guy who broke in decided to... feed the fish. I know this harassment - whatever the cause - must have been terrible for you. And I feel bad I didn't catch him red-handed. But I can't help but wonder if someone left that last toy bus and that scrap of paper for me to find. I'm afraid you don't want me testifying, mr. Oliveras. I suggest you take the settlement. Hello? Radio broadcast alliance. One reverse phone book later, and I've got the address of Marcos' secret admirer... and hopefully the not-so-loyal girlfriend of the crazy, jealous boyfriend. Veronica Mars. Roxie. I have a couple questions for you about Marcos Oliveras. What about him? Come on. Don't play coy. You sent me an e-mail. You called and hung up. No, I didn't. Ryan, you didn't forget my milk shake, did you? Do you have an idiot brother, too? You can get me later. Ryan, I think I'll get you right now. I used to listen to the show religiously. I didn't know Marcos at school. I-I just knew who he was on the radio. I was pretty much in love with him. Marcos and Butters -- they signed out this reverb Mike from broadcast journalism. I heard it used in the show, so I knew it was them. I told them I was a fan. Thus began our beautiful friendship. So, you guys were like a couple? I wish. More like I was madly in love and 100% gay, and he liked me as a friend and was sexually on the fence. I kept trying to subtly push him over. I was giving him a back rub this one time, and his parents came in. For some reason, seeing their shirtless son with a boy straddling him was upsetting. They shipped him off to camp homophoby and made him promise to never see me again And then he died. No. And then he was forced to do normal things, like go on field trips to baseball games. Marcos is dead for one reason -- because he was desperate to win back his parents. Still, the Oliverases lost their son. Those pranks really hurt them. Good. That was the idea. I'm sorry I've been so out of it lately. I guess it's just a confusing time, you know? I don't know why you're so confused. You either want to save me, or you don'T. You know you're the only one who can. [playing: Ivy - Ocean City Girl] Keeping secrets away...</i> Ocean city girl Is fading