Are you doing anything special to mark the one year anniversary of Lilly Kane's murder? Tell me again how you solved the crime. An anonymous tip. Did anybody show up to collect the reward? Do'ya find that strange? Damn it! Wow. That's really criminal of you. - I'm Veronica, by the way. - Mac. I know who's responsible for scaring Mom away from Neptune. Clarence Wiedman. The man who took surveillance photos of me. So if Jake Kane is my biological father, that information is going to be worth millions. Good morning. Or not. You don't go to the oceanside bars that the college kids hang out at, do you? I prefer the biker bar by the train station. I get more attention there. I'm kidding. Why would you ask me that? Twenty year old co-ed washe up dead on the beach. Scary. Wait. Wasn't this your case? I thought they caught this guy in Oakland two years ago. Well, apparently they didn't. Everyone wanted to believe the Oakland strangler committed the Neptune crimes too. It never quite fit. Oh, but it was so important for the mayor and the Chamber of Commerce to put that scare behind us. People are really freaking out about this E-String Strangler. My mom is scared to drive home alone. I told her this time she can be happy she's not the guy's type. My dad barely let me out of the house this morning. I hear you do detective stuff for people. - I do favours for friends. - I can pay. Sit down, friend. What can I do for you? I was hoping that you could find some dirt on my parents. Why Jackson Douglas, I do declare! You want me to dig up dirt on your own parents. I need leverage. They're crazy strict. They grounded me for two months for smoking up in my room. Apparently you've never spent time in a black woman's house. Be glad you're still walking. Yeah, well, they act like they were always perfect. And every little thing I do wrong is catalogued so they can rub my nose in it later. Sure you can handle the truth? The '70s and '80s were not pretty decades for people. - We've all seen the pictures. - I can handle it. Now as for the small matter of compensation. I love my parents. All right. Come to my party. No need to bring gifts. Happy birthday to me. The rite of fall. Madison Sinclair's birthday. Best party of the year and I can't go because I'm grounded. - Her parents must looove her. - They really loved her, they would've gotten the real Beatles. Veronica Mars. Is your daddy here, or is he busy peeking in people's windows? You stop dressing up like Little Bo Peep, he'll stop peeking. Your father? Deputy Lamb is here. He's got the mayor with him. Show him in. Yeah, sure. I'll just have Rod Serling wait out here on the couch. The detective will see you now. - It's been a long time, Keith. - I know. Good to see ya. - I wish it were under better circumstances. - Sit down. Can I get anybody anything? Water? Coffee? A banana? - We're good. - Okay. Just leaving. So how can I help you gentlemen. You know the situation... Thank you Keith. Appreciate it. See you tomorrow, Lamb. Um-hmm. Can't wait. What was that about? What's tomorrow? The day I go back to work at the sheriff's department. Season 1 - Episode 11 Silence of the Lamb</i> You're going back to work at the sheriff's department? It's temporary. I'm just there to work on the E-String Strangler case. And you're teaming up with Lamb? It's a bitter pill, I know but they're paying me my normal hourly. And Lamb agreed to this? His head didn't explode? The mayor didn't give him a choice. I'm the closest thing they have to an E-String Strangler authority and it's a big priority for the mayor. A killer preying on partying college girls tends to kill the Spring Break business. So this is all about tourist revenue. - God bless America. - Well, whatever their motive, I'm glad to be involved. Hey, if you're working at the Sheriff's office, you'll have access to the Lilly Kane files. We can finally get our hands on that Crime Stoppers Hotline recording, find out who the anonymous source was, the one who fingered Abel Koontz. Veronica, that won't be on my agenda. Here are the highlights. Your dad was busted trying to buy an eight ball from an undercover cop at an Eagles concert in '74, your mom had five speeding tickets and a collision on her record before she graduated high school. I don't care what they say about you, Veronica Mars. You rock. Yes, I do. I also take cash. I hear you can dig up dirt on parents. The first two victims, Katherine Wills, Andrea Sims were found in 2001 and 2002 respectively. They had certain shared characteristics. Both were undergrads on break, both were attractive social girls, both had... - Hard partiers. - ... both had high levels of alcohol in their blood - and both were abducted on Friday nights. - Technically, early Saturday morning from midnight - to closing time. - The bodies were found in the bay. A single nickel-plated guitar string tied around their necks. The latest victim, Amy Polk, was killed with the exact same MO. So he kills them with the guitar strings? - Naw, that's just... - It's his signature. His mark. The girls are asphyxiated. The strangler thing came from the press, it's a misnomer. There's evidence that these women have been held for 48 hours in a contained space, basically suffocated. The murders are reminiscent of the Hillside Strangler case. Except the Hillside Strangler actually did strangle the girls. Party girls, like ours. Picked up outside of bars. - Killer leaves his mark. - Okay. Okay, except for the asphyxiation, the imprisonment, the body disposal, these cases have a lot in common. What do we know about the killer? He hates women, he craves attention, he's a luuser. The weekend killings suggest the guy has a traditional job. Amy Polk was found with wrist bands from local bars on her wrist and smudged ink on her palm that looked like it could be a phone number. Lab boys in LA are trying to decipher it. Imagine the poor sucker waiting for that phone call. Your mom sued her parent for emancipation when she was sixteen and then moved to Hollywood. According to the Internet Movie Database, she went on to play such roles as "Trucker's girlfriend", "Screaming maid" and "Bi-curious room mate". Your mother was married in 1985 for 36 days. - Shut up. - To a pro-skier she met on Spring Break. They drove to Vegas, did it drive-through style and she had it annulled. And she calls me boy crazy. You just made my gear. - Hey. - Hi, Mac. Hope I'm not interrupting anything. Come on in. It's a spiffy new Beetle you're driving these days. Yeah. Well, the purity test was probably my finest hour but that's nothing compared to what this could be. It's time to think global and act local. Okay, you're exposing parental secrets for fifty bucks a pop. We create this website, double the fee, we have no overhead because I've already bought the domain name. With your sleuth prowess and my programming skills, I don't think it's an exaggeration to say that we would rule the entire known universe. I can barely handle school and my cases as it is. Think about it. This isn't just a college fund. Potentially this is our retirement fund. I will definitely think about it. There is just one more think, about my folks that I was wondering about. You PIs have access to search engines that would take me weeks to hack into, so... - I mean I have cash. - No. Gotcha. Keep your money. It's a professional courtesy. It's not that they're bad parents. They just... don't get me. They're nachos and NASCAR people and I'm more... - Falafels and Fellini? - Exactly. Your last name's Mackenzie, right? Um-hmm, Natalie and Sam, 9715 Colony Place. - Mom is Natalie Franklin? - Yep. Oh, you had a birthday a couple of days ago. Yeah, one more year until I can leave home. Okay. Sam's had a few tickets, tax audit, nothing strange. ...huh, except that. What? According to this, they won a million dollar lawsuit against Neptune Memorial Hospital in '92. - No way. That's got to be a mistake. - Hello? Sleuth prowess. Come on, they hate lawyers and they never even go near the hospital. You want me to look into it? Yeah, I do. Neptune isn't short on millionaires but I figure a judgement that big against the local hospital might have made the papers. It's beginning to look like I'm wrong. Hold the phone! I was expecting something like "Woman Accidentally Receives Pig Heart" but no, I have to find out the one thing that can completely wreck Mac's life. How do you live a normal life once you find out you were switched at birth. Hello Cleveland. - "Spinal Tap". - What? The movie "Spinal Tap". You've never seen "Spinal Tap"? No. That explains a lot. Is there someone that actually works here? Dawg, look like you need help. He's waiting for you to throw your panties. Can we lose the noise? Noise! All I hear are sound waves woven into melodic poetry. Hey! We can do this here or down at the sheriff's department. So what's up? You lookin' for a band to play the policeman's ball? We're looking for a murderer. Found this guitar string tied around the neck of his last victim. Is there anything special about it? This exact string? This is a triple nickel antioxidant special order string we get for just one customer. - A guy we call Devil Dave. - Do you know where we can find this Devil Dave? - Devil Daaaave? - Huh? - Did you kill anyone this week? - Uh-uh. Your basic guitar string? Same as any other string. Betcha the criminals in town are shakin' in their boots knowin' you're on the case. - Mental note: put in a security system. - Right. So ya, ya think the killer's a guitar player? That is brilliant. I think guitar players are a little too busy nailin' women to strangle 'em. Ooow! Even the wannabes and losers living in Neptune who don't realize if they haven't made it by the time they turn thirty it's because they're not going to? They're too busy? Nice art work. Yours? Guitar players, the heroes of our modern age. Strappin' on a guitar. Does it get rid of feelings of inadequacy? Does strappin' on a gun? - Hey. - Got a minute? Ho, ho, ho. Ryan, open that door and you'll know pain like you've never known in your pathetic little life. Enjoy the peace. Lasts about seven minutes tops. Whoa. Who's your curator? You like it? It's my own little cave. Whenever I run out of space, my dad just builds me more shelves. Knock, knock. You must be Veronica. I wasn't sure if you were a normal eater or one of those freakball vegans, like Cindy. Uh, more normal than freakball, thanks. Okay, thanks Mom. Okay. Cindy? It won out over Barbie. So what did you find out? Has to be pretty big for you to come deliver it in person. Suspense effectively built. Hit me. Dad always says, this is the job. Telling people stuff they might not want to know or might be better off not knowing. It is big, like, life-altering big, so you should really think about if you want to hear it or if you'd rather just forget it and go on with your life. - And may I suggest option B. - I'm adopted, aren't I? Go ahead and tell me, it would explain a lot. Well, yes and no, um, the Mackenzies aren't your biological parents. So what does that mean. You were sent home from the hospital with the wrong family. Oh my god. And there's more. More than that? Another family was awarded a million dollars at the same time. Okay. Um, another baby girl, born the day after you were and your biological parents took her home. Another girl, born a day after me. I was switched at birth with Madison Sinclair? You were bartending Friday night at Body Shots when Amy Polk came in. Recognise her? Honestly, I can't tell them apart anymore. They all have that same sorority girl in heat look to me. We suspect she was there with the man who killed her and you remember him. Gentlemen, I can't help you. It was Friday night and Friday night is ladies night. Two for one shots. It's wall to wall drunk bitches. Do you mind toning down the language. Ooops. Sorry. Now that one, I would've noticed. That's my daughter. Wouldn't mind havin' her call me daddy. Whoops! Sorry! Sit down. - Can I help you? - You must be new. I'm Keith Mars' daughter, Veronica. Ah. Leo. Did you just tell me your sign? My name, actually, though I am coincidentally enough a Leo. I'm just bringing some food for my dad. Ah well, you can put it on his desk if you want, unless it's gonna go bad or something, then we have a mini-fridge, I could put it in there. I might just take you up on that 'cause there's coleslaw. No problem. Word of caution. You probably shouldn't trust me. Oh yeah? Every night at nine, the whole crew goes out to dinner leaving the rookie here to answer the phones. I usually wind up getting dinner at a candy machine. A pastrami sandwich could prove to be very tempting. - You looked in my bag. - I told you, I'm a scoundrel. A rogue deputy is among us. No sandwich is safe. I tell you what. If you promise to come back and visit me, - I will stay out of the fridge. - Deal. Oh my Deputy Leo. You might as well leave me a key and a map. What about the guys who hang at Body Shots? Anyone suspicious? Mostly loud-mouth frat boys. You know who you should talk to? The Worm. The Worm? Yeah, this guy who shoot videotapes of all the girls, then sells them to "Girls Gone Bad". Where do we find the Worm? Think he's got a girl in there? I think he's got a video rental. - Yeah, can I help you? - Sheriff's department. - We need to ask you a few questions. - You recognise her? No. Are you sure? 'Cause we heard you were filming at Body Shots the night she disappeared. Take another look. No, really, I don't know her. Listen, I've gotta get dressed for work, so if that's everything... Sure, no problem, thanks for your time. - Right, yeah? - Hey, if you think of anything, just give us a call. I guess you didn't notice, the guitar sitting out there in plain sight. - I saw it. - So what does he need, a shirt reading "I'm the E-String Killer, arrest me"? Let's go back. He needed to look like he's not going to soil himself. If he gets any more freaked out, he's going to destroy those tapes before we get a warrant. You should have consulted me first. What did you want me to do, consult you in pig-latin? He was standing right there! You don't make the decisions around here. I am the Sheriff. I noticed. Thank you. Hey, did you get any sleep last night because I... Helping to keep America beautiful by picking up the litter? Wanna crash a party with me? Bad idea, Mac. - Bad, bad idea. - It's my chance to see how the other half lives, especially since I should have been the other half. So this is where the bourgie folks live? Upper upper bourgie. It'll be fine. Hey, happy birthday. What are you doing here? I came to celebrate your birth, but these two just wanna hook up. I mean, who invited you? That would be Seth Russell, from History? No, it was Adam Bunting. Adam Bunting. Isn't that the guy who looks like Fievel? No, no, that's Adam Hamilton. Nobody talks to him, he's poor. He still looks like Feivel. But... I didn't invite Adam! I remember, it was Kevin Powell. - Who? - Kevin Powell. The last time I crashed an 09er party, I got ridiculed, roofied and woke up missing my underwear. You can imagine how glad I am to be back. Hey, hey. I hear you're working some magic lately. Uh, can you help me get my parents off my back. I'm gonna go find a bathroom. Uh, shop's closed right now, Bud. All right, come see me at school on Monday. Hi. Hi. You didn't see me, huh. I'm Lauren, I'm Madison's sister. Hi Lauren. - I'm Mac. - That's a cool name. Thanks. So. - What are you reading? - "The Westing Game". - It's really good. - Yeah, it is. I'll probably finish it tonight. Madison says I have to stay in here. What are you doing in my parent's library? - She's read my book. - No one's supposed to be here. It's off limits. There you are. And you. I won't even start. God, Madison, they're here for your party. No, Lauren, they're crashing my party. You need to leave. You don't belong here. - Well actually... - We were just leaving, right Mac? Happy Birthday, Madison. Thanks for being such a gracious host. Martha Stewart has nothing on you. I could tell Mac I know how she feels, but the truth is, I don't. When I had the opportunity to learn my paternity, I chose blissful ignorance with a side of gnawing doubt. Think she's even read five books in that library? She wouldn't know Monet's Water Lilies unless Revlon named a nail polish after it. I have a blood sister I've never even heard of. And Madison has a brother. Why didn't they just trade us back? We would have gotten over it eventually. I suppose they got kind of attached in those first four years. They should have figured it out way before then. At two I was spitting out corn dogs and tuning the radio to NPR. Did you ever find out what happened to that million dollars? Still working on it, unless you wanna just blow it off. No. Keep checking. I've come this far. See ya. Okay, well, thanks for calling me back. That was one of the "Girls Gone Bad" producers. They've never even heard of Eddie LaRoche. Ah, so this guy's been videotaping girls for his own personal enjoyment. Nice. Told you I had a bad feeling about that guy. - This the stuff from his apartment? - Yeah. Pervert's recorded 40 tapes-worth of girls flashing their ta-tas. Okay, well, we should split these up... We'll split 'em up and we'll see if any of the victims are on 'em. Perfect. Hey. Strings from Eddie's guitar match the strings left on the victims. I know, I'm shameless. But every time I start to feel guilty, I remind myself that Lilly would be thinking about colleges right now or what new CD played at maximum volume would most annoy her mother. And I remember my mission. Hungry? So what made you decide to be a cop? Oh, well the same old tired story. I was sent here by the agency to do a strip-o-gram for Inga. An armed robbery call came in, I figured I was in uniform anyway, so what the hell. So you're saying you just kind of stumbled into it. Uh, what I'm trying to say is, this uniform, it's... it's a tear-away. Hello? Is anyone back there? - Hi! - Hi. I need to talk to someone about the noise level in my neighbourhood which is truly out of control! I mean, you got motorcycle gangs, gunshots... - Wha... - ...heavy metal music? It's gotten to the point where I can't even sleep at night. - Well, why don't... - I'll bet that if my zip code ended in 0909, you'd have a patrol car swinging by the house every 10 minutes. "Good evening Mr. Weevil. Is there anything we can do for you?"</i> That kind of service. But no, it's the barrio.</i> So you figure, hey, they'll sort it out themselves.</i> And don't get me started on what this is doing to the property values in my neighbourhood! I have a good mind to run for the city council and if I win,</i> I'll promise you this. Heads... ...will roll. We could send a patrol car by.... I'm wondering if I'm better off speaking with your supervisor. Well, he won't be in until morning. Well then you leave the sheriff a note: he shouldn't expect Eli Navarro Esquire's vote this year! Sorry, couldn't get rid of him. No problem. Seventeen? You're seventeen? I don't see how my age is relevant to this discussion. Well then, you're not reading my mind. I'm afraid to ask. - And how old are you? - Twenty. Yeah, I can read the wisdom in your eyes. I've one line, that's it. You wanna hear it? Sure. My band's playing this weekend. If you wanna come down, I'll put you on the guest list. - And that line works? - On occasion. But the good thing about the line is, it's a no-risk line. You throw it out there. If she shows up, hey, she's interested. If she doesn't, you haven't embarrassed yourself. Of course, if the girl you're chatting up can't get into the club... then the whole thing's kinda useless. A cop that rocks. What will they think of next? I'm trying to cover all fantasy bases. The Crime Stoppers Hotline CD I snuck out of the evidence room should have a recording of every call on it. What I wanna know? Who gift wrapped Abel Koontz for Sheriff Lamb. There's been a suspicious vehicle parked on my street for days</i> and I'm wondering if it's somehow connected to the Lilly Kane murder...</i> I think I saw the girl on the day of the murder, at the gas station on main...</i> What's up? It was me. I killed her... - My neighbour? I can hear him... - I have grave concerns about a sheriff's department...</i> - I would love to send them a card... - The logical by-product of the evil practices of Kane Software...</i> I know who killed the Kane girl. His name is Abel Koontz. He lives in a houseboat on the marina. Amy Polk is on this tape. Let's bring this guy in. As always, a day late and a dollar short. I already got him sweating in interrogation. She was on one of mine. - So how you wanna play this? - I say we play to our strengths. So I'm good cop? Why don't you admit it, scumbag? Say it. I killed those girls. I wanna go home. Oh, I'm sure you do. But you still haven't told us why two of the murdered girls ended up in your little do-it-yourself porno tapes. Why'd you lie to us, Eddie? Why'd you tell us you didn't know Amy Polk. - There have been so many. - Why'd you keep them alive 48 hours, huh? Are you lonely Eddie, did you just need someone to talk to. Huh? If I tell you can I go home? Start writing. We'll see. Don, can I talk to you a sec? Everything we have on this guy is circumstantial. I mean, obviously he has some mental issues. No judge is gonna allow his confession. I'll take that chance. I'm saying I'm not sure he's our guy. What's the problem? Too easy for you? Let me ask you something. Where did he keep those girls for all that time? It couldn't have been his apartment, the walls are too thin. We know he doesn't have other property. I don't think we can eliminate the possibility that it was someone else. Like who? Jake Kane? Ah, well lookie here. He's writing. Keith, I'll handle it from here. We'll send you a cheque. What do you got for me, Eddie? Is it a page turner? - Hello? Mac. It's Veronica, hey. I just emailed you a sound file. The voice on it has been digitally altered. Do you think you can strip it down? Maybe, I'll give it a shot. Thanks. Also, I think I found out what happened to the money from the lawsuit. You know "Funtime Motors"? They sell jet skis and four wheelers? Yeah, sure. My dad's a salesman there. He used to own it. Your dad started that business in 1992. He filed for bankruptcy in 1994 and it was bought out in early '95. You still there? I'm okay, Veronica, really. Mac, I know this is hard to hear but you did have a choice in all this. There's a reason this was kept a secret. Yeah. I'm not gonna do anything stupid. I just need time to think. I'll talk to you later. Hello. Hi. I'm Cindy. I think I left my purse in the library when I was here for Madison's party. You were... Okay, well, come in. Lauren, - this is... - Hi, Mac. - Hey. Finish your book, yet? - Twenty pages left. Can't wait. Mac thinks she might have left her purse in the library. Would you go check? It's leopard print. So, how's school? It's good. I mean the actual school part is good, anyway. - What kind of college do you think you'll... - Mom! Did you pick up the dry cleaning? I can't find... Oh, hi honey. I guess you know Cindy. She thinks she might have left something here. You were here long enough to leave something? So, anybody want a snack? No thanks. I'm not hungry. - Sure, if it's not too much trouble. - No, no trouble at all. I'm going upstairs. Thank you. - So I could make you a sandwich or... - You know, I... I should probably go. It was nice to... Are you sure? Somebody help me, please? - What's the problem? - My daughter Kelly. She went off last night with a group of girlfriends, even though I warned her not to go to those bars. She didn't come home. Ma'am, I'm sure she's all right. - What's going on here? - Her daughter's missing. The strangler's got her. I know he does. If you don't find her, I will hold you responsible. All of you. What are you doing here? I told you, you're out. Yeah, well, that was before I knew there was another girl missing. We got the test results back from the writing on the victim's palm. They were able to put together a seven digit number. It belongs to Vic Sciaraffa. The bartender from Body Shots. - Who's out in the field? - Haymark and Jones. - Send them to his apartment... - Already did. He's not there and his car isn't in the carport. I want you to send out an APB, notify the Feds. We gotta move on this thing. Okay, let's go. Veronica, hey, it's Dad. I just need to know where you are right now. Veronica? It's me again. Listen, I'm tracking your phone right now. Can you call me as soon as you get this? It's cool. It's cool. Dad, everyone. Everyone, Dad. - Hey. - Hey. - Ah, dude. Are you okay, honey? Aside from never wanting to show my face again. - What's going on? - There's a new girl missing. The killer might still be on the loose and he's... he might be a guy who doesn't like me and does like you. So you two know each other? Did I forget to mention that? You do this yourself? Yeah, we were getting a lot of noise complaints from the neighbours. Will you follow Veronica back to the sheriff's department? Yeah. - You got your piece with you? - Ah, yeah. Okay, you go, come here. Deputy D'Amato and I are checking out Evermore Guitars.</i> - It's probably nothing. - Roger.</i> Closed Saturday and Sunday. Abducts the girl Friday, disposes of the body Sunday night. It's a theory at least. What do you wanna do? Find a way in. What is it? Wrist band from Body Shots. Hey, can you stay here? Give me a signal if he shows up. Hello? Is someone out there? Hold on, hold on, I'm coming for ya. I'm with the sheriff's department. Hang tight. Are you okay? Breathe. Stop. Now, or I will shoot you. You know, saving the life of a gal's dad, smooth. Hey. - Is everything okay? - Not really. Sheriff just came and told me I've been suspended for a week seeing as the evidence room was left unlocked on my shift the other night. Somebody must have snuck off with the key when I wasn't looking. You know anything about that? Can't say I wasn't warned. Same old story. Girl uses boy. Girl falls for boy. Boy saves girl's dad's life. Girl gets what she deserves. Yeah? It's me. Are you busy? No, I'm suddenly very free. I decoded the message, I think, so do you wanna swing by tomorrow morning and hear it? Sure. You gotta make it early though. I'm going camping with my family. Camping? It's a bi-annual rite of torture. I'll play this recording at a few different speeds. - Tell me when you think it's right. - Sounds good. Oh, ah, honey. Did you remember a pillow? - Yeah, I've packed it. - Good. So where are you guys headed? Ah, Yosemite maybe. I never know 'til I get there. Okay, here we go. The Kane girl. His name is Abel Koontz. - No, nothing yet. - Let's try this. I know who killed the Kane girl. Veronica, I gotta go soon. I know. Can you just try it one more time. His name is Abel Koontz. He lives in a houseboat on the marina. Stop. I know who it is. Ryan, if you don't want to be left, I suggest you get into this camper. Honey, you have everything you need, uh, pocket knife, headlamp, latest works of staggering genius? - Yeah, Dad, it's all accounted for. - All right. Cindy! What are you doing? Come on, let's go. I'll be there in a minute, Mom. So where are we going this year, anyway? Come on. Let's hit the road. I suppose this isn't my smartest move. I don't care. I want him to know what it feels like. Hey boss. Package came for you. How'd this package arrive? Messenger. I wanna find out who paid to have it sent here. Today. You send target photos of me to my mom. You call in the Abel Koontz tip.