Logan's high-priced lawyers crushed the P.C.H.Ers, and the town went crazy. You're breaking up with me? Someone's gonna get killed, Logan. Ah, young love. - Let's just get on the bus. - I'm gonna miss you. Did I mention that he didn't take the breakup that well? So, where did your dad meet her? She was a laker girl. And you know my dad -- he has good seats. The way she's acting, you'd think I seduced Duncan on their wedding day. I'm gonna go try and talk to Meg one more time. You don't owe her anything. You didn't do anything to her. I thought it was important as a mayoral candidate that my daughter, gia, attend the public high school in Neptune. All here? All here. They're all dead! It just went straight off the cliff. They're all dead! If a school bus traveling 40 miles per hour drives off a cliff and plunges 90 feet into the jagged coastline, how many seconds do the six high-school students, their teacher, and bus driver have to contemplate the fact that they're about to die? Two mississippis' worth of screams, life flashes, and prayers, maybe. But if anyone used that time to make a deal with his maker, only one of them was heard. How's Meg? The same -- unconscious but hanging in there. Hey, cindy, I'm gonna take my break. Can you watch the front? You have to stop torturing yourself. I'm not torturing myself. I'm experiencing an appropriate degree of guilt. There's no crime. This isn't your fault. If it wasn't for me, Meg would have been in the limo. She'd be home. She wouldn't need a machine to breathe. You're not the only one she was avoiding. Yeah, I was. If I wasn't with you, Meg would have been. She'd be safe. When you guys are done breaking up, can I get a macchiato? I'm actually just the hostess, but -- look, I don't care if you're the house magician. Can you just make me a macchiato? Your macchiato. You know you can do better, right? Will any s ort of bus-maintenancerecords be made public? Several parents have questioned the district's commitment to providing new, well-maintained buses in a town where only kids from the poor side of town take the bus. The bus driver was from that same side of town. Maybe they should think about that. So is the bus driver the focus of your investigation right now? Are we looking at doyle? Of course. Have we uncovered information that concerns us? Yes. Such as? Such as a history of mental illness, a history of marital problems. We know that ed doyle was prescribed an antidepression medication, and that prescription was never filled. There was also one previous attempt of suicide. And there were no drag marks or skid marks at the scene? There were not. So, just to be clear, you are investigating the possibility that doyle drove off the cliff to commit suicide? We are investigating all possibilities. Sir, sir! Since the bus crash, reporters have laid siege to the school, all looking for those students who want their name in the paper or face on tv so badly that they're willing to pimp out their memories of our dead classmates to anyone who asks. Morning. You know who I am, right? I do. Just out of curiosity, did you know who I was last week? Nope. Your dad drives one bus off a cliff, and your days of being under the radar are over. I'm sorry. Did you want something? Yeah, so, I need proof that my father didn't kill himself. Um, I have a mother and a little brother, and we've become accustomed to having a place to live and, like, food. Insurance companies don't pay if they decide it's suicide. Jessie, I wouldn't even know where to start with that. I mean, how do you prove that someone didn't kill themselves? If I knew, I wouldn't be waiting for Veronica Mars in a bathroom. I'm sorry. I can't. Great. Because "I'm sorry" is so helpful. Jessie. You know, if my dad killed a bunch of people I went to school with, I don't know if I'd have the nerve to show my face at school. Hey, Veronica, are you and Duncan coming to Logan's "life's short" party? It's gonna be -- okay. I'll help you. But you must chill. A long time ago, we used to be friends but I haven't thought of you lately at all come on, now, sugar bring it on, bring it on, yeah just remember me when we used to be friends a long time ago we used to be friends. I don't even know what I'm looking for -- skid marks the sheriff's department missed or purposefully overlooked? There's nothing here to help jessie. There's nothing here to help anyone. I guess my dad doesn't rate a votive candle. This doesn't mean anything. If you were on that bus, you would want your pile to be the biggest. Come on. There's nothing here. Neptune -- cleaner, safer. That's my entire platform. I'm running for county supervisor because I care about this town. It's my home. Dakota, you're stepping in too soon. Come on, man! When you gonna get off the field? It's 11:05. You guys are supposed to be off the field. Wow, you can tell time. Do you know what the key element to my safer plank is? - I don't. - Having an effective sheriff in office. Keith, I want you to run for sheriff. I'm prepared to use all my resources to support your candidacy. - Mr. Goodman -- - Woody. Woody, out of curiosity, where did you stand when I was removed from office? I signed the petition to get rid of you. I'm admitting right now that I was wrong. We had a good thing going with as you as sheriff, and there's a whole community, I believe, that realizes that now. Come on, guys, let's go play. Woody. Hey! Break it up! Break it up! Come on, hey! Break it up! Break it up, fellas! Come on, now! There's enough daylight for everybody. I apologize, boys. I see I let things run over. Sportsmanship -- that's what it's all about, isn't it? That's what separates us from the animals -- that and opposable thumbs. All right. Boys, clear the field. You guys have a good workout. Cheers. Come on, hustle it up! You want to make the big leagues? You'll think about what we talked about and get back to me by the end of the week? Of course. Great. Come on, you guys. Let's go. Hustle up! Hustle, hustle, hustle! Hustle! Come on, now! I believe -- and correct me if I'm wrong -- that woody goodman is what some people might call a shoo-in. He is unopposed. So he's basically guaranteeing you a victory? What is there to think about? Elections aren't that easy, Veronica. Sure, they are. A couple of catchy bumper stickers, your handsome mug plastered on all the benches in Neptune -- done and done. Elections dredge up ugliness. I don't want to subject you to that again. You want to protect me? Run for sheriff. ...Before driving off the pacific coast highway. He was kind of a weird duck. You could tell that right off the bat. The guy comes in, buys a couple things, pays, goes to leave, then stops -- right? -- And then comes back to the counter, all serious-like. Picks up one of these. Can you guys see that? It's a st. Christopher medal. My man pays for it, then throws it out, just like that. I can't imagine where I'd be if you had gotten back on that bus. You'd be sad for a while, and then you'd probably turn my room into some sort of sewing nook or yoga studio. You don't have to make a joke, you know. Sure, I do. You know, I wonder what else the bus driver bought -- the couple things the clerk mentioned. What if it was nodoz or red bull? That would tell us that he's sleepy, right? And if he fell asleep, that would explain why there were no tire marks. Veronica, you can't try to make sense out of this. I know the bus driver's daughter. I think a little rhyme or reason would probably make a big difference to her. Yeah. At least everyone we know got off the bus, except Meg. You think her face will be, you know, normal? What a bitch! Hey. Been looking for you. What's wrong? You've been listening to radiohead, haven't you? That's it. I'm putting you on a strict nelly diet. And how should I be feeling? Happy, like you? I think you missed the boat on the watching-me-sleep years. It's 8:00. When do you plan on getting up? The plan was two hours ago. The reality is another 40 minutes. No, no. We're not gonna play this game again, jackie. - You cannot Miss another day of school. - Even if I have cramps? You know, from my monthly? Jackie! Wow, that was pretty fatherly. Almost sounded like you'd been saying my name in exasperation for years. All right. How about we try this? You can get your ass out of that bed right now, or you can go back to new york and explain why you're there to your mom. So, this is how it's gonna be? "Clean your room or you can go back to new york? Get straight a's or you can go back to new york?" And you can also add, "speak to your father with the respect he deserves or you will go back to new york" to your list. I'll be back in two days. You can reach me on my cell if you need anything. Hmm. These don't look german. You're not taking the porsche. You take the bronco. Servando was just an exceptional person, you know? I guess you never met him because you're new, but you would have loved him. He was this badass P.C.H. Biker, and he was on the honor roll. They didn't give him a hard time? Well, I guess at first, but then they learned to respect it because that was the kind of person that servando was. You should take this to the attendance office. And where's that? Mmm! Thanks for taking me. I don't know what I would have done. This school is so big. You know, I'm just trying to be a nice guy. How's that working out for you? I'm getting about three hallways worth of quality time. I'm gonna say it's going pretty good. Look, I haven't dated a guy in high school since the 8th grade. I'm an old soul. Seriously, these eyes have seen things. Did I mention I'm a nice guy? Ah, "nice" -- the great panty dropper. - Okay, I'm not that nice. - Oh, yes, you are. How do you know? 'Cause I haven't tried to make out with you yet. Oh, you're one of those -- only like the bad boys. Why do all the hottest girls always have a daddy complex? Daddy complex? What? I was kidding. I met you about three seconds ago, and you've already got me analyzed. Get over yourself. Jackie, I'm sorry. I was kidding. A "whatever, bitch," and a 180 back to study hall and we could have had something. Afternoon delight? Ooh, considerably better than 5th-period english. Oh, you need to not remind me you're in high school. There's an ick factor. Is that so? Yeah. School in general, not very hot, unless I'm wearing a naughty schoolgirl uniform. Then it's very hot. I'm sure it would be for the three seconds you had it on. You know, you're my first younger guy. Oh. It is an honor and a privilege. I suck. I was just trying to make you feel better. I'm struggling with all this, too. I know. I know. I just have all these conflicting emotions -- Grief for everyone who died and everyone who lost someone Guilt about Meg. The one that kills me -- joy. Because I'm alive, and by all rights, I shouldn't be. Veronica, it's not your fault. I'm afraid that line only works in "good will hunting." Being with a younger guy must suck. Hold it, hold it. Someone's home. Never, ever let that country club valet touch the car. It comes back with a scratch every time, all right? Oh, my god! You scared me. - Hey. - Hi. Hey, why is Logan's truck in the driveway? Uh, because there's water in the pool. He's upstairs waiting for you. And I'd really rather your friends not just show up whenever they want. I'm not running an orphanage here. Dude, why is your stepmom such a bitch? Seriously, a guy asks for one sandwich. Hey, Logan. How's everything going? Really well. Thanks for asking, Mr. C. And you? Excellent. See, you had to one-up me. Listen, don't worry about Mrs. Casablancas. You're welcome here anytime. You like to bust chops. I respect that. Hey, thanks. Dick jr. And I are going over to the firing range tomorrow. Interest you in a little target practice? As long as I'm not the target. Okay. So I guess I'll just stay here and knit something. Detention, and you locked your keys in your porsche. Bad first day? Someone hit my father's car. Aw. And if that isn't bad enough, they left a fake note. "People are watching me leave this note. "I'm sure it looks like I'm leaving my insurance info. I'm not." That's just mean. This is exactly what my father's expecting. I can help...if you want. I can. Like how? I know someone. Trust me. I'm gonna track this scumbag down. Hey, Wallace. What you doing? Remembering why I'm a misanthrope. They're selling souvenirs, Wallace -- bus-crash souvenirs. You okay? Yeah. I'll be fine. What did you need? Don't worry about it. I'll take care of it myself. I'll see you tomorrow, all right? Yeah, okay. So? It's all good. I'm on the case. Now, how to convince this spotlight-loving bozo that I'm his friend. Please let ed doyle's last meal be super-caffeinated. Give me something good to tell jessie. Hey, you're the guy from the news, right? I am, man. Did you see that? Check you out. Let me ask you a question. Do I look fat to you? 'Cause I was watching it on the news, and I was like, "damn, I look fat." Then I read something on-line says the camera adds 10 pounds, so I was thinking maybe it was them. But just in case, I started a diet regimen this morning. God, that must have been so freaky to be the last one to talk to the bus driver. It was weird. Just thinking about him standing here is, like, just so cool. Or maybe you think that's weird. I don't know. I'm kind of into the macabre. Yeah, you're one of those freaky sex-and-death-type kids, aren't you? We've been getting a lot in here lately. Boss tells me to throw them out, but I'm like, "no way, man." Goth money spends just as well as, uh... non-goth money, so... but if we've been getting a lot of munsters in here, I'd say that you're the Marilyn, hon, 'cause you're...pretty. Thanks. Okay. Would you think I'm sick if I asked for the last meal the bus driver ate? I would, but you wouldn't be the first. You'd be, like, the 97th person that asked for it. - Really? - Yeah. Let me tell you something. If I was gonna do a kamikaze, you know, off a bridge with a bus full of kids and stuff, a convenience store would not be the site of my last meal. I'd want to eat something on the brink of extinction, you know, like the last emu or a meerkat. Would definitely not be a monster glug, right, and a bag of peanuts. $1.98, hon. Slushie and peanuts? That tells me nothing. $3.02. One, two, three. There you go. But I can't leave here without one of these. Hmm. St. Chris. Hope it helps you. Didn't help him. There you go. Thanks. Be careful going around those cliffs. Don't pull a bus, please. You're too cute for that. "No change -- don't ask," huh? Wait. Ed doyle's saint toss wasn't a sign he was turning his back on god. He just needed change for the phone, so he bought the cheapest thing he could find. But who did he call, and why doesn't anyone know about it? Either I am getting stealthier or your hearing is not what it used to be. What do you want, Veronica? An application. Right. It says right here you're looking for a part-time receptionist. Why aren't you in school? Job hunting on my lunch break. I have excellent time-management skills. I'm also great with people, and I have a very soothing phone voice. You're serious? As a code 3 on a 187 is a res. Dist. Is there someplace quiet I can fill this out? Few people have quick access to pay-phone records. On the short list, the police. Hi, this is deputy ann shaughnessy from the Neptune county sheriff's department. I need a number and an address for a call placed last wednesday between 4:15 and 4:30 P.M. What's up, man? Hey, what's up? I always see you guys playing hacky sack over here after lunch. Chip? Sure. Nice. Hey, my friend's car got slammed the other day. I was wondering if maybe you saw something. Yeah, the porsche? - You saw it? - Yeah, man. That was rough. This chick just came out of nowhere, slammed into it. Just pow! You know who it was? Some blond chick. She had a nice ass, but I never seen her before. But if that's all you got, I got to go look at every decent-ass blond chick in the school. She was driv ing a green car,if that helps. Thanks. You'll never guess who's in the interrogation room right now filling out an application. You're right. I'll never guess. Who? Veronica Mars. You left Veronica Mars in there alone? I got it. Thanks. What are you up to, Veronica? Last question, actually. "Why do you want this position?" Honestly -- and really tell me the truth -- how much of an ass-kiss would I be if I admit it's to be close to you? Seriously, why do birds suddenly appear every time you're near? So I got the basics from the stoners, right? Used my attendance-office connections -- don't ask -- and I got a parking-permit list. Name -- bam! Plate number -- bam! I got the car, make, and color of every student's car parked at Neptune high. Weeded out the dudes, and then -- wait for it -- cross-referenced to the yearbook to eliminate all the nonblondes. And, yeah, then there were four. So you located the bitch? I'm in the whittling stage right now. It's a process. I checked out two suspects. One's been driving her mom's blue dodge all week, and the other one's car is mint. My father's coming home tomorrow. It'll be fixed by tomorrow. Yeah, but when the credit-card bill is due, I won't be able to pay it, and I'll have to go to him. You'll have your money by then. I'm telling you, I will find her. I promise. Wallace Fennel is on the case. You know what that means? That Wallace Fennel wants to get in my pants. And...what else? That's all I've got. It's already solved. There's only one girl left on the list. What are you doing? Jane! What did you do to yourself? I had knee surgery. Ohh, ouch. When? About a month ago. I didn't think you knew who I was. What? Are you kidding? No. I mean, we had spanish together all last semester, and you never said two words to me. In english, either. That's bob. He's my friend -- kind of my chauffeur friend right now. But, um, he's just a friend. Yes, there's sugar in here. We like our iced tea to come from crystals. It's fine. Thanks. So, um, my dad calling someone is a good sign then, right? It might be. Do you recognize the name "cotter"? The address is from your apartment complex. Did your dad ever hang out with any of the neighbors? No. I went by there earlier, but no one was around. I'll stop by again later. Is your mother home? No, she's picking up my little brother from daycare. - I have a search warrant. - What for? Looking for evidence. Suicide is a crime. Suicide that takes the lives of six others is murder. What are you doing here, Mars? Jessie's a friend. That'll slow 'em down. You ever shoot before, son? Uh...no. It's a good way to let off some steam, but when you're at the point where you want to shoot someone, you want to take them down, you don't want to wing 'em. Heart and head -- that's where it counts. Ain't that the truth? You need focus, precision, the ability to only think about the task at hand. When I'm working, my family doesn't exist. That sound awful? No. It's not. Because when I'm with my family, work doesn't exist. I think my father has a similar philosophy. Of course, he's a murderer, so... yeah. Yeah. Hey, we should have some chicks over tomorrow night. Dad's got this banquet at the Neptune grand, and he's forcing kendall to go with him. Have you forgotten? I live alone. Yeah, but only psycho chicks want to go to casa de killer. I need a job where I get paid to read the personals and drink slushies. You see this? It's about servando. If I die unexpectedly, do me a favor -- go on "oprah" and tell the world I loved kittens. "Servando wept the first time he saw 'stand and deliver.'" Where do they even get that stuff? There was this new girl in class just soaking up the drama. She probably couldn't wait to talk to reporters. Yeah? Wait. Let me guess. Save our beaches, right? - Jeff cotter? - Yeah. My name is dawn -- dawn lamb -- assistant to the district attorney. Did you know ed doyle? Um, he was the bus driver in that accident, right? Yes. I've heard of him, you know, from the news. I think he lives around here, too. What's this about? Ed doyle placed a call from a convenience-store pay phone to your apartment about 15 minutes before the bus went over the cliff -- last wednesday, 4:05 P.M. I was in new york on wednesday. Just got back this weekend. Hey, carla, sweetheart, come here. She's saying that bus-driver guy, the guy from the accident -- he called here last week. Who? Ed doyle. Were you home last week between 4:00 and 5:00 P.M.? Yes. But I don't know what you're talking about. Wait. I did get a wrong number last week. It might have been wednesday. Thank you. Sorry to bother you. No problem. Jessie, what's up? Jessie: You can stop whatever you're doing. Why? My father killed himself. The sheriff found his suicide note saved on his computer. How can you cry about him? You think he cared about either one of us? He left us with nothing! - Mom! - What?! I think we can stop worr yingabout appearances. Hey, you know not to listen to her when she's like this, right? I don't know. Daddy was sick. He was in a lot of pain. Where -- where was it? It's hard to explain. Can I go play outside now? Yeah. Just stay in the yard, okay? Maybe he'll feel better when he's older, when he can read this. Sheriff was kind enough to print it out and fax it over. "I'm sorry to leave you this way, but I truly believe in my heart that it's for the best. I can't go on like this. I can't stay just for the kids. Even though they mean more to me than anything, this isn't good for them." You know, my mom was right for a change. Better off without him. Jessie. Slow night? Not bad. Busy enough to not get bored, slow enough to do my homework. I used to work nights at a store when I was in high school. Sweet gig. You go to Neptune high? Yeah. Ah, must be rough. Anyone close to you involved in that crash? No. Good. Thank god. Still, you probably knew some of the kids, right? You looking for a story? You got something? Can I see this for a minute? I've never seen notebooks like this. Reporters all use them -- easy to hold and write at the same time. So, you said you knew some of the kids. No, I didn't. One quick question. If ed doyle dialed the wrong number, why was it a 4-minute call? I read his suicide note today, and I have a theory. He wasn't on planning on killing himself or a busload of kids. He was planning on leaving his wife -- I'm guessing for you. Come in. Carla, this is jessie. You look just like your picture. That's why they call them "pictures." Your dad... talked about you all the time. Yeah. Sorry. Can't say the same. We were in love, your dad and me. He called to say that he'd see me later. He didn't mean to drive that bus off a cliff. He just couldn't bring himself to leave you and your brother. He didn't want to leave you with your mother. Now I wish I was less understanding because I never really got to be with the man that I loved. You know the charge that goes up your spine at the moment of epiphany? It just hit me. I'm not going to let the list of things I want to do before I die turn into a list of regrets. You came. Oh, hey. What are you thinking? You know, I was trying to remember the over-under on the ohio state-texas game. Oh, god. What is that? Oh. Maybe we did it wrong. Uh, so, what's the protocol here? Do I bang my fist on the wall, call the front desk? Attempt to out-moan them? There's really only one thing to do. Spectra vision -- loud. Hmm. What's different about you? Did you cut your hair or something? F.Y.I. -- If the cuddling is the best part, he didn't do it right. Neptune grand on fifth street. Room 1147, please. Hello? Hmm. Why didn't you wake me? I have about 15 minutes till my dad activates the homing device in my molar. Make sure you really clean that up, because if we get bugs, I'm gonna be pissed. Hey, keith, you looking for me? I am. All right. Good. Hit me with some good news. I appreciate the offer, woody, but I've decided not to run. No. Good luck with the election, and you can count on my vote. You change your mind, you give me a call. I feel pretty good about the decision. Fair enough. You take good care, keith. Always a pleasure. All right. Just listen to me for two seconds. I've been here for three hours. Talk to me for one minute. My father did not kill himself. We have the note. We have the physical evidence. - The case is closed. - Open it back up. That wasn't a suicide note. He was leaving my mom for another woman. I have proof. Listen to me. You have to give another press conference, okay? Please! I have a little brother. He's 8. He needs to know that my father didn't kill those kids. Sorry about your loss. The case is closed. What are we doing? Exercising patience. Just wait for it. Wait for it and go. Wait. She's the one? My plan is unfolding. Let's just be impressed, watch it play out. - Thanks, but I got it from here. - Whoa, whoa. Do you want your dad to hear you got into a catfight the first week of school? You have my spark plugs? You have your insurance information? Paper bag, backseat. Thank you. Chances of her knowing how to replace a spark plug? Chances of me running into her in the girls' locker room and unleashing my own brand of justice? Slim. She doesn't go here. She's a reporter. Think Drew Barrymore in "never been kissed." Hey, if Drew's in it, I've seen it. I let Clemmons know we had an imposter on campus. Oh, another thing you should know about me -- I like my gratitude in small doses, spread out over time. I may have to reconsider my stand on nice guys. Um, who was that kissing you? That was jackie. Oh. Hey. How did woody goodman take the news? Pretty well, actually. He wasn't bummed? Nope. Then he's crazy. I told him I'm running. Oh, my god! Oh, that's great. That's great. I feel safer already. What? You look different, that's all. Okay, I know my father is a brilliant detective with a keen intuition and a finely tuned B.S. Detector, but there is no way he can tell that I've had sex.