I found it on the bus. You checked out the bus and didn't tell me? I should've taken over this case. You ever hit the clubs in L.A. Veronica? I'm 18. I'm a bouncer. You come up, I'll get you in. Okay. I thought you killed Felix. I didn't. It's down to 2 guys. How we gonna figure out who did it? The one that did it is the one who is in business with the Fitzpatricks. Who are you? I'm your father. You sent me in to arrest Carl Morgan, A.K.A. Nathan Woods. Chicago cop. Why did you really come back Wallace? Then you know my new teammate was Rashard Rucker. Rashard had a few beers but... He said he was okay to drive. This wino staggered in front of the car. He hit him. Ernie Sayers, Chicago statesman. The homeless man was a victim of a hit-and-run. So what's the question? The question is what kind of man were you planning on being? So, the manager's boyfriend just dumped her and she says this helps with the stress. What is it? A german chocolate nut-gasm. I don't think that's gonna help. Well, eat it anyway because Rashard Rucker isn't just any guy. You are about to implicate the basketball phenom of the decade, the second coming of Lebron James, in a hit-and-run. And all those people around him, waiting for it to start raining million-dollar bills... they might open their newspapers tomorrow and decide they don't like you. I got to do the right thing. But, look, you don't have to do this. I'll be fine. Please. Let me. My boyfriend just fled the country with his dead ex-girlfriend's baby. I need a project. Your reporter is here. I'll send him over. Don't let him misspell your name. Keith. Evening, Inga. How's police work? Don got some big bus crash leads hidden away? I know nothing. Oh, okay. I'm being audited -- no big deal -- but I was hoping you could get me copies of these old expense and salary documents. Goodness. We have it, but it will take me awhile to dig this out. I've got me a book and a Bad Company album. Take all the time you need. You ever lose a card? So? If somebody found it, it's no good. We change the codes. You still need a card, right? Inga has the codes in a drawer. She can just make a new card right there. No one keeps an eye on the third floor evidence room. The hard drive of the surveillance camera is so undersized that they have to dump the files every couple days. Bless you, Inga. My pleasure. How was your book? Weird, but I expect it'll start making more sense soon. Hey. Oh, you look better than I expected. I figured you'd be covered in eggs and rotten fruit hurled by angry basketball aficionados. Me, too, but there's nothing. I checked online, radio. No word. Maybe he's just a slow typist. You should try that cobbler, Molly. It'll surprise you. Thanks for the tip, but I don't really like surprises. And why are you sitting here? Well, I was gonna start with some small talk, but okay. Were you dating Felix? What? No. What are you...? Where did you get this? Apparently, he was gonna get you tattooed somewhere on his person. And from your reaction, I'm guessing it wasn't gonna be on his forehead. Yeah, it was kind of a secret, and I'd appreciate it if it stayed... Was he working for your family? Was he dealing for them? What? I thought you were friends, but If you're asking me that, you didn't know him at all. No,  I knew him. My uncles and cousins didn't know about us. If they'd have known, they probably would've killed us both. How did you guys even meet? At church. St. Mary's. Of  course. Only place the Micks and the Spiks ever get together without someone getting punched. My uncle's a priest there. Liam Fitzpatrick? If that guy's a priest, then I'm Buzz Aldrin. His brother Patrick. That's my family. 12 hoodlums, one priest. You haven't touched your cobbler. Yeah, I don't like surprises, either. Hello? Wallace, you know what's in this morning's paper? Nathan? Look I know what you said, but I just couldn't pretend. I had to do the right thing. The right thing? Son, do you know what it says? No, but I know what I... this is why I wanted you to keep quiet. Rashard, and the other two kids in the car, just came out saying when the car hit the homeless guy, you were driving. A long time ago, We used to be friends, but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 2x12 Rashard and Wallace go to White Castle</i> So that's what happens when you try to do the right thing. Just looks like I'm trying to weasel out of my evil deeds. No, the weasel is this basketball guy. God, I just want him smashed. Hey, the paper's from the library. The last thing I need is the librarian turning on me, too. And Rashard's cool. It's not like he's not like... Cool? Um...are we thinking of the same word? Because I don't remember, say, Steve McQueen ever hitting a homeless man in his hummer and framing someone else for it. No, he's got this uncle. He's like his father, manager, and enforcer. These guys all lying? That's got to be because of him -- Uncle Rucker -- paying 'em off or scaring 'em. Look, he's coming here. U.C.L.A. Is trying to recruit him. If I could just talk to Rashard alone... We were friends. I'm sure he... Yeah, he'd say, "Excuse me. You're standing between me and my money." Man, is there anybody you don't think is corrupt deep down? Yes, you. And I don't want you suffering for it. Because jail... it's no fun. What's no fun? Um...jail. Oh, I thought you were talking about Mr. Wu's game-show quiz. No, I was talking about jail. So, Wallace, I haven't seen much of you since Chicago. How was it? It was all right -- a bit complicated. I left you a couple messages, but when I didn't hear back, I figured... Yeah, I was just taking some time. But we should hang out... the three of us. I dunno, maybe this weekend? I'm busy, but you guys go ahead. Right. Uh...see you around. You guys didn't work out your stuff yet? I'm just trying to figure out if I can deal with someone like that in my life right now. Answer: no. What you need in your life right now is a good lawyer. Do you know a good lawyer? I know a lawyer. Right. Got it, thanks. So, it's called self-surrender. At the negotiated time five days hence, Wallace Fennel will turn himself in to the Neptune sheriff's department, who  will oversee his transfer to the Chicago police. What if I'm not there? Then they'll issue a warrant. You'll be arrested, probably found guilty, and end up "married" to some enormous murderer named Tiny. My advice? Be punctual. Or  prove your innocence. Or that. Suit yourself. All right. So that's good. Good? What... in the same way that Rashard is cool? Do you know what any words actually mean? I mean if I'm cleared in the next five days, I'm back on the team in time for the Penn High game. Penn High? How can you even think of the game right now? Rival school, biggest game of the year. I can't help it. I'm male. Well here's a message from the females: you're nuts. So, let's see what's up for "bribe Rashard into being a bruin" week. You got his whole schedule. How did you manage that? Remember Tracy James? You mean? Yes, those boobs named "Tracy James" that went to Neptune and are now a bruin cheerleader. She says our best bet is the booster dinner. Booster dinner? Can we get in? No. But she says it's not uncommon to find certain slightly skanky girls lurking outside in hopes of meeting the big recruit, and given that these recruits are teen males, often succeeding. That happens. So you think when I apply to coll... No. But it does seem like our best bet to get you to see Rashard. Veronica? What? You got my future in your hands. Don't drop it. I believe the correct response is, "How can I be of service, Sir?" Can you dig up the Murray file? I guess now we need to destroy it. What? They reconciled? How? Mystery of love would be my guess. A million-dollar "sorry I banged the maid" ring would be mine. What? What, no, I don't want to see the one where you can see his... Take a look in the top right corner. It's Terrence Cook and... Miss Dumass, the journalism teacher. Who died in the bus crash. When you met Terrence the day the bus crashed. What was he like? Um, nice. He signed stuff for people. The usual sports-star thing. He also has some gambling issues. Gambling issues like lost 50 bucks at the dog track? Like owes millions to scary men. And you know this how? I don't know if this will help the whole you-trusting-me thing or ruin it even worse, but during the election, I did a thing you won't approve of and now I have a tape you should hear. Drugs,  murder, frame-ups, st. Mary's church. God, why didn't we think of that sooner? Seriously, man, this has got to be it. You're convinced of this why? You met the Fitzpatrick family? I found them scrappy but lovable. So, out of 13 brothers and cousins, you got 12 hoods and a priest... Fr. Patrick. So, I was thinking... Oh, damn. What? You were thinking? You want me to alert the media? This concerns you, too, jailbird. You think I like sneaking over here like this? Focus, man. Okay, man, I'm focused. Go ahead, think. Okay, we got a Fitzpatrick priest running the show at a church where all the P.C.H.ers go, right? That's decent thinking for a novice, but aren't priests supposed to be good and stuff? Before he took his orders, Patrick Fitzpatrick was up to his eyeballs in the family business. He even did six months for assault for beating up some stool pigeon. Yeah, but in church? Where are you gonna pass packages of drugs and money? You ever been to a catholic church? So, Rashard, any more questions we can answer about the school? Well, uh, one question I had was, you know, I mean, hey, where's the party? We figured wherever you were going. Oh. I was actually just going to my limo. You know y'all is welcome to come along. Oh, gosh. Okay, so, we're headed to the Forum Suites hotel. This is how I roll! Yeah? We're on our way and everything is going perfect. We'll see you there? I'm moving. Super. Bye, then. Actually, we're in a hurry, so... Hi. Hi, yourself. And bye. Get out. Whoa, hang on. You don't say anything. Forum Suites hotel. What the hell are you doing? Nothing, man. They just a couple nice girls who wanted... First of all, I ain't "man." I'm your family, your management, and your brains, so don't be cute with me. Second, those aren't girls. Those are leeches looking for a big bag of money to latch onto. Man, it ain't... Uncle, it ain't like that. This is wallace. Leave a message.</i> Hi. We might need to make a slight change of plan. Give me a call the instant you get this message. I've been there. I've seen this happen. Some smiley thing filling out a pair of jeans real nice shows up. One wrong move and a lawsuit later... There goes your shoe deal. There goes 10 million bucks. Just down in the garage. I'm not saying don't enjoy the fruits of your success. You deserve the best. Just don't be dumb. Right  between there. Can I still go to the Alpha Rho Nu thing thursday? Yeah. Just remember you think with your brains, not with this. Damn, uncle! Just forward a little more. Ma'am, the passengers won't be able to open their doors. Rashard. I tried to call you, but your phone doesn't work down here. What's going on? Well, a funny thing happened on the way to the Forum Suites. Rashard. No. Now, what the hell is going on here? I told you once. Now I'm telling you with more force. Do not mess with my boy. I got that reporter on speed dial. I'm glad to call him again. Ma'am, do you want me to pull back, so that the door is clear? Actually, that's okay. What I want is your name and license number. I'm sorry? You're sorry? Well, you ain't the one being kidnapped, Jack. Kidnapped? You're not with them? Hell no. Are you gonna get us out of here or do you want me to dig up the chief of police's number, which I got in here, too? He's a big basketball fan. Well, it almost worked. Any other ideas? Yeah, a cheeseburger. I'm late for my shift and there's a drive-through on the way. Oh, man, the drive-through. Right, it's that thing they have where we don't even have to leave the soothing comfort of our cars. The night of the accident, like five minutes before, we hit White Castle... the drive-through. Don't you see? There's a witness right there ! The drive-through guy. He saw Rashard at the wheel. He got his autograph. I mean, hell, there might even be security tape of Rashard driving. We find that drive-through guy, I got a witness. What about my cheeseburger? Rain check. I'm heading back. Get Nathan to find that drive-through guy. Get us both off the hook. [Air Supply - "All Out of Love"] I'm all out of love, what am I without you?</i> I can't be too late, to say that I was wrong</i> Great. So I'm late. It's super busy. I missed dinner, and it's "make the karaoke machine want to kill itself" night. And, also, it seems, "Veronica, I need a favor" night. Excuse me? Can I get some h-- Wow, so who you got to know to get some help around here? Veronica Mars, apparently. Thanks, lars. That was lars, everyone. Next up -- Britt. Hey, thanks, Veronica. Make it B17 [Elvis Costello - "Veronica"] Is it all in that pretty little head of yours?</i> What goes on in that place in the dark? Well I used to know a girl and I would have sworn</i> that her name was Veronica Well she used to have a carefree mind of her own</i> And a delicate look in her eye These days I'm afraid she's not even sure </i> if her name is Veronica And how could I help you, sir? I need a favor. Ah, a favor... one of our specialties. I need you to bug the confessional at st. Mary's church. Um...I'm sorry, that's not on our menu. Maybe you should try "You're Crazy" down the street. It's not just for him. Isn't this a very odd coincidence? Or, wait... are you guys, like, roomies now and he ate your peanut butter and now you're not speaking? Funny you should bring up roomies, as I just lost one. I don't suppose you can help me find where Duncan disappeared. Ooh, sorry. One favor per customer. Uh, yeah, can we stay focused here? 'Cause if we're seen together by the wrong people, that would be bad. So this is sneaking. I've got a pantomime-horse disguise you could use. Do either of you have any experience being a horse's ass? I'm glad my misfortunes amuse you. Look, that church is the only place the Fitzpatricks and the P.C.H.ers hang together. And the priest is a Fitzpatrick. It must be where they're getting the drugs to the P.C.H.ers. He's probably the one who killed Felix. Look, Veronica, can you just once save my ass without comment? ...steal her clothes Veronica Veronica No. Because saving your ass with comment, it just -- it works better for me. I will not bug a confessional. Video -- maybe. But no sound. What did you mean by, "it smelled"? Dude, it smelled like the ass of something that died.</i> And you can't say what it was? I'm not like a professional smellologist. It stank, so I got a limo. You ever heard of the name David Moran, sometimes known as "Curly"? Curly? Sure. He worked on my dad's aston martin. That guy's a trip. Were you aware of a bad smell? Yeah, it was really bad. And then Dickie said that we should get a limo, and I think that was, like, his first good idea ever, so... The name Curly mean anything to you? Curly? The mechanic? Yeah, I met him, you know? But my dad, he went to the shop. He usually just took my brother -- cars being, you know, man stuff. Hey, honey, how was work? Interesting. And how was your day? Also interesting. I had a thought about the rat. That you could make his lips and feet into hot dogs? I think somebody beat you to that one. You thought it was a sign, a message to you: "you're a rat." What if we were just being too... fancy and sophisticated? That'd be a first. I mean too symbolic. What does a dead rat do? Besides smell? A dead rat's only talent. It smells bad enough to drive anyone who could afford another ride off the bus. I'm just saying keep in mind, honey, you're not the only possible reason that bus crashed. It always was a weird coincidence. The rich kids lived. The poor kids died. But why would someone want to kill the poor kids? Despite dad's best efforts, I still feel like I'm the only target that makes sense. So? The drive-through guy? Guy. Guy Abrutti. That's his name. Nathan tracked him... 26, caucasian, worked at White Castle for a year. That's great, right? Why aren't you smiling? Guy Abrutti hasn't come into work for the last three days. Nobody's seen him since. Surveillance video is gone, and Guy's gone. Uncle Rucker got to him. Probably bought him off just like the other guys. Got any other ideas? Cconfession at st. Mary's is 4:00 to 6:00, tuesdays and wednesdays, with bugging hours just preceding. Do I feel guilty? Yes. Fortunately, that's what this place was made for. At least Weevil was right about one thing. Fr. Patrick Fitzpatrick does look rather unecclesiastical. Definitely the priest I want on my side in a team knife fight. I'm really sorry about this. I'm going to hell. It's that simple. I am going straight to hell. Confession hasn't quite started yet, but what makes you say that? Um...well, I've done some things that probably aren't quite, you know, on the up-and-up, god-wise. I see. Is there an example of this? Sometimes, when I know someone is bad, I do improper things. Like what? Like... trying to prove to the world that they're bad and get them punished. Yes, I know the feeling, actually. You do? I wasn't always... on the up-and-up god-wise myself, but I worked at it. There's a passage -- Romans 12:19. "Vengeance is mine. I will repay, sayeth the lord." Yeah, I see now. I guess I should just probably be a better person. Thanks. "Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him." If he thirst, give him drink. "Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good." That might be something for you to think about. Man, I practically peed myself waiting on you. Where have you been? Nowhere. But if god asks, I was with you. Are you sure Rashard is gonna be here? I heard him talking in the limo. This frat party thing was at the top of his to-do list. All we've got to do is blend in, ease through the door, and get you a moment alone with him. So just hold it in. What fraternity did you say this was? Alpha Rho something. Alpha Rho Nu? A black fraternity? Part of us isn't blending in. I'll just... I'll be in the car, okay? [Namie Amuro - "Shine More!"] English version, written by Sandra Pires</i> Rashard. Rashard. Can I talk to you? Yo, excuse me a sec, man. Let's go. What are you doing here, man? You know what I'm doing here. Look, I'm just as freaked out about what happened as you, but there was a right thing to do and a wrong thing to do. And we picked wrong. It was an accident, man. End of story. End of story? Your uncle is about to have me thrown in jail, man. Yeah, it was an accident, but the truth is the truth and you can't just walk away from that. I'm telling you this as your friend, Rashard. I mean, we were friends, right? Yeah. I mean, that's what I thought. Right, so can't we fig... but then you got to try to rat me out like that? - Man, I don't even know... - What? Rashard, it's not like that. No? Okay, then what is it like, huh? You know how hard I worked for this. You know how much I got on the line? $50 million over the first 5 years, if I read it right. But I came to talk to you, man, not your uncle. Man, this is me, man! Yo, and if you want to mess with me, bring it on. 'Cause I'll hit you back 50 million times harder. Why don't you just go home, man? Get out of my life. Wallace? What are you doing here? I'm at a party. What does it look like? What's wrong? Stay away from this guy, seriously. What? Yo, you know this guy? Yeah, she knows me. She knows me well enough to take my word and go. God, Wallace, when did who I talk to at a party become your business? Come on. Jackie, let's just go. So what? You own me? It would've been nice if you returned one of my phone calls when you were in chicago, filled me in on this new development. Hey, Jackie, is this guy bothering you? Yes, he's starting to. Okay. Hey. Hey, we got a party foul over here. This little man here is messing with my special lady friend. Hey, man. Watch out! Hey, come on, man. You don't even... Now, how about we enjoy this party, huh? This party is kind of over for me. You know what? I do know a really good club in hollywood. We could have a really good time. Yeah, well, my uncle told me I got to stick around here for awhile, and just... Oh, is he here? Maybe I can ask for his permission. Okay. You know what? I call my own shots. Let's go. What the hell are you doing here? Man, I came to talk to your nephew. Look. He's a good boy with a lot on his mind, and he doesn't need a little rat like you messing with his head. You want to talk to someone, you talk to me. Better yet, you just keep your mouth shut. You see what happens when you open it. Now, where is he? Well, apparently, he left with my ex-girlfriend. But you're right, uncle Monte, he is a good boy. Where is she taking him? You know, this might actually be fun. I know where she likes to go. Place all metal objects here. Have a good time. Great. Thanks, deputy. No problem. Are you sure you don't want to stay awhile, get a little crazy? Sorry. I have to get to church. It's always an uncomfortable moment, seeing the facade come off a supposedly good person. For instance, seeing the priest who quoted you Romans 12:19 in a rather pleasant voice distributing drugs to his crime lord brother through the confessional. Wait... where's the distributing? There's supposed to be distributing. First you make me come in early, which is something I never do, and then you're late. Fortunately, I found this video online. This guy gets his whole head stuck up an elephant's... Fascinating, I'm sure, but I think you'd rather see this. So, father Patrick... Scary-looking? Yes. Evil? No. Brother Liam, on the other hand... I had to watch it twice to get how they worked it but keep your eye on Liam's hymnal. So, the Lord giveth... and the stooge taketh away. Thumper. Why don't you call for pizza? Is this...? Uncle monte rucker's super phone in which his entire universe of information is stored? Yes. If he's paying off Guy Abrutti, there's got to be a number in there somewhere. The call log goes back four days. Just e-mail all the numbers to your dad and let the police work ensue. Damn. Up high, V. Mars. Hey. What? Don't I get some? How'd I do? From what I heard, ice bitch. Oh, yeah, she was good. Poor Rashard. The kid never had a chance. It's a dubious talent, but snagging guys has always been a breeze. It's holding onto the good ones that's tricky. So, what do you think, Wallace? Are you maybe free this weekend? Hey, Wallace. Are we still on for tomorrow after the game? Oh, yes, ma'am. If I could control him, I would. Weevil, what's up, man? Here's what's up. There's a traitor amongst us, someone who signed up with the Fitzpatricks to deal drugs and break the rules. And I don't like it when people break the rules. Do I, Thumper? You got anything to say? Yeah... so what? So what if we want to make some money selling dope to rich white boys? Is that such a bad thing? I don't think so. What do you mean, "we"? Do you got a mouse in your pocket? I mean "we," like the rest of us. Right. The Fitzpatricks made Felix's brother disappear! The Reaper, your own leader! And now you want to go work for them?! Let me make sure I got this straight. Working with our enemies. You've got a problem with that? You bet I do. Then you can tell us what you were doing meeting at the Neptune Grand with Logan Echolls! And you were gonna bust me up for selling to an 09er last week. Hector's cousin works maintenance there. He saw you. all buddy-buddy with the piece of trash who killed Felix. You're right, there's rules, like not selling out your brothers. I'm not like you, Weevil. I don't make good speeches, so I'm just gonna say, "adios." I hope that covers it. Hey, hold on, man. That's enough. Let's get out of here. Take Weevil's bike, drive it into the ocean. I'll pick you up and bring you back. You lied all along, didn't you? That night on the bridge, you were there. You killed felix, didn't you?! That's an interesting theory, Eli. But before you think about spreading it around, I think you should see something. Remember this? That night you nearly kicked Curly's head in? So I'd keep my mouth shut... 'cause you probably don't want this getting around to, say... ... the cops, do you? I didn't think so. [House of Pain - "Jump Around"] Jump around!</i> Jump around! Jump up, jump up, and get down!</i> Jump, jump, jump! Everybody, jump, jump!</i> Come on, ladies, don't be shy. You want more champagne? I'm on it... room service, whatever you want. Chicken fingers, cake, fine cheeses. Just name it, 'cause you are very special ladies... and I'm on someone else's tab. See?! Pow! I think it, it happens. Greetings, kind sir. Guy Abrutti? I need to know some things. Oh, did you get this money from Monte Rucker? Did you, uh... take it in exchange for your silence as a witness? Do you remember Rashard Rucker at the wheel of a red hummer on the night of december 14th? [Spoon - "I Summon You"] Remember the weight of the world It's a sound that we used to buy On cassette and 45 And now this little girl Open your mouth and you're losing every one of those teeth. You got time, don't worry. Hey, you made it. You know, I read that article in "Scientific American" about the pep-rally effect and I thought, "hey, if it's science..." Hey, I told you everything would be good. Hey there, Monte. Yeah, I don't know how I got this thing. I just came across it. Yeah, sorry to hear about your legal troubles, but that can happen when you open your mouth. My advice? Keep it shut, uncle Rucker. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got me a pep rally. Now, that was good. Yeah. Have you ever heard the name Curly Moran who worked at Symbolic Motors?</i> My dad went there. That guy Curly was the only guy around who knew how to fix my Fiat. And were you aware of anything strange about the bus? Other than it smelled like something gross and dead? That's why you didn't take the bus home? the smell? Actually, my dad told me not to. I mean, he must've been totally psychic because he was like, "don't get on the bus." And then those guys got a limo, so... I didn't see you come in. Didn't I tell you to turn off the TV if you're not watching it? I get lonely when you're out with all your fancy friends and I'm here by myself with nothing. Did we win? Yes, thanks to Wallace Fennel's 18 points and 10 rebounds. Balboa County Sheriff Don Lamb questions baseball legend Terrence Cook in connection with the Neptune High bus crash that claimed the lives of seven people.