It's obvious to everyone else in the world. Mrs. Hauser may have seen an ill-conceived cutting board. I saw tagging. I saw code. Tell me about you and Betina. She had nothing to be scorned about. I even gave her my sharks memorabilia gift bag. To get the whole bus, you'd have to be close enough. To see exactly where we were. You think it was Weevil. You're cash-strapped. I can help. But quid pro quo, mrs. C. Quid pro quo. It's Weevil! I'm telling you -- he set me up! And I got something on you -- Bless me, father, for I have sinned. Would you like me to repeat the question, miss Mars? Could you? You said you saw mr. Echolls and ms. Kane having sex on the videotape. That's right. The actual act of intercourse? A sheet was covering them, but the motion of their bodies suggested copulation. -It just looked like sex. -And sounded like sex. Is this an area you have a particular knowledge in, miss Mars? Mr. Levois. She said it looked as though they were having sex. I need to make sure she knows what sex looks like. I'm sure miss Mars has had the required sexual education course provided by Neptune high school. I got an A-minus. Plus, I watch animal planet. Statutory rape is a grave accusation. Not to a murderer. I just have one more question, miss Mars. Are you still keeping in touch with Duncan Kane? Prepare to have your mind blown. Are you ready? Think back 18 years. Small blond baby -- born ready. Richard Casablancas was using the life insurance they had taken out for Dick and Cassidy as a tax shelter. The payout on their policies is over eight figures, and here's the kicker -- the beneficiary, should both brothers die simultaneously... Kendall Casablancas. The wicked stepmother trying to bump off her rich husband's spawn. That's a Disney movie, isn't it? She certainly had motive. It's her capability I'm not sure of. I wouldn't underestimate her capabilities. She went from spandex to cashmere pretty fast. I think I'll poke around, see what she was up to the day of the crash. Random locker searches -- a bummer for the unknowing students caught with loot. -Veronica Mars? -Here. Eli Navarro? Eli? I think it's time for you to feed buddy. It's breakfast time! Come and get it, girl. Someone was hungry, huh? Someone is baby-talking a python. Yeah. We got a special connection, me and buddy. Top of the food chain. Well, on behalf of nature, thank you for doing your part in the circle of life. Hey, I got no problem sacrificing a rat. Mac-attack, what's the haps? I got mugged. By my own principal. They took my cellphone interceptor and apparently plan on keeping it until the end of the year. What happened to "end of the day"? Why wasn't that working? Everyone still kept bringing in their cellphone interceptors? Is there any chance you can get it back for me? I borrowed it from my buddy at radioshack because apparently I've become a psycho ex-girlfriend, and I wanted to listen to Beaver's cellphone calls. -You're judging me. -Nope. I'm judging myself. "Why don't I have a cellphone interceptor?" Please respect the business model, Veronica. I do the gadgets. You do the actual espionage. I'll see what I can do. I don't know if waiting for Clemmons to go lunch qualifies as espionage, but setting off his secretary's car alarm? Pure Bond. He changed his lock? Man, he's gotten paranoid. Hey, Vincent. I was hoping you could do me a favor. That box of confiscated items in your dad's office -- the locker-search booty? Yeah? I was hoping you could help me get something out of it for my friend Mac. -What's in it for me? -You get to stick it to the man? And by the man, I mean your dad. I get to do that plenty. I do need a prom date, though. I am not going to prom with you, Butters. I wasn't asking. So,  what? I'm supposed to go out and find you a prom date? I want to go with your friend Mac. I think that can be arranged. My dad always has bus-circle duty immediately after the last bell of the day. Meet me in his office. -That  was your secret knock? -The genius is its simplicity. We have exactly 11 minutes before my dad gets back. The box is under there. Wow, Butters. This is way cool of you. Just so you know, I'm an excellent dancer, so don't worry about that. Oh. Okay. I'll try not to. Well, I don't have to dance, though. I enjoy it, but I also enjoy a good conversation. Look -- fake vomit... courtesy of locker 213 and whoever is in locker 792 is sans one "smell it, bitch" t-shirt. So, Mac, what color dress are you wearing? I'm actually wearing pants. I just don't want the corsage to be, like, blue, and your dress is red, and you think I'm an idiot. -Veronica? -Oh, your cellphone interceptor. Do you mind if I give this "Anarchist Cookbook" back to Weevil? You know his locker number? Who else would brag about meeting Satan halfway? Fine. I'm thinking white limo. If that's cool. Wow. You look exactly like this calendar in my uncle's garage. Now hop your ass off before you scratch my paint. You seen Thumper lately, Weevil? It's just...nobody's heard from him in weeks. He doesn't show up soon, he's gonna miss prom. Yeah, well, I'm sure he's crushed. So, I found this in Clemmons' office. According to the note, it was confiscated from your locker the first week of school. Any particular reason you needed "the Anarchist Cookbook"? Yeah. I tried making the survivalist stew. Didn't much care for it. Yeah, on top of the stew, it's also a manual for making bombs in your basement. Wait a minute. Just so we understand each other, are you accusing me of blowing up the bus? I'm exploring a theory. You didn't just happen to be at the gas station out on the P.C.H. You were following us, Weevil. The explosion didn't kill those people. The drop into the ocean did. Who else could have timed it like that? You could have hit "send" on your cellphone, blown up the bus without me even knowing it. Except why would I blow up a bus with one of my boys on it, huh? You didn't mean to. You and Cervando meant to take out the limo. You, mr. "I sacrifice rats", even put a dead one on the bus to force the rich kids into it. And what? We got the big yellow bus and the long black limo confused? Nope. You put the bomb in Dick's goody bag. You didn't realize he gave his bag to Betina. You really think any of those 09ers was worth all that effort to me? -Logan was. -He wasn't even there. He was supposed to be. Are you telling me you wouldn't off the guy who killed Felix? Well, at least you got it right with Thumper. That makes you top of the food chain again, right, Weevil? A long time ago, We used to be friends but I Haven't thought of you lately at all Come on,now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 2x19 "Nevermind the Buttocks"</i> You've been following me. I hear you can find stuff. Sometimes...for a fee. I want you to find the owner of a car. My, uh... my dog, Apache. Someone ran over him. They swerved right onto the lawn, and they killed him. That really sucks. I'm sorry. I heard tires skidding. I caught a glimpse of the back of the car. How much would you charge to track it down? Depends. 50 bucks if it's easy online stuff. If I really have to dive in, it  could run you $250. Is there any way I could pay you with meat? Meat? The best times of my life were with that dog. He loved to go hunting. Loved it. That's  it. Except it was green. Okay. Green plymouth barracuda. 1970 to '73. Good news, Harry. I don't see a lot of 'cudas except on "Nash Bridges" reruns. Now let's see exactly how many are registered in Neptune. Exactly none. But you'll keep looking? I will. Can no one find Bob Patton? He owes me a 10-inch story on the high price of graduation. Veronica, you mind digging up a generic student-life photo? Any photo. We've got a hole to fill. How much would it be to buy an ad that size? 40 bucks. Veronica, I've got a favor to ask. Who doesn't? I was hoping you could put in a good word for me at the hut. I already dropped off an application. Like, for a job? Please, Jackie. $6.75 an hour isn't gonna keep your dog in sweaters. The Cook family assets have been frozen. The only company at home are repossessors. Okay. I'll see what I can do. Oh, hey. Um, I know you're looking for another waitress. Um, someone I know -- a friend -- dropped off an application. Her name is Jackie. I got a whole stack of applications. Your friend has no experience. None. She's never held a job. She could really use it. You'll vouch for her? If she sucks, you'll fire her? -Yeah. -She can start tomorrow. There's no way you're working that hard. You heard me coming and turned off "South Beach," didn't you? Can you think of any reason Logan Echolls would have gotten three calls from Kendall on the day of the crash? Well, let's see. I believe the latin term is "coetus sordidus." They were sleeping together? That was weeks before Kendall's husband fled the country. Logan may be a little fuzzy on the commandments. Wow. And you knew about this? Not at the time. You think you could stomach finding out if Logan happened to be with Kendall at the time of the crash? As a rule, I like to start every school day with a hot blonde waiting for me in the parking lot. Me too. -I'm not blond. -Or hot. Got a question for you. Remember back when you were doing the deed with Dick's stepmom? Mmm, vaguely. I remember she thought I was hot. Were you with her on the day of the crash? You two talked on the phone a few times that day. Man,  you're obsessed with my sex life. Do I need to start carrying around a webcam from now on? -Logan. -Day of the crash, day of the crash... uh...I'd really have to consult my feelings journal to be sure. Kendall stood to make millions by sending Dick and Beaver over that cliff. There was an insurance policy. Kendall requires a domestic staff to make cereal. Think she could really plot a murder? Were you with her at 7:03? Actually, she kicked me out before the sheets were dry. But considering her husband's fondness for handguns and the fact that Dick and Beaver could come home any minute, who could blame her? Anything else? Oh, I got to second base with Tammy Forester in eighth grade in Duncan's closet. Last summer, I made this townie girl moan without even using my hands. Is any of this relevant? Should I make a list? Veronica... you placed this ad, right? This is your e-mail? -Yeah. -I've seen this car. This car mooned me. Or at least some guy in the car did. Where? When? September 13th, 7:00 P.M., Pacific Coast Highway. Gia... it passed by our limo just a few minutes before the bus went off the cliff. So you're saying a green barracuda passed you guys in the limo? Yeah. I mean, is this a barracuda? I'm not a car person. Yes. What did the guy look like? All I saw was his butt. He gave us a pressed ham as they drove by... or should I say "gave me"? I was the only one in the limo facing that direction. I just figured they were a couple of stupid college kids. Why is that? They had this mascot sticker in the side window. How long before the crash was it? A few minutes. I only remember because I was on the phone with my dad. He was calling to see where I was to make sure I was able to pick up Rodney after his piano lesson. Thanks. Okay, I tried. It doesn't work. You want us to do this platonic thing, you gonna have to make some adjustments. Like what? Like...that. And this. What do you want me to do, Wallace? My burka's at the cleaners. Let me drop this dumb pals act. Wallace, I told you. It's been two weeks. That's like a decade in high-school years. Jane's going on a date this weekend. Why are you so worried about what other people think? I mean, you're already that girl whose dad blew up the kids. Think anyone's out there saying, "yeah, but at least she keeps her hands off of other girls' ex-boyfriends"? Thanks for breaking it down, Wallace. Hey, come on. You know what I'm trying to say? Yeah? Hi. I'm Veronica. Yeah, you go to Neptune, right? You're  like a cheerleader or something? Or something. Can you tell me where I can find Harry? What'll you give me? Two bits, four bits, six bits, a dollar. And as a bonus, I won't beat you silly. I might like that. Ow! Ow! No, I don't think you would. He's out back. I hate fake deer, too. Every time I see their stupid fake-deer faces, I want to grab a shotgun and go all Cheney on them. So, did you find the guy? Not yet. Just a small lead. Maybe. But you will find him, right? Do you have some deep-seated deer issues you want to talk about? Nope. I love animals. They're delicious, right? Ha ha. So, you said there was a lead? Uh, sort of. Do you remember on the car, was there a sticker on the window? I don't know. There might have been. It was pretty dark. -Is it important? -Uh, I don't know. It could be nothing. I really want this guy found. Come here to start something, dawg? Just let me wash up beforehand... unless you don't mind grease around your throat. You made a mistake. Mistake? So you come here 'cause you think you can take it back? 'Cause it's all I can do. It's the Fitzpatricks, Weevil. They've been all over us. Just treating us like their bitches. My guess would be that's 'cause you are their bitches. Just been getting worse, man. We need help. You still here, Hector? Remember Arturo? That freshman you wouldn't let join up? He got a cigarette lighter to his face when he missed a payment. People are gonna die, Weevil. Your people. Thought you should know. Hey, dad. Okay, honey. Now prepare to be impressed. Dad, you've shown me your yearbook. The whole Rick Springfield, feathered-hair thing -- it looked awesome on you. But those days are over, and it's time to move on. This is Kendall Shiflett's high-school yearbook. And she was named "most likely to commit murder for profit"? That would really support our latest theory. Page 87. I marked it. Hello, weird-hairdo-girl who is not Kendall. It gets weirder. Priscilla Banks? A senior? I don't get it. Neither did i until I found this. The real Kendall Shiflett is dead. And even weirder still, miss Banks, our fake Kendall, was at the wheel when she was killed. The lengths a woman will go to to shave a few years off her age. Or the name change had something to do with the six months she spent in prison for wire fraud. Rather interesting, huh? Admit it -- the old man's got some P.I. Chops. Well, I thought it was some pretty sweet detective-ing. I got to run. I just got a lead on the barracuda that ran over a classmate's dog. It now occurs to me that a bat or a large stick might have been a good idea, given the profile of your average muscle-car-driving, ass-flashing, dog-murdering... -Who are you? -Uh, hi. I was just wondering if you've seen a green muscle car ...around the neighborhood. A barracuda. Young lady, I haven't seen anything since my cataracts came back. -I'm sorry. -What do you want with my car? Wow. It's yours. It's just that my dad is super into them, and he's always talked about getting a "souped-up 'cuda". That car belonged to my dear departed husband, bless his soul. And it's staying right where it is in that garage until they carry me out in a box. Now, excuse me, but I'm missing Vanna and Pat. And what enjoyment exactly do the blind get out of "Wheel of Fortune"? -Hello? -Hello, mr. Banks? Yes? This is Terry Whittaker calling from the Handley High Alumni Association. We're planning the big reunion, and we're having some trouble locating Priscilla. We'd sure like to track her down. Well, so would we. I'm sorry? Last we heard, she was living in Neptune, California. I only know 'cause she sent her ma a "get well soon" card a few months back. Did you happen to keep the return address? There wasn't one. I guess she didn't want us writing back. Thanks for your time, mr. Banks. If you find her, you mind telling her her ma passed on? You here to confess? Is that your tail I see between your legs? No. But I can see how you might get confused. I need you to get me into Clemmons' office. Look, I know you got a key. You spend as much time in there as he does. You want my help? You're gonna have to answer a few questions for me. First, what do you need out of Clemmons' office? A paddle. It belonged to Thumper. Clemmons confiscated it. Belonged? Interesting use of the past tense. What's so special about this paddle? I saw it when I dumped the carnival cash in Thumper's shop locker. It had license plates and grids on it. I'm guessing those plates belong to the people he was delivering product to for the Fitzpatricks. He probably made it as some kind of insurance policy. How's that working out for him? The Fitzpatricks have turned the P.C.H.Ers into slave labor. There's nothing those guys won't do to ensure timely payment. Threats, beatings, torture. That paddle, if it is what I think it is, it's serious leverage. Fair enough. Second question. Why were you following the school bus the day of the crash? Cervando. I loved the guy, but he was book-smart and street-dumb. He was telling anybody who listened how he hustled Liam Fitzpatrick, and word was out that Liam was looking for him. I had his back, just in case. You believe me? How could I not when you're batting those Maybelline lashes at me? Hey, dad. I'm heading out, honey. See you at home soon? I have a shift at the hut. Lock up, would you? Eli. Sheriff. Key, please? -Keep it. -Seriously? Yeah. Clemmons changed his locks. It's worthless. What? You make me jump through all your hoops just so -- Lucky I have a copy of this, huh? You're unbelievable. What do you say we figure out who some of those fine folks are? What a relief. It seems I wasn't lying about Jackie's waitressing skills. Nice to see all those Manhattan ballet lessons finally pay off in the service industry. Hey, Jackie. Table eight requested to sit in your section. -Hey. -Hey. Look, what I said to you at school -- don't worry about it. Can't help myself. I'm worried. I didn't mean for it to come out like that. What I was trying to say was, if it's really your own reputation that you're worried about, then I hope you can get past that. But if it's not about your reputation, if it's just that yodon't feel the same way about me that I feel about you... then I'll understand. And I'll back off. It's not that. I like you a lot, Wallace. Too much, I think. Then to hell with what anyone else thinks. -I've been accepted to the Sorbonne. -Hey, that's great. It's in Paris. I leave the day after graduation. What's that give us? Five weeks? Just enough time to get our hearts broken? There's no happy ending out there for us. The barracuda is on the move. Sorry to ask you this on your first night, Jackie, but can you cover my tables until closing? Sure. No sweat. Thanks. I owe you. Wait for it. ["Treat Her Like a Lady"] You've got to treat her like a lady</i> [Cornelius Brothers and Sister Rose] and she'll give in to you,</i> Uh-huh now, who can see? You know what I mean? Oh, you got to love her Love her</i> And tease her Tease her</i> But most of all you got to please her Please her</i> You got to hold her Hold her</i> And want her Want her</i> And make her feel you always need her Need her</i> You know a woman Woman</i> Is sentimental I think he's still inside. I just saw a flashlight moving around. Hand me my gun out of the glove box. And she'll give you happiness -Hey, sweetie. -Dad, I need your help. I'm following this guy, and I'm pretty sure somebody's gonna get shot. Tell me where you are, honey. The northwest corner of Satsuma and Chandler. I want you to pull up in front of the house and wait for me with the engine running. If you see anybody but me coming toward the car, you get the hell out of there. You understand? Where are you? Dad? Dad?! Talk to me what's going on? Dad? Dad? Dad? Dad? Help you find something? Oh, my, my, my. But maybe it is true about the luck of the irish. Keith Mars on the wrong end of a robbery in progress. Unbelievable. Hey. You want to make a run for it -- it'll just help sell my story when the crime-scene investigator show up. Liam... don't do this, please. I have a daughter. We've met. Sweet girl. I'll keep an eye on her when you're gone. What are you doing here? Who's that in my house? What the hell is going on? Move, or you're a hood ornament. Why was the former sheriff in my house? He didn't say. This is bad. Yeah. I got to track him down and ask him. That would be worse. His gun wasn't loaded. If you wouldn't have hung up on me, I could have told you. The bullets are in the ashtray. Think we should return them? So I take it Kendall Casablancas/ Priscilla Banks has a secret house. Yep. I take it you found your barracuda? Yep. You find anything in the house? Say, plans to blow up a bus? Just this. Her hard drive. Bingo. All right, you guys a in. -Thanks, mac. -I'm not speaking to you. Butters asked if he should rent a room for prom night. I'm doing this for your dad. Mr. Mars, what else can I do for you? You mind printing every e-mail, every document? Your wish is my shift-command. Little computer humor for you there. I liked it better when you weren't speaking to me. Oooh yeah! So, how'd we make out in school this week, ladies? That's all there is. Little light. Well, this is bad. I've had a doozy of a night. I'm really not in the mood. Supply and demand. That's all that people are buying. Then create demand. What is this? They act like the rich kids were the only ones with money. Throw a rave on the beach. You got finals coming up, right? People need to stay awake. People need to study. It's called "pusher" for a reason. All right, what do you say we try a new motivational technique? You. The scrawny one. He's been short two weeks in a row. Come here. Stop! Now, I will cut the kid down as soon as this hat is full of bills. But in the meantime, Gecklan here -- he's gonna show me some of that... he's always bragging about. Work the body. Work the body! Well, hey, hey! Didn't this used to be your gang? Why don't you help us whip some of your boys into shape here? The P.C.H.Ers ain't dealing for you no more. Okay. So, what? We just shake hands and walk away like gentlemen? Not sure I'm interested in the handshake, but I'm fine with the walking away. You know, retirement ain't all it's cracked up to be. Ask Thumper. You're not threatening me, are you? 'Cause you ought to be nicer to a guy who's got this. What's that supposed to be? Just a list... of all your big-shot clients, lawyers on speed, coked-up pro athletes, celebrities' kids rolling on "E." Ask yourself this question -- exactly how much business did Heidi Fleiss do when her little book went public, huh? Might want to hold onto that for me. We'll call it collateral. So, how do I know you didn't make a copy of this? Oh, I did make copies. Lots of them. And the day I go missing is the day they go public. Might want to keep that in mind. You might want to watch your back. Why? You're gonna be watching it for me. Yeah! Weevil! I knew you'd come through for us, Weevil! All right, boys. You're on your own now. Find anything? Found out that little old lady with the barracuda, Mary McDonald, is Liam Fitzpatrick's maternal grandmother. That it? Weevil said this kid on the bus, Cervando, thought the Fitzpatricks were after him. He ripped them off, then went bragging. Liam wanted to shut Cervando up pretty bad. And since Liam had access to explosives through his cousin Danny... that's the best I can come up with. I've looked through all this stuff, and I still can't find anything to connect Liam and Kendall. How about prisoner number 246219? What? 65 e-mails, all to Cormac Fitzpatrick, Liam's older brother doing time up in San Quentin. The dots are starting to connect now. What's he in for? Fraud. Cormac and Kendall were partners, grifters working the long con. She was his roper. That stint she did -- I think she took the rap for Cormac, save him a third strike. I'd say the rest of the Fitzpatricks owe Kendall a big one. Maybe Liam was following the bus. Could have just been out there as Kendall's eyes. Called her just at the right moment. Kendall could have made the call that blew up the bus while sipping margaritas by the Casablancas' pool. Talk to Logan? He was with her that day, but he says Kendall kicked him out hours before the crash. I've been thinking about what you said. -And? -And I don't care. I say five weeks is five weeks. Why don't we make the most of it? Forget about the happy ending, Jackie. Just worry about being happy now. I just don't know when I'm gonna meet another girl like you. I think it's safe to say there's not another Wallace Fennel out there, either. So, what do you say? Will you go to prom with me? Yeah. I'll do that. Well, all right, then! I guess I better head down to Eric's formal wear. I hear those top hats and those canes go quick. Veronica! When a construction crew came across the object...</i> What is it? Buried just feet from where the body... It's a special report. They found the murder weapon, that one... used to kill Lilly. What about the glass ashtray you found in the pool? We figured that's what he used. Why else would it be in the pool? Okay, but that doesn't really change anything, does it? They found it buried in the Kanes' backyard. The new owners were removing the swimming pool, and they found Aaron's oscar statue. What? But doesn't that help us? I mean, with his prosecution? Honey, in addition to Lilly's blood, the sheriff found some of Duncan's hair on the murder weapon. He's in his room. -Hold it. -Ow! What are you doing? Looks like you had a rough night. Is that your bike out front? Yeah. You know exactly who killed your brother's dog, don't you? Same guys who ground up your face. Liam Fitzpatrick. What happened? A little late with a payment? I've learned that when someone just stands there with his mouth open like that, it means he's guilty. Listen, just don't tell Harry. If he finds out what happened -- Cry to someone else. This beating you've got coming. Wait, wait. It's not me I'm worried about. My brother hears that Liam was the one that killed his dog, he'll go after him. I swear to god, man, Harry isn't afraid of anybody. So you're asking me to lie to him to save his life? I'm asking you not to tell him so my brother doesn't spend the rest of his life in prison because he put a razor-cut, three-blade, broadhead arrow through Liam Fitzpatrick's throat. Billy, who is it? Please. So, all I have to do is give Harry the name of the man who tried to kill my dad in cold blood last night -- Liam Fitzpatrick. He's a killer, and there's a good possibility he's responsible for the deaths of everybody on that bus. I, for one, wouldn't miss him. Were you able to find out