if you keep all this pain bottled up inside I'll find closure when Lilly's killer's rotting away in prison No, Veronica was my friend too. And if she hadn't ratted me out, then Lilly and I would have staid together. These stories... They're tearing my family apart. If you try to divorce me, I will leave you with nothing. - No house, no maid, and no friends... - Right dad, you say another word to her and I will kill you. I cannot take this anymore. Requesting assistance for a possible jumper on the Coronado Bridge</i> No! Look, if they can't commit at least 10 millions, man, we go some place else. Nice day... It's always nice here, what's this ? - A waiver for Bryce to drop PE. - Drop PE? His physic's teacher agreed to sponsor for independant study so he needs to drop the class. Dropping PE... You know that boy could stand to get hit in the head with a dodge ball or two Thoughen his ass huh ? And why is this club bill so high this month ? Yolanda took riding lessons. Like on a horse? First time I saw a horse I was thirteen, the damn thing was on tv... and the street was tough and you lost a lot of homies but this is Neptune and her friends took them. you should talk to her when she comes home from Gabriel's, she's supposed to call if she stays over. I'll do more than talk to her, allright? Tell me this babe, how did a man like me end up with National Black Velvet and Urkel, huh? Speak of the devil. What's up son? What's the matter? It's Yolanda. Something's happened. Did she really leave a note on a blackberry? Yeah, talk about post-mortem... How's Logan holding out? He hasn't been in school since, we're not exactly phone buddies. Hey dad, how's the back holding up, you remembered to take your pills? Shouldn't you be doing your homework instead of nagging me? Thanks. Next time remember: lift drunk combative bail jumpers with you legs, not your back. and use your heating pad... and eat fiber. That must suck to have tabloids creeps in your face at a time like this. Stop staring... It's just hair! - Resisting the urge to touch. - Well you keep resisting that urge. Hey I'm, huh, looking for Keith Mars? - Yeah, sure, in here... dad? - Yeah. You know who that is? Should I know who that is? If you're serious about your cred with urban demographic. I'm absolutly serious about my cred with the urban demo! Drive-by records... reported to have held a man out of the window in order to get him to sign a contract. twice jailed, and emerged stronger each time, The gansta rap impressario besides whom all gansta rap impressario measure themselves. That's Bone Hamilton. How can I help you  Mr Hamilton? My daughter's missing, I need you to get her back. Hamilton? God, that's Yolanda Hamilton's dad? I didn't know you knew her. We used to be friends, a long time ago. Season 1 - Episode 13 Lord of the bling</i> Are you sure it's not just some kind of teenage misbehavior, - it's not uncommon for... - Maybe your teenager, but Yolanda she knew the rules, and her friend Gabrielle tells me that she was studying at her place till midnight. And my son, he finds a car up the block, the doors open, the light still on and signs of struggle. We're not talking about teenager misbehaviour, man, somebody's got her. Mr Hamilton, as much as I appreciate the business, - sounds like something for the police. - Hey, hey, hey. I don't like the police... and the feeling is mutual. and what I hear, sounds like something you'd understand. Any idea who might want to do this? Uh, man, lets just say I got a couple of big deals going down real soon and there's some cats out here who wouldn't mind seeing it screwed up. It's a lot of ideas... That's just Southern California, now if you hear anything about New York, Detroit, Atlanta, I got more lists. I suggest you start at the top, Sam Bloom. Hey honey. - What's cooking? - Not quite sure myself. Something that ends in -aroni. Any luck? Nothing in the car, noone in the neighborhood saw or heard anything. So you figured you'd check what's up with Nelly? I'm reading up on my client, and if you buy it, he's the scariest man alive who's also launching a line of casual wear. She's a senior at my school, - I can ask around, background info... - Sure, but be discreet, client's a little sensitive, ok ? Our client isn't the only one who's sensitive. This isn't the first time I've had the chance to help Yolanda Hamilton. Wow, new student alerts. Glad to see you guys are equal opportunity oglers Hey I judge not by the color of the skin, but the content of their sweater. Good thing I'm not the jealous type. dying to figure out what goes on behind the scenes in the teacher's loundge. - This isn't english? Mrs Murphy? - Not even close. - I'm Veronica, you're... - new, Yolanda Hamilton. Let me show you. Master's champ, three years in a row... I was good... So you didn't tell me what this is in regards to Mr Mars. Trying to find someone Mr Bloom, daugther of a former client of yours, Mr Hamilton. Yolanda come to her senses and ran away from him ? So you know Yolanda? I did, our kids grew up together, why would you think I know anything about her disapearance? He implied that there was some pretty bad blood between you two, a grudge. Bad blood, huh? That's one way to put it... Hatred would be another way. Oh, so he didn't fill you in? When Bone was, as he's fond of telling the magazines, fighting his way up from the mean streets, he didn't advertise the fact that much of the success was due to his cumfortably uppermiddleclass jewish lawyer. Everyone was making money. Sounds like you were on good terms. Sounds like it, when he leave he didn't tell me he was involve in some ingunious tax evasion. I had to make a choice: loose my practice to the IRS, or talk, I chose to save my practice. Bone went back to prison. I'm not sure i understand, sounds like he's the one with the grudge. Well, that's not the whole story. About two months into his sentence, I was leaving work, a car pulled up, fired ten shots into my car. - He tried to have you killed? - Well he denies it of course, but that's when I realized the real Percy Hamilton is, it's Bone. I mean, we might have lost track of time studying and all but... One thing about having an ex cop for a dad is that some boring sunday when you've seen all the reruns he might kill time describing for instance how to tell if someone's lying in an interogation. Take Yolanda's friend Gabrielle here. The indirect eye contact, the smile that doesn't crinkle the eyes ... she's still at [...]? She's missing, she's in danger, quit lying and tell me what really happened. We'd been sneaking out to this club in LA, "Blender", the bouncer Marcel used to work for her dad. I've beeing seeing this guy , he's older. My parents would disown me if they'd knew. How long did you stay at the club? When Jimmy and I left it was probably around midnight, but Yolanda was still there, but she had a car. Thanks, hope she's okay... You think I don't? She's my friend, who are you? Hey dad, something to check... Who am I? I was Yolanda's first friend at Neptune. Hey new girl what you dad do? He's one of the "Dixie Chicks", and yeah, he makes more money than your dad. Was that your real question? You guys are prepared for the biggest blowout of all time? - Where are your parents going this time? - Nepal. Sherpas lug their crap up and down a mountain for two weeks so they can take pictures of a yak. while I take pictures of you yakking in the confort of your living room Happens twice a year, his parents leave town he throws a big party and he gets busted. You must be there. You must. I guess I must. If you really want flowers, dying seems to be the way to go. Here's your costume. You know, if it's not sad enough I can order you a veil. Do you remember that day, we all went to the zoo on your 10th birthday? We told you mom that... we were all gonna get dressed up in costumes of our favorite animal. - Your remember her animal? - Yes, a mermaid. When she realized we'd play a trick on her and no one else had gotten dressed up, she wore that costume around for the rest of the day anyway. I remember that day. On the way home I spilled a milk shake in the Beamer and you gave me a nosebleed. You poured that milkshake out in the backseat because we didn't buy you a monkey, then when I went to grab you smacked your head against the window! I guess we just memored it differently dad. It's fine. - Have you heard from your sister? - Yeah, she sent a telegram. Heartbroken. Stop. Can't make it back from Sydney. Stop. Underwater scene shoot tomorow. Stop. Entire crew said prayer for mom. Stop. Love you. Stop. - Logan... - Stop. Well there's no people like show people. She did send a wreath though. It's gorgeous. tulips and  hyacinths... probably set you back hundreds/*... - Your mom loved tulips. - Yeah, it was an overwhelming gesture. Don't get up. - Where are you going? - Marcel that doorman you called me about? Number four on the enemy's list? He was Bones' bodyguard until he paid too much attention to Yolanda, Bone had him fired after a symbolic meeting between his boot, Marcel's... Veronica, this a Mars' investigation matter, I'm Mars. - And who am I? - Veronica, and you're staying! Veronica MARS, and you're on painkillers, and the bottle says don't operate heavy machinery and a car is heavy. Remember, you stay in the car. And remember, you watch your back, I mean that medically. i just let her in man, that's it. Bone fired you for being a little too friendly with his daughter, that didn't make you a litlle mad? No it made me smart, I got into enough trouble looking at that girl. if Bone got you after me, he must not know who was here that night. Who was here? Where to, boss? - Heard of rapper named Dimebag? - Dad. I thought you read vibe? 'Shot my boo'? 'Thuggin'? Lovely tunes, I'm sure. But you might remember the guy that Bone Hamilton supposely dangled outside the window until he signed the contract? - That was Dimebag? - Number two on the list. He was here saturday night with his bunch of dudes. His posse, dad, the Eagles had un bunch of dudes. Well the posse is at the Duke Hotel. - What's this? - Clues. Valet stubs, I figured even kidnappers had to park.... I know, stay in the car. Any luck? Manager said Mr Bag is out of the town, and that Dime wouldn't talk to me, even if he were here, that is unless Bone might be willing to beg. - So what next? - Plan B. - What do you think, the T6 or the T9? - T9. - How do I look? Like a humble drudge no one would notice breaking into a room. That'll do. When I met yollanda I never imagined a year later I'd be waiting in a hotel loby while my dad bugged a rapper's room trying to find her. I thought a year later she and Lilly and I would be hanging out like we did the first month just beeing normal. This being of course before that word lost all meaning. Are these platinium? No wonder you don't talk about your dad, he's 2-Pac and he's secretly still alive! Just a producer, nothing interesting. So how come he's never around? He's away, on business for a little while. excuse my little brother, he's an eavesdropping little freak. Ah, mine is worse. I'm doin... I'm doing a project... Do it somewhere else, Bryce. Ok for my next boyfriend, Jude Law type or Collin Farrel type? Next? What happened to Logan? He's insanely jealous all the time and that's getting on my nerves... I know it's not cool to admit this but, I like the jealous streak on a man, keeps him in line... All yours, ditching his party this week end cause I don't want him to get all crazy violent everytime a boy undresses me with his eyes, which happens all the time, it's not my fault, I can't help it. God made me fabulous. Well if you're ditching that means Yollanda and I will have to party for three. Which means Yollanda will have to be partying for two hand a half. Oh but we're still going to that fleet week thing in San Diego right? It's the best! All these weird angry bands playing and hundred of cute sailors get totaly wasted and fight on the sand... You know I'm really glad I met you guys? You should be glad... We're the best! And I can't wait for San Diego, it'll be rockin' like dockin' We got some problems here. - What can I do for you? - Yo, ya call that a penthouse? A pent dog house maybe. He's saying it's small. Oh oh. It looks like Darius Bagley a.k.a Dimebag and crew are arriving home early. Not good, if they catch dad in their room.... - What we asked for was a big ass room! - I'll get you switched right now! Good news, they won't walk in on dad bugging their room. Bad news, he's bugging the wrong room. Ok room 1411, our biggest? You know you all can learn a little something about VIP service. Thank you so much... Sarah. I'm Melinda you hospitality hostess, I'm so sorry about the mix up, the new help doesn't always quite get it, but if you gentleman would follow me, I could show you your room? Ahhh, yeah! Now this what I'm talking about, baby. So you have your bathroom, right back there, and your television, if you want to watch that. Chairs, for sitting, uh, the phone in case you need to make a call, would be... just like that. All right, it's cool. I'll have them send up some more... Is that crystal? You're damn straight Melinda. Enjoy your stay... Where have you been? Didn't I say? Bathroom brake. How'd we do? Think we're on business.... - They give us this upgrading you just watch golf like an old coot... - Ten more minutes.</i> Here, try this. Yo man that damn hospitality hostess was lying about that crystal, man.</i> Man, she's hot, if you like the scrawny. Just... please... - Did she leave the key for the minibar, man ? - Don't ask. - Now wait. - Need some drinks. I'll get Mr Hamilton to beg. I'm not scrawny. I'm not. Logan. I have a pretty good idea what's going through your head. I know you blame me for your mother's death. That's okay. Our marriage had some very high highs and some very low lows. And I know that this hard act you're putting on is just your way of coping. But let's make a deal, all right? From now on, we're gonna be team. Our war's over now Logan. It's what she would have wanted. Logan! Picture, man, huh? Something real? Here's real for you! Hey, that's a thousand dollar camera! Logan! Enough! You know what Mom would have wanted! She would have wanted you to not sleep with all her friends. She would have wanted you to care as much about her as your career. So okay, Dad, let's be honest. Maybe we both wished we'd been better. But she's only gone because of you. Who's gonna pay for my camera? I'll tell you what. I'll get on it just as soon as I've buried my wife. Hey everybody! Enjoying the show, huh? They said you had PE this period. I dropped it for independent study. Independent study of sand? Civil engineering. Soil erosion modelling in a...urban context. - Cool. I'm... - Veronica. I remember. Just helping my dad out with some background info, you know, see if we can track Yolanda down. Track her down? Like she just gone lost or something. Someone's got her. One of the other low lives Bone stepped on to get to the top. Whatever happened to Yolanda, it is his fault. He is desperate to get her back. Then where's the police? He's ashamed of me, you know. He's been in jail a third of my life but I'm an embarrassment. State Science Fair winner two years straight but I'm soft. Is that why you guys stopped being friends? You figure out our dad was in jail? I didn't even know about that. She never talked about your dad. So, you just drifted apart. It's too bad. She really liked you guys. And I liked her. Girl is deadly at this. You're letting her win. Yep, or maybe it's to let her get me drunk and she'll take advantage of me. Dream on. Careful Logan, Lilly's just sick, she's not dead. Sick, my ass! She's jerking me around. She look sick to you earlier D? Hey, leave me out of this. We need to get you home. Remember the last time, Homecoming? Gotta go, yo. Make like a tree, V. So, Yolanda seems cool. Oh is she? I've got a good eye. Oh, shoot, my purse. I'll be right back. Hey, if you guys are still conscious, have you seen my... They what?! It was a one second look. Let me ask Yolanda about it. I don't know a Yolanda, do you? We know he has motive he was at the club and he won't talk to me. He's the best lead we have right now and we need to know what he knows. Percy, this isn't business, this is your daughter. Look, I... I know this is my daughter. Villa Marquis. May I help you? Room 1411. One moment. Yo, what up? This is Dime Bag. It's me, Hamilton. Whoa ho ho ho. Heard you got a little personal problem. Man, look, I...I'm just calling to see if you know anything about Yolanda. Yolanda, huh? I may know a little something about that. Why, what's up, what's the deal? Look, man, whatever you got against me it's between me and you... Bones, I just wanna hear you beg and I'll tell you where she's at.</i> This is like me holding you out of a window. Damn man. Wait, now hold on, Bone. Saying "Damn, man" ain't begging. Dime Bag. This is my daughter. If you could help me get her back... - I'm begging. - Beautiful. You almost sound like a little woman there, Bone. But you know what? To tell you the truth. I don't know nothin' about Yolanda. I mean I may have seen her at the club for a minute, now that was it. All right?</i> So why don't you go back to crying and leave me alone, you lil' bitch. Wait, wait. Just Quiet. You should have heard this fool cryin'. "Yo, Dime Bag, man, that's my daughter." - Sounds like a little bitch. - Hey! She is fine though, man.</i> I wouldn't mind having that locked away somewhere, you know what I'm sayin'.</i> Man, who don't you think is fine. I would be nice though, huh?</i> Bones' little Miss Princess locked up in a closet somewhere,</i> available whenever, huh, I mean, if that was possible, right?</i> What you lookin' at boy? Look at all these valet stubs. Man, I thought being a private eye was about shooting dudes and making out with sexy widows. Sexy widows show up later. Hey! What? Bloom. My dad talked to a Sam Bloom but...he's in a wheelchair. Benjamin Bloom. - Close but no... - Hold the cigar, I'm not done yet. Sam Bloom Esquire has a son named Benjamin who was at the club the night she disappeared. I'll take that cigar now. - Thanks for coming out. - Our pleasure. It means a lot to the family. - Nice to see you. - Logan. - It's good to have friends around. - I'm so sorry. - My father thanks you. - You're welcome. My mother thanks you. I thank you. I am glad you're here. Thank you. ...Aaron, this is a little awkward but, uh, the studio's been calling non-stop. They just can't wait any longer. Now I know this is a hard time but we don't want them looking for somebody else and, uh, I think I should just give them a call, - make the deal, just to make sure. - Good god, Harvey, - this is my wife's funeral. - So Harve. Hey. Do you think next time we have one of these funeral things that ICM will let us use the boardroom. You know, so there's no travel, no trailer size negotiations. I don't know, it's just a thought. Can I get you anything? Mimosa? Finger sandwich? A tissue? Look, I-I'm sorry, I... this is an awful time but... - but we don't want the studio to move on somebody else- - Harvey. I don't know how many more ways there are for me to say this but... I don't want you negotiating this deal for me. In fact, I don't want you negotiation any deals for me. Are you firing me? No, I'm not firing you. I'm out of the business. I'm done. Your health is critical! What are you doing? Trying to get this magic amulet but it takes concentration so if you could keep it down. Logan. It's your mom's funeral reception. - Maybe we should- - It is not my mom's reception. It's his. So if you want to eat crab puffs and discuss today's "Variety", knock yourself out, man. Thanks for coming, it really means a lot to the family. Logan, I'm your friend, man and I'm starting to get a little worried. And now I'm dead. None of this matters, man, don't worry. What are you talking about? You know Mom's dad fought in the Korean War? Uh. Well he got this lighter in Seoul. He held onto it even when he was captured. He and his buddies escaped and he had it engraved. And it was always in her purse. But she left it on her dresser the night she disappeared. It's a sign. You know, man, come on, I mean, she hated all this, she hated him. They didn't find a body because she's not dead. She just escaped. No! As far as I know, Ben doesn't hang out at hip hop clubs. Then why was he there? He was at the club the night Yolanda disappeared. Well, I-I am sure that there is some explanation. Did you know that he received a traffic warning last month? A neighbour had called that someone was watching the Hamilton house. How did he feel about the shooting? Outraged. What else could he be? - Where is he now, Mr Bloom? - He's at USC. But you won't find him there. He and some friends are in Mexico hiking. Can't be reached. You hear from him, you let me know. Hey Dad. Did you find Benjamin Bloom? No, but his dad seemed squirrelly when I asked how he was. - How's your sorority speak. - Like awesome! Why? Hi, is Ben there? Oh, is this his roommate? Cool. Um, hi, this is Lisa, I met Ben last fall at this beach blanket bingo mixer. Yeah, it's a boring story. But, um, I need to talk to Ben about something involving crabs and I heard that he was going to Mexico with some of the guys. Oh. Really? Uh, thanks. - Crabs? - No Mexico. Roommate said he's been acting kinda weird but he left alone last week. But he said he saw something on his desk. A hotel confirmation number for Vegas. Tom Decintio please. Tom! Keith Mars. How's Vegas? Yeah, yeah, I got someone here I need to find and he might have blown your way. Benjamin Bloom, licence 4-P-C-1-0-7-5. Might be in one of the hotels. Thanks. You've been working overtime on this, kid. You said she's a friend or something? Hmm, something. What was that word again for almost friend. Veronica! Veronica. Can you talk to Lilly? I heard what Logan said about that night and it's totally untrue. I didn't do anything. I saw it, Yolanda. We were just talking, you know, and he just kissed me. The story, I threw myself at him? I'd never do that. Please, make her understand. I don't know, sometimes she's really- Veronica! Come on. San Diego's waiting. In or out, Veronica? In or out? I swear, he kissed me. It didn't go anywhere. I don't want to blow it here. You should have known better. Do I tell my dad that his fiercely non- conformist daughter caved to peer pressure and left a totally cool person on her own in a new school? Hey, we need to talk. It came an hour ago. They want a half million if I am ever to see Yolanda alive again. I know this is hard to believe but the note at this point is very good news. This is strange. Strange how? Well usually you get that ransom demand and they give you the details of the drop at the last minute so you can't stake it out but this guy, he gave it all. The time, the place... That's 'cause he's stupid, man. Look at the top. "If you want little Miss Princess - back home..." - Yeah, that's what we heard on the bug. "Little Miss Princess." It's Dime Bag. Hey, if I don't get my daughter back, somebody's gonna die. That the money? Five hundred plus the GPS tracker and the dye pack you put in here. Bastards won't even make it a block. Look, Mr Hamilton, I know we talked about this but I think we should involve the police. And I've already told you I have no use for the police. I have my justice right here. Look. This is not the way to deal with this. If you care about your daughter, you'll go to the cops. Hey. If the cops were so great, why aren't you still one, huh? Mr Hamilton. I can't be party to this. Then you've done you're bit. Cheque's in the mail. Load it up. Let's roll. I thought that you were fired. Why are we even here? Trying to save the girl. This is either the dumbest kidnapper ever or the smartest. I mean, he gives the drop location in advance and it's the worst spot possible. There's no escape routes. It's totally open to surveillance. I mean, getting away with the money will be impossible. Maybe not totally impossible. Ah, Veronica... this is really grasping at straws. Make yourself useful. Get those things in a row. - Any signal yet? - Yeah, take this right. Yeah. Do you see the taxi up the street? Yeah, I see it. I got the money. Go to the trash can on the corner. You'll find a plastic football.</i> I got it. You can keep your cash. Instead put that quarter million dollar ring</i> you like to wave at people inside the football and throw it down the storm drain.</i> I'm watching you. The cab won't stop unless you've done this. Do it now.</i> All right, it's done. Now what? Hello! Hello! It's the car. Get that car. Where is she? Damn! Hey, Bryce. How'd you guys find me? Whoever did this was either really dumb or really smart. You're really smart. Yeah, so are you. - So she was never kidnapped? - No. She just ran off. How do you know? She always thinks I'm not around but I hear things. Eavesdropping again, huh? She was on the phone talking about meeting someone at the club, running off forever. I rode in the trunk when she left Gabrielle's for LA. Drove the car back, made it seem like she'd been abducted and that was that. God, Bryce, why? Trust me. You would not understand. But Yolanda, is she okay? As far as I know. I think she tried to get my dad's attention. I may have stolen some of her thunder. So she's okay. No kidding. Thanks Tom. Bryce! Where have you been? Mrs Hamilton, Mr Hamilton, I think there's something Bryce wants to tell you. You lost your ring. Your daughter wasn't kidnapped. She's just run off. Bryce here's the one who wrote the note. Well, you can be mad, Dad. But you can't call me soft. No. I guess I can't. Bryce, my god, where's Yolanda? See for yourself. She can see you. The pinhole at the top of the screen is a camera. Ma? Dad. Here's the good news. I'm fine. And I'm married now. What? I'm Mrs Benjamin Bloom. Which is why I'm telling you from here because until you guys and the Blooms just... get over yourselves and make up,</i> we're not coming back. Okay, look here baby girl. How many times do I have to tell ya that I didn't order that drive-by. You let everyone believe you ordered it because it gave you cred.</i> Never mind it just turned me and Bryce into gangster's kids.</i> Give us your blessing. And, um, we'll come home. After the honeymoon. All right then, be like that. Veronica? Is that you? How did you...</i> I just wanted to say congratulations on the marriage and I'm sorry. I should have been a better friend. Veronica, if I had been in your position, I would have done the same thing.</i>