their heads shaved, before this administration listens to our demands? Shut down the fraternity houses! I will find out who raped you, Parker. That's job one. They raped Claire. "The blonde in the middle" That girl, Claire, gets raped after one of our parties, and suddenly school's all in a bunch. We need you to do your Veronica thing And prove it's a pack o' lies. This photo was taken of Claire the night she was raped. Who's that dude? It's not one of us. Precisely. You Pi Sigs have exactly one asian member, and that's not him. Claire, hi. Can I talk to you for a minute? You're that girl... The girl who made a scene in the quad. You cleared the Pi Sigs. Yeah, that's me. So, what's this to you, anyway? Crimes against women... It's a hobby. Plus, a friend of mine was one of the other victims. Listen, I have the ATM photo from that night. Of the guy who did this to me? Too soon? Probably. What the hell, right? I mean, if it saves someone else. I have no idea of who this is. I'm sorry. You don't have to apologize. This guy... I guess he made me pull my daily max off my ATM card. I got raped, and I paid for the privilege. There's a logo or something on the guy's t-Shirt. Can you read that? I'm just completely useless today. That's okay. Morning, all. Dr. Landry has been called as an expert witness in the State vs. Wolpert case that I'm sure you're all tracking. He's asked me to take the class today. We'll continue with our oral presentations. Now, let's see. Who do I want to hear from? Veronica Mars, why don't you come down here and blow us all away? - Actually, I'm not... - Very well. Moving on... Never mind. I'm ready. Eli navarro has been in and out of juvenile detention since he was 13 years old. By the time he turned 16, He was the leader of the Pacific Coast Highway bike club. By his count, he's spent more than 700 days in juvenile-detention facilities. He's currently on parole after assaulting the P.C.H. Gang leader who replaced him. Veronica, this was an oral presentation, not show-and-tell. Dr. Landry said we were allowed audiovisual aids. He's both. - Audio. - Yo. And visual. Fine, I'll let it slide. Today I'll talk about the socioeconomic conditions that lead preteens into a life of crime. Then I'll open it up to questions to both myself and mr. Navarro. Eli Navarro stole his first bicycle when he was 6 years old. We were at it pretty late, you know... A little too much juice, a little too much smoke. So, it's like 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning. One of my boys, Hector, comes in, wakes me up. He's like, "yo, yo, yo, somebody keyed my bike". So we find this guy's truck parked on the street, Hot-Wire it, take it to my cousin's shop 'Cause, well, that's where the car crusher is. We end up leaving the cube... The one that used to be his f-250... In his driveway with the license plates on top. Found out later we had the wrong guy's truck. Questions? Do you think you can ever really leave gang life behind? I mean, once you've been in it that long... Promise  you won't tell my parole officer? - Promise. - I'm trying. I really am. But truth... Yeah, I miss it. I miss having cash in my pocket. I miss the thrill. That's a nice necklace. It's Lilly's, right? I've been thinking about her a lot lately. So, any big halloween plans? Oh, you know, the usual... Slapping on my sexy nurse duds And rolling tweeners for their chocolate. Meeting the boyfriend at the benetian After he gets out of his night class. The benetian? It's room 332, Bennis Hall. Some guy runs a casino out of his room. That's right. You're a card shark. It's not for me. I agreed to do something he likes... Gambling... In exchange for something I like... Dressing up and passing out candy to trick-Or-Treaters. And I'm not buying that as a costume, so don't come knocking. You might want to consider switching shampoos. It's drywall dust, okay? We're renovating the student union upstairs, And i, uh, I got this stuff In crevices and cracks I didn't even know... Hey, word to the wise. You got a boyfriend? Use the short leash. As hard as this may be to believe, The women of Hearst Aren't close to the top of my worries about Logan. Wait, wait, wait. What? You're dating Logan again? - After the way he treated Lilly? - This is news? Man, the prison grapevine blows. How best to describe the results of your retest? Disheartening would be a start. An indictment of the U.S. public-school system might get closer to the point. Hey, dad. Back from Shangri-La. Hey, look out your window and check out the Porsche. It's four inches into the fire zone. Let's call the city and get it clamped, You know, just for funsies. You get the lawn chairs. I'll put some popcorn in the microwave. Veronica. Seriously,  you blow 100 grand on a car, I guess you think you can just park wherever you want. I wonder if the sense of entitlement came standard. It did. And  while we're on the subject of entitlement, Maybe someday you can parlay your complimentary $100,000 college education into a lucrative career of your very own. It's my wife's car, by the way. Veronica, have you met my wife? No. Has your wife met the hot chick? I believe there's a compliment in there somewhere. Hello, Veronica. Veronica, why don't you go... Matriculate myself? Okay. You were about to tell me about your ex-husband. Excuse me. Listen, I think I might have dug myself too big a hole in this class. Mind telling me what I need to do to drop it? Build a time machine. Sorry, man. add/drops ended last week. Camp Waterloo. Good afternoon, ma'am, and how are you today? I'll tell you what... I'll be sugar and sunshine if you could help me. I am trying to organize a camp reunion, And I was hoping you could send me a roster Of the campers for the last five years. Yes, ma'am, I sure do miss it. My backside still smarts from all that horseback riding. Well, aren't you sweet? Just the names, addresses, and phone numbers, if that's not too much trouble. How long do you think it'll take? That long, huh? Can you e-mail that to me? It's veronica.mars, m-a-r-s... I will track him down. We appreciate it, mr. Mars. We don't have to tell you that it needs to happen soon. Do you see why he's the college dean most frequently burned in effigy? You might want to take it easy on him. His stepson is dying. They want me to track down the kid's deadbeat dad. The boy's dying wish is to meet his real father. As long as I'm in supportive-girlfriend mode, someone point out the sucker table. Baby needs a new pair of... How you like that, eh? There's a bad guy coming through, better get out of his way. Okay, everybody, you just take it easy, okay? Now, what you're gonna do, is you're gonna give me everything you got. I want the watches, the jewelry, the wallets... Everything. And I want you to put it all in Tricky Dick's bag right over here. Move! You! Give me the cashbox. It's in the drawer behind you. Now! The combination! You seem highly intelligent and motivated. Figure it out. The combination, or you're gonna have to find someone new to deal the blackjack, man. Sorry, Tricky. That stays with me. What? You think we're playing with you? You're gonna regret that. Say good night to the bad guy. A long time ago, We used to be friends, but I Haven't thought of you lately at all. Come on, now, sugar! Bring it on, bring it on, yeah! Just remember me when We used to be friends A long time ago We used to be friends Veronica Mars 3x05 President Evil</i> Hey,  where are you going? I've wasted too much time already. We still have to get statements from everyone. Sit down. Why? So a make-Believe cop can make-believe he'll get my stuff back? Thank you. There's probably 10 grand in the lockbox, give or take. And you expect us to help? We told you to shut this place down twice. Trust me, I don't expect you to help. You asked a question. I answered it. - Wha happen? - Where were you? I was in class, like we talked about. Less gambling, more learning. That was right after you said "jump" and I asked "how high?" Two guys pulled guns, held up the casino. They took the necklace Lilly gave me. Hey, come here. Well, well, what do we have here? An illegal gambling establishment. Underage drinking. Public displays of affection. It's like sodom and gomorrah in here. Barker, start collecting I.D.s from everyone in the room. Uh, we had our wallets stolen. The casino's run by this student here. Now, we've asked him to shut it down, but he says... Good work, J.V. Varsity's taking the field now. We've got it from here. With Scotland Yard on the case, you're sure to have that necklace back in no time. Yeah, well, I don't think I'm gonna need their help. I'm pretty sure I know who did it. You posing for the brochure? "The dedicated students are the very picture of diligence as they strive to meet Hearst's rigorous academic standards" You're enjoying yourself. That's great. - I'm happy for you. - What's your problem? Nothing... Just that I'm officially failing mechanical engineering, Which wouldn't be a problem except I want to be a mechanical engineer. I've always wanted to be a mechanical engineer, And I've never failed anything. You need to chill. I do? Thanks. Good to know. Wasn't it en vogue who taught us all to free our minds, as the rest would follow? And that means what? It means we're going out tonight. Mr. O'Dell, it's Keith Mars. I've got good news. I've located your wife's ex-Husband, And he's right here in sunny southern California. How'd you find him? He left a trail of ex-Wives. It led you straight to the corner where he was passing out flyers dressed as a cellphone? The manager of his rathole apartment let me in his place... One bedroom, lots of back stagewests with auditions circled. Apparently he's scratching out a living working as a voice-Over actor. I think I've got a plan to arrange a meeting between you, your wife, and mr. Batando. Hope you don't mind. One  of the cockroaches let me in. So, where'd you stash my necklace? You can let him go. Backup and me... We're old friends. Where's Lilly's necklace? Someone left a bracelet in my bed last week. Oh, wait, was it a hoop earring? I'm not playing with you. Don't you get it? I have no idea what you're talking about. Oh, you don't, huh? Let me spell it out. I tell you about a working on-Campus casino. Six hours later, it's held up by a guy your size wearing a mask, who happens to be covered in a thin film of drywall dust and the stench of drakkar cologne. My cologne stinks? So, all this play I've been getting is from pure sex appeal? You just told my classmates that your old life of crime was calling. You just asked me about Lilly's necklace. I can't believe you think I'd do that... to you... after all we've been through. After all we've been through, can you really blame me? Hey, backup, you can stay. Your girl's got to go. It's a wonder you don't have more friends. I'm here. Whew! Sorry I'm late. Hi, Cliff. You remember the job? Pretend to be your receptionist. I just wish I had some life experience to draw from. Clifford, you ready? Race fans, hot-Rodders, The monster trucks are coming to Neptune, Neptune, Neptune! That's great, Cliff, but just remember... Sunday! Sunday! Sunday! Certain restrictions may apply. "No video, flash photography, or other recording devices allowed without the expressed written permission of the monster truck association of america. Please drink responsibly" Hi, I'm here for the audition. Steve Batando. Great. I'll take your résumé. Sign in. They'll be right with you. So, Mickey, you book that olive garden gig? Waiting to hear. Yeah. Mickey, they're ready for you. Someone want to take my turn? I'm still dialing it in. - Go ahead if you want. - You sure? Great. Over there? Steve. Welcome. What the... No, no, no, we're not doing this. You can leave in a minute. First you're gonna listen. Mindy, what the hell is this about... Alimony? I mean, is this what you've stooped to? This isn't about money, Steve. I just needed to talk to you, and I didn't know any other way. No other way? Jason is dying. He has bone cancer, And he needs a bone-marrow transplant. He needs you, Steve. How do you know I'm a match? From the paternity test. You are a match, thank god. He needs you. Can you do this? This is your chance, Steve. You can be his dad again. Do this. Please. You know something? There was a time when I could have been around. I could have been there for Jason, but you kept me away from him. You turned him against me. I did no such thing. You left me because I wasn't making enough money. I left you because you were lazy, 'cause you wanted everything to come easy. Be careful. Don't forget, you're asking me a favor. A favor? Yes, please, Steve, do us a favor And see if you can act like an actual human being for three seconds Out of your otherwise completely worthless life. You're going to do this. I don't care if I have to break you in half And suck the marrow out of your bones myself. You're going to do this for your son. He's not my son. He's your son. She made that perfectly clear. No. Hey! It's Joe College! José Lunchpail... The living, breathing embodiment of the american dream. Punch any clocks lately? Are you lining up your next girlfriend? I'm guessing this lowrider's yours? Any reason why everyone suspects me for a crime I don't even know anything about? Got 'em. They match the robbery description. Yikes. Hey, what do you say we do your miranda rights in harmony this time? I'll take lead. You take tenor? Is it so-called déjà vu when something happens more than twice, or is that something different? I'll have to look that up. Ask for cell "B". It has the best light. Hey, good-looking, we'll be back to pick you up later. Sacks tells me you're here to see Weevil. Planning on helping him beat another rap? Actually, I'm here to get my necklace back. I don't understand. You actually believe that the bad guy did it? Does not compute. Does not compute. You must have been fun in the '80s. So,  you get a tip about the watches in Weevil's car? Better. He used a stolen credit card from one of the wallets lifted in the casino holdup. Charged a pizza from Mama Mia Pizza. Criminal mastermind had it delivered to his own apartment. Be it ever so humble. Yeah. I'm thinking of some curtains over here, Maybe a koi pond in the corner. Where's my necklace? I don't have it. It was a frame job, "V". Look, a prepaid pizza was delivered to my apartment. I didn't order it. Come on, what's a working man gonna do in that situation? So, when I look into this... And I will look into this... I'm gonna find out you didn't order that pizza? Or you could just save yourself the trouble and take my word for it. Okay. That was good. Well done. Surprise. Redenbacher and "The Hills Have Eyes". You remember Chloe and Jessica from last night. Instant party. You guys, I'm studying. - Study later. Let's have fun. - Yeah, Wallace. I can't, y'all. I thought you might say that, And that's why I brought you this. Call this number. It's a tutor. - Is he good? - Miracle worker. Got me through a course last year... And a hard one. You're a P.E. Major. Please. Kinesiology. Feeling better already, aren't you? Take the complex map. Hi, I'm looking for the manager. He or she around? You're Veronica Mars. And you're... Danny. Rossow. Yeah, I am. Cool. You went to my school last year. I go to Neptune High. Lucky you. You remember when those bikers taped that guy to the flagpole and you just walked up there and cut him down? Yeah. Remember when you stopped those guys from blowing up the school? No one was gonna blow up the school. - So, what I was going to... - On the last day of school, I really wanted you to sign my yearbook. Danny, I'm working on a case now. That is so awesome. Yeah, it is. It's so awesome, and I need your help. An order went out last night to 1172 Navasota. Do you guys have caller I.D.? Well, we're totally computerized. The order comes in. It logs the phone number. That way, we can answer the phone like, "Mr. Smith, thanks for calling again. Another pepperoni lovers for you and the missus." 1172 Navasota? It wasn't a call-in. It was an internet order. Really? Any way of knowing where the order came in from? Only our manager, mr. Wolfcastle, Can make those requests from our internet service provider, and and he's not here. Any way we can make like he is? Hello, this is Walter Wolfcastle. With who am I speaking? Listen, I need a favor 'cause my hands are full. I need you to track an internet order. Of course I want it now. What? Should I wait till tuesday? Thanks to my one-man fan club, I now know precisely which computer the pizza order was placed from... A public Hearst college computer hub just 40 feet away from where Weevil was drywalling, so he stays in the mix. Then again, so do hundreds of people who pass through here every day. Hello, square one. Nice to see you again. Oh. Lovely. Hi. Any idea how this gum got from your mouth to that chair? I thought this was supposed to be a good school. Shouldn't you be, like, smart? So, speaking of down and dirty, You wouldn't believe the divorce case I've got. Lady stole from her husband repeatedly, stole from his children, had his dog put to sleep. And let the record show the dog was quite surprised by this decision. The woman slept with... everyone. And let me guess... She's your client. Gentlemen. Is this the one? No, there's your guy. Can I help you fellas with something? This is detective Sanchez with the LAPD. Sir, is this your card? Yeah. You presented yourself as an Adrian Monk, Los Angeles county building inspector? And I believe that's your cellphone number written on it? And? Sir, the apartment complex manager that you handed that to says you ordered him to let you into the apartment of Steven Batando. Ordered? Asked politely maybe. Congratulations, boys. You got me. That's a good one, mr. Mars. But I'm afraid that impersonating a county employee is the least of your problems. Batando's been missing for 52 hours. Guess what, Keith... You're the leading suspect in his disappearance. So, mr. Mars, you mind telling us what you were looking for in mr. Batando's apartment? The man's girlfriend was worried sick. You should have seen her crying, Keith. It was heartbreaking. Excuse me, officers, but if I don't bring up the law, Then this won't be considered a billable hour. Do you plan on charging my client? Great. If you'd like to talk with him further, call my office. I'll set an appointment. - My card. - I know your number. It's all over the bus benches. "Call Cliff and get off" Plus, it's a radio jingle. Call 555... Wanted? Well, you know the rest. We'll be keeping an eye on you, mr. Mars. Nice work, Cliff. When you're here, you're family. Okay, thank you. Jason O'Dell was discharged yesterday. You think the dean and his wife kidnapped Batando? It looks that way. They asked him for his bone marrow. Batando said no. These things tend to end badly, Keith. There's not much motivation to keep the unwilling donor alive. They tend to expire on the operating table. It's tough to press charges when you're six feet under. I'm gonna track down the O'Dells, scare the dean if I can find him. I'm gonna need some help. You still got your researcher working for you? Yep. Whatever you need. Oh, you still in town? You haven't skipped yet? Where's your wife's ex-husband? Where's your stepson? Mexico. Just got off the phone with my wife. She took Jason to Rosarito. She won't tell me which hospital, but they're moving forward. Mindy's brother is helping her. I'm gonna lose them both, Keith... My stepson, my wife... All because of that selfish son of a bitch. I'll track them down. I'm going with you. You're gonna need to trace her call, right? Probably, yeah. How do you plan on keeping her on the line? I can say half a sentence and get her to yell at me for three hours. You rang? If there was anybody else... one of the other maintenance guys found the masks Used in the holdup in a dumpster behind Bennis Hall. He found the guns, too. He came to me instead of going to Lamb 'cause he wasn't sure if it'd hurt me or help me. I'm not really sure either. I can track the ownership history of the guns To see where it leads. Yeah, uh, I doubt that's gonna work. The guns aren't real. They're fakes. Uh, excuse me? Yeah. Can someone point me to the props department? Jenny's props. Where could I find... I'm jenny. What do you need? Um... someone held up an on-campus casino using a couple of prop guns. We're the theater department. We don't do guns. We do Molière. You want a poor man's Tarantino, that would be the film department. If you see them, tell them we just loved their little opening-night present. Which is? Our stage is covered in pam. Who's pam? Pam is a cooking spray. We can't walk out there without falling on our asses. We had the temerity to schedule our opening night on the same weekend as their short-film festival. Maybe this is their way of saying, "break a leg" Thank you! Good night! Here all week. Try the veal. And scene. Yeah? One of the guys on the team said I should... Instructor and class. Winkler. Engineering. Come in. Close the door. Winkler's used the same exams for the past three years. This file does not contain the exams. It's a study guide. If you want the study guide, it's $100. If you want the answers to the study guide, it's another $100. It's a study guide, huh? Yeah, it's $200 for the set. I'll take the guide. You keep the answers. Find us seats. I'm gonna get us some popcorn and grill me some film geeks. - Uh, Veronica? - Yeah? You know that whole "life imitates art" thing? - You ready to screw 'em, Dick? - Yeah, cover me, Jimmy. All right, hands in the air, buddy. Stick 'em up. Give me the money. Right now, you see. Right now. And don't forget to vote. Loved your movie. 8 millimeter... Bold choice. Yeah. So, in other news, an armed robbery was committed With the masks and guns used in your little film. I was hoping you could tell me where I might find those. You're Logan echolls, right? I heard you were going here. Did you ever think of investing in... No. Hey, buddy, right here. You can schmooze later. Yeah. The guns and the masks were stolen. Our whole equipment truck disappeared a week ago. Did you report it? Yeah, the campus police actually tracked it down. Can you believe it? Rent-A-Cops. We got all our equipment back. Only thing missing were the guns and the masks. Call her again. It's not gonna work. Mindy's not gonna pick up the phone. And I'm no expert, but I'm pretty sure you can't trace a phone call if the person on the other end won't pick up the phone. Cliff? Thanks, Cliff. You've got him at Sisters of Mercy in San Diego. Mindy's uncle's an oncologist there. Do you expect me to apologize, Keith? He's my son. How'd you get Batando admitted? You bring him in unconscious? What choice did he leave us? Who are you? Come on, you remember me. I'm the girl whose necklace you stole. It's got sentimental value. I want it back. I see. I'll take two boxes of the thin mints and some lemon coolers. You can keep all the gambling money, everything else. I don't care. Just give me my necklace back, and we'll be cool. Wow, that's some hardcore salesmanship. You're good. Uh... Tell you what... Throw in a box of the shortbread. You and your partner robbed the casino. You did all the talking because of Sasaki's accent. As security officers, The criminal records of all new employees cross your desk. You decide to pin your crime on the new ex-con maintenance guy you see every day just outside your office. This also explains why you were covered in drywall dust. You knew about the casino. You even tried to shut it down a couple times, but those spoiled college boys didn't listen to you. I'm guessing you got the idea when you found the masks and prop guns in the film-department van. Do you think I missed anything? Well, one thing... Proof. Not quite true. Look what I have. Prints? The witnesses said the holdup men wore gloves. Yeah, but you wouldn't believe how much hair Is inside these masks. It's kind of gross, actually. It's like a sack of dna. So, I'll trade you... This bag for my necklace. I'll need a day to get your necklace back. Yeah, that's not gonna do it. What did you do? Say hello to my little friend. Keith, please, I'm begging you. Keith, for god's sake, just hear me out. I've been hearing you out since Mexico. I'm done, Cyrus. This game is over. It's not a game. You need me to get on my knees, I'll get on my knees. You stop that operation, that's it. My son's dead. He's 9 years old. You go up there, he dies. If I stay down here, I'm partly responsible for another dead man. The only way you and your wife get away with this is if Batando dies. We're not gonna let Batando die. That's not the plan, I swear. Then you, your wife, and your wife's family members who helped are going to prison for a very long time. And Jason will live. Small price to pay, don't you think? What would you do if it were Veronica? Find my necklace? Nope. But we found a dozen other items... Couple rolexes, dozens of credit cards. These are the guys. Maybe the other one has your necklace. We have a car on the way over there right now. Oh, look. Someone tipped off the local news. That's my cue. Do you see how well this works when you play by the rules, Veronica? [Johnny Clash - Busted] My bills are all due</i> And the babies need shoes But I'm busted Cotton is down To a quarter a pound And I'm busted I got a cow that went dry And a hen that won't lay A big stack of bills... you think you're such a big deal, but you're so not. You did this. You set up my daddy, you stupid cow. Go back to Hearst where you belong. You come into this town and treat everyone like dirt. The food that we canned Last summer is gone And I'm busted The fields are all bare And the cotton won't grow Me and my family Got to pack up and go Where I'll make a living The Lord only know But I'm busted Don? Meet Steve Batando. I believe you were looking for him. You're Steven Batando? And I want to apologize for causing so much trouble. I mean, I had no idea people were looking for me. I just went, you know, camping for a week and didn't tell anybody, left my cellphone. I mean, I can't believe I caused all this fuss. It would be funny if it wasn't so almost, I mean, you know... Ridiculous? Yeah. You tell my ex-Wife I own her now. No more talk of alimony, no more child support. We're beyond even. It's been made very clear in the documents you signed. Nice ride, huh? Think of it as a father's day gift. What makes you think this is the guy? The fifth victim, Claire, Was caught in an ATM photo the night she was raped, Clearly already roofied, but still with her hair. She was with an asian guy. So we're knocking on the doors of every asian guy in san diego? This guy was wearing a camp waterloo shirt. I got a list of everyone who went to the camp in the past five years. There's only one asian male in southern california. This is his house. Look tough. Always. Hi, is Wang Yi here? Sorry, he's at class now. When will he be back? Why? Because he raped this girl. Claire? I doubt it.