I know all about your dad and the murder investigation. No you don't. Lilly Kane was my best friend. A guy confessed. He said he did it. You're dying, Abel. You didn't kill Lilly Kane. You're just somebody's patsy. Did you know that the head of security at Kane Software was the one that got Koontz arrested? I think I have a secret admirer. J. Geils was right, love stinks. Mom. I searched for my mother for the better part of a year. I doubt that Clarence Wiedman just happened to find her the same night. He didn't know where to find my mother. He knew where to find me. I never donated to the wildlife alliance, yet I kept that stupid pencil sharpener they sent. Wiedman was listening when I booked my flight to Barstow. I should have left right from the dance but I didn't want my mother to see me for the first time in a year looking like an extra from "Valley Girl". It seemed important at the time. I know who's doing it Mom, I know who's blackmailing us. He had to have seen me. He knows I've made contact. I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine. Honey, just please go. Please go, baby. I have been searching for you for a year. I'm not going anywhere. Oh, god, I've missed you so much. But this is bad. This is very bad, you shouldn't be here. Neither should you. I'm trying, though, I'm trying to protect you and I can't. I can't. It's just so hard. Can we get some coffee over here please? It's okay. Mom, Mom, everything is gonna be okay. Clarence Wiedman was listening when I booked my flight to Barstow yesterday morning. I can only hope he's listening now. Or maybe, I want him listening. Now that was just racy. Respect the jumper, Jack. Respect the jumper. Kid's got rank. Enjoy this moment, 'cause it's over now. I've space and opportunity. Ooo. That's your jock back there. Do you need to jump back and kiss yourself? 'Cause I can wait. Good practice, good practice. Wallace, my man! Hey, what's up Wallace. Good game. Wassup, player? They like you! They really like you! Hi Wallace. Hi. Who's the hoochie? Nadine? She's in our grade. See, you need to socialise more, that's your problem. Wait. That's my problem? Yeah, I know. This school hasn't always been that great to you. The gentleman does have the gift for the understatement. I-I'm just saying… I've met a few people around here. They seem pretty cool. Maybe this school isn't as bad as you think it is. They seem friendly. Veronica. My office. Now. I love this school. When we arrived this morning, we discovered that Polly was gone. Missing or...? Missing! Someone stole our mascot? Well, lets get to it. You know is was me and I know it wasn't and now I'm suspended or expelled, tarred, feathered- Excuse me? I didn't take the bird. I'm not accusing you. I'm asking for your help. I want you to find Polly. You know how out of control the rivalry between Neptune and Pan High is. It used to be toilet paper on trees but in recent years things have… escalated. If this matter isn't resolved quickly and discretely, things could get ugly. We don't really have the money to hire a professional but I have noticed that you have certain… skills plus as I understand it, you work for your dad in some capacity. I do. And what do you normally charge for something like this? A lot. Yeah, it's gonna set you back. How far back? Personal letter of recommendation. I'll write it, you'll sign it. My own parking space and... a different locker, preferably in the east hall. The letter and the locker, fine. But you're not getting your own parking space. - Can you get me out of PE? - No. - How about a few excused absences? - How about one? - I'm thinking three. - Miss Mars... - You're the one with the missing bird. - Fine. Two. And  this is, obviously, a confidential matter. It'll be our little secret. Good game, Wallace. Yo, Wallace! You hear some guys from the Pan High stole our parrot? Do not take this lying down. - They stole Polly? - Gone. I guess the secret's out. And this matters to you? I have plenty of free time as an office aide. Me and Polly, we bonded. It'll eat right from my hand. What's  up Wallace? I must say, I'm a little touched. You picked the locker next to mine. This is prime real estate. Wallace Fennel adajacent? I'm telling you. This school is so much better than my old one. Look at this. Wow, your own cookies? Snickerdoodles. And they just appeared in my locker, just like that. Open my locker, bam. Homemade cookies. And that's not all. A peeled grape? "Go Wallace. We love you. You rock." Wow. A snack and an ego stroke. I wish I was a baller. Great game the other night, man. Eighteen points, eight assists. On the streets, we call those dimes. Streets! You live on the corner of Pleasant Valley and Marigold. Hey, did you cut your hair? No, I'm growing it out. Wel- anyway, it looks great. Thanks. - We gonna beat Pan, man? - Bet on it. Can I just do something? Why does everyone keep doing that to you? Seriously, it's like you're made of velour or something. Wallace, you coming or what? I was gonna go hang out with some of the guys on the team at lunch. And ruin the sanctity of our lunch duo? You know that'll send me crying to the bathroom. Come hang out. At the cool jock table? Me? Come on. They're all right. Thanks, but I have other plans. Pan High, the Un-Neptune. Just 15 miles away but when those miles are heading inland, there are no yacht clubs and no $5 million homes with coastal views. The parking lot is full of American-made cars from the nineties and the vending machines don't carry Orangina. People here hate Neptune as much as I do. Go to any High School in America and you can tell who the popular kids are. Who's that? They travel in packs of the biggest, the shiniest, and the prettiest. And much like wolves, they're always on the lookout for new meat. Got some room over here! Whoever said it's a man's world had no idea how easy it is sometimes to be a girl. I was doing the first day scout. Where to sit, where not to sit. This is a good choice, I promise. I'm Richie. Uh-oh. Thirteen. Is it my unlucky day? Hardly! It's your first day and you're already at the cool table. - This is Curtis. - How you doing. - And that's Zeke. - Hey. Hi. I'm… Betty. So, you guys all play basketball? Curtis and I do. I'm team manager. Which is like being on the team. Which is like being near the team. I love basketball. I'm kind of a freak when it comes to sports. I totally get into it. Are we talking face paint? Face painting, hair streaking the colour of the school. At my old school, I was Horny. We were the Rhinos. I was the mascot. And what school was that? Riverdale. Never heard of it. Oh, but hey, did you guys hear? Someone stole the Neptune parrot. Parrot? And you thought rhino was weird? Well, they're the Pirates. So, you know, their mascot's a parrot. It's… yeah. Whoever stole it is my hero. Neptune High sucks. Believe me. Oh, I do. We beat them every year. That was then, this is now. I tell you, that Fennel kid is amazing. He is? Really? We're not gonna lose. I guarantee it. All right? We got something special up our sleeve for Neptune. Hey Richie! You're not gonna believe this. They've got our goat! - What? - Neptune, man, the stole Billy! It's so on! A day in the life of a human google. Always in search mode. One moment tracking down the absurd, parrots and goats, metaphors for a school pride I don't possess and an hour or two later, going after the appalling, the murderer of a teenage girl. Sheriff Lamb takes an annual marlin fishing expedition. I can't let the opportunity go to waste. Just let me know if you need something else. How's my makeup? I wish you weren't seeing me like this. You  should have seen me last night. I was wearing blue eyeshadow. We had an eighties dance at school. Oh, that sounds fun. Was that fun? Well, I guess things don't just stop, do they. There's still birthdays and dances and Christmas. No, there's really not. You remember that time you wanted to shave your hair like Cyndi Lauper? I know about you and Jake Kane. I wanna know what was between the two of you. Were you so adamant that dad not go after Jake for Lilly's murder because you still had feelings for him? - Oh Veronica. - Tell me. Jake was innocent. - How do you know that? - I just know that. Like in your heart because you love him? No. Because I was with him at the time of the murder. We were in a hotel room at the Neptune Grand. Just so you know, in my mind that daydream was about me. Oh yeah? I was a little surprised you had me in full armour but, whatever. So what can I do for you? Ah, I need a favour. A big one. Please say you need me to take care of a parking ticket for you. I need you to get me the interrogation tapes from Lilly's murder investigation. You got a weird call yesterday. The bank wanted to let you know you were overdrawn. I thought you were squirreling away all that college money. Must be a mistake. Forgot a decimal or something? Or I blew it on dames and horses. You'd tell me if there was a problem, right? I tell you everything. Maybe not everything. There are some things you're better off not knowing. Guess you couldn't tell Dad you were in a hotel with your ex. It wasn't like that. I doesn't matter what it was like, Mom. I just went there to talk to him. On the one day all the Starbucks were closed. Well, it had to be in private. Everything's just not so easy to explain, Veronica. Could you just try? Do you think maybe I could have some real, actual answers? You left us. Well, a few days before, I was in your room putting up the laundry. Your phone rang, the machine got it. I heard Celeste's voice. Celeste Kane was leaving me a message? She said she had important information involving me and her husband. Things she thought you ought to know. She didn't want you seeing Duncan. So I called Jake, I met him at the Neptune Grand and I told him to tell his wife to back off. I was protecting you. Uncool, Zeke, uncool. It's not like that. See, now, no matter what, after the game, I'm gonna be happy. - What's wrong, guys? - Well hey, Betty. I just learned that Zeke here bet $200 on Neptune. Richie! They're 14/6, we're 6/14. I mean, there's no line. I'd be crazy to pass this up. They were favoured last year and we beat them. Okay, all I'm saying, is I'm not the only one. There's a bookie that set up camp at Rest Stop 15 and from what I hear, everyone from Neptune and everyone here are gonna go out there and put money on Neptune. What's Rest Stop 15? It's halfway between here and Neptune. It's like a cross between Inspiration Point and Tijuana. It overlooks the ocean, people go there to park. Plus guys sell stuff out of their trunks. You can get your hands on anything - beer, weed, porn, car stereos. That's what I'm told. What is that all about? Why is everyone clapping for Wilson Stablers? Dude, he's the one that stole the parrot. He's showing everybody this picture he has saved on his phone with himself and the parrot. I'm gonna go shake that man's hand. See, Zeke. That's Pan pride. What's that? Is this a big drop off point? "To Pan High cafeteria. Bon appetit. Love Neptune." They butchered Billy. Wilson! Hello? I hear you're the guy to see about seeing a parrot. Man. Word really gets around, doesn't it? You're the new girl, right? Word does get around. You wa-you want to see the parrot, huh? I do. I just think that's so cool that anyone would do that. I mean that takes a real man, you know? Yeah. How'd you get your hands on it? I just walked into the school, like I was a student there and nobody even asked me anything. That's so brave. Can't believe that worked. Wilson? Yeah? I  hope this doesn't seem forward but… I was planning on heading over to Rest Stop 15 later, you know, to check it out. I was wondering if you'd be my tour guide. Show me around? Meet me up there? Four o'clock. Don't be late. Bingo, Betty. Hey it's me. No, it's not my phone. Listen, I'm sending you a picture. You wish. What are you doing later? Ever hear of Rest Stop 15? Why doesn't that surprise me. Hey there, buddy. Looking for love in all the wrong places? Who, me? I'm a no one. Where's the bird, Wilson? I'm nearly bursting with Pirate pride here. Weevil wanna punch a cracker. What bird? You want to think about that answer, man? All right. Look, I know what you're talking about but I didn't take the parrot, I swear to god. Someone's going to H-E-double hockeysticks. That's not Neptune's mascot in the photo. It's from a pet store, okay. I heard that somebody took the mascot. Everybody was making such a big deal out of it. Look, they all thought it was so cool. Wait a minute. You went to a pet store and took a picture of yourself with a parrot so people would think you were cool? Yeah. All right? That's this close to taking a hot cousin to your prom. Go home. Get out of here. No more favours for you. Now I gotta feel bad for this kid. If it's any consolation, I hate myself. Hey! Are you the guy? Probably. Hey, can you put me down for a hundred on Neptune? Hey, Betty. Why don't you excuse us… Betty. We're doing some business here. Lucky for me I have business of my own to attend to. Family business. When Dad lost his job as sheriff, he announced to my mom and me that we were going to stay in Neptune and he would try to make his living as a private investigator. That was the last straw for Mom. Honey, I'm not feeling too great. You should have something to eat. That's not gonna do it. - I just need a little sip of something. - No. Honey, my head is pounding. It's like tangled and- I don't want you to, Mom. I want you to keep talking to me. What did Jake say when you told him about Celeste's call? I don't know, nothing but I'm just gonna get a beer. What happened with Jake? I don't know, I just, I convinced him to make her back off. - How did you convince him? - It's very complicated Veronica, I don't know how to explain it to you or have it make any sense… Just tell me the truth! How did you convince him? I told Jake that if Celeste tried to contact you again, I'd have a paternity test done and take him for millions. So you know, then? Are you sure that test will prove that Jake's my father? No. Will it prove that Dad is? I don't know. How's that for inconspicuous? They don't teach you this at the academy by the way. That's on me. Thank you. Yeah. That's not going to be good enough. I hate to bribe you but I'm fairly certain that aiding and abetting qualifies me for a dinner date. Actually, it qualifies you for dinner and a movie but you undershot, so… Damn. Hey, do you know anything about sports betting? A little. Why would a bookie take bets on a team to win straight up, no line, if one team is heavily favoured? He wouldn't. A bookie usually tries to find a line on a game in which half the money gets bet on one team and half the money gets bet on the other. They make their money on commission. If a bookie accepts bets that are all on one side of the line, he's, well, he's either going to make a killing or he's gonna get killed. Why would he risk it? I don't know. Maybe he knows something that the people who are betting, don't. Four years I've been going here and we've never beaten these guys. This most definitely is our year. I'm telling ya. You gonna eat those? I gotta go get a book out of my car. - Wallace! - Catch up with you guys later. Why are you following me? You say following, I say taking a walk with a friend. I'm just curious to know where you're going with the apple, the potato chips and the raisins. Forgot about that third eye. So what'cha up to? Trust me, you don't want to know. Oohh. I hate to know things. Please tell me that's not filled with Polish hookers. - Oh, man, what is with you? - You stole a goat? They stole our parrot. Matter of principle. Unlike you, I have some school pride. And a goat crapping apples in the back of your buddy's van. Congratulations. Will you quit it? Well, this is what high school is all about. Having some fun, you know, messing around. This was Jack's idea. I don't even know how I got stuck with the damn thing. I had it in the guest house and it ate everything, the rug, the sofa, my Air Jordans. And he lived to tell the tale? I don't' know what to do with it. It's driving me crazy. Bad, kidnapped goat! That's it? You're not gonna offer me any help? Looks like we're going to have plenty of material for the "Letters to the editor" page. "Polly's kidnapping is more than just a juvenile school prank. It is an act of terrorism." Wow. Polly wanna payback. There's about twenty more just like it. Bird's got fans. And now for an opposing view. A little something for the uninformed masses. "Maybe the people who think that the person who took Polly is so awful should stop and think about the person who ripped Polly from her natural habitat and forced her to live in a cage. I only hope whoever took that beautiful bird had the decency to set her free. And if Polly really loves them, she'll fly back to them." I think she's one of those SAAC girls. Yeah, that's gonna need a little further explanation. Uh, Students Against Animal Cruelty. They threw the bucket of blood on the homecoming queen a couple of years ago for wearing fur. Bucket of blood. Have we learned nothing from "Carrie"? Jake, you know I have to talk to you, it's routine. Well, I already told you, Keith. I was at the Neptune Grand with Celeste. What were you doing? You're kidding. I was in a hotel room with my wife. What do you think I was doing? Come on, you know what it's like when you've got kids. Privacy just goes out the window. This is something that we do from time to time. So you've done this before? Yes. So you have receipts, to verify that this is something you do. I mean, this is insane. You should be out finding Lilly's killer, not grilling me. Were you making love? Private, don't you think? Under the circumstances, no. How long did you make love for? I'm not answering that. You were in a hotel room for two and a half hours. How much of that time was spent making love? Well, I don't remember exactly. It was a while. So what did you do when you first got into the room? I don't' know. We settled in. What does that mean? You took off your shoes, your tie… No, I put on the TV. What was on the TV? Why are you doing this Keith? I'm just asking questions. Not even hard ones. We put on the TV for background noise so we could get right to it. Okay? Now do you want a, uh, play-by-play? It must be some good music. I could've painted the living room, you wouldn't have noticed. I left my algebra book over here. So, maybe you were right about the goat. Wait a minute. These are snickerdoodles. You're the one who's been making my spirit boxes? I used to be on pep squad, remember? But you think all this stuff is stupid. You don't. Hey, you wanna open your locker tomorrow and find an empty box? Um-um-um, the girl can bake. That she can. Hey, are you picking your mom up from work today? Yeah. Can you do me a weird favour without asking any questions? Isn't that the bedrock upon which our friendship was founded? When you're at Kane Software, go to Clarence Wiedman's office. Put this on his assistant's desk. It's from her secret admirer. Um, um, should I wait for a tip? I don't understand why you couldn't talk to both of us at the same time. I'm sorry, Celeste, it's department policy. How long were you in the hotel? Two and a half hours. That's just what Jake said. Well we were there together. Can I get you some water or something? No, thank you. Celeste, it's just routine. You don't have to worry. Just answer the questions. If it's routine, then just talk to Jake. I don't understand why you have to talk to me. The two of you were together in the room the whole time? Yes. And what did you do when you got there? We had some champagne. On the patio. From room service. No, we brought it from home. Do you usually bring your own champagne to the Neptune Grand. We don't usually have to stay at the Neptune Grand. Special occasion. Do you remember what was on TV that afternoon? Trust me, Keith, we weren't watching TV. Grab your lip gloss and your pepper spray, sweetheart. Your date's here. In my culture, Chinese food is always followed by gelato. I don't remember you brokering in a dessert stop. Getting out of the car was a tacit agreement. Right this way. Breath mint, smooth. That's all I wanted. Veronica? Uh, hey. Look at you, you look gorgeous. Hey, Leo. You know Duncan, right? - No. - Yeah, uh, no. - Hey. - How ya doing? These are Duncan's parents, Mr and Mrs Kane. - How ya doing? - How's it going? Hi. Hey, well, um, enjoy. Maybe we should find something a little cosier. It's fine. Good evening. Are you sure this is okay? It's perfect. …the day Lilly died, round the exact time, actually, Jake and I were in that motel room. Out of nowhere, Celeste bursts in. She'd been following Jake around. She's screaming, saying these horrible things, I just got out of there. You don't see them again? No. Well actually, I went to the ladies room in the lobby and when I came out, I saw Celeste storming out of the lobby. You see anything you like? Yes I do. Celeste told my father she was in the hotel with Jake for two hours. The way my mother tells it, she was there for 20 minutes, tops. So what if Celeste say my mom in the lobby? What better way to control my mother than have Clarence Wiedman take photos of me framed in a rifle-sight. Maybe it wasn't a paternity issue. Maybe it was an alibi issue. Maybe it was both. …not knows that there are still thirteen seats left on the Big Bear ski bus for the weekend of the 18th through the 20th. And on a more serious note, the SACs are coming up… I don't want to hear about your protein deficiency, Marsha. You eat eggs, you might as well eat baby. Arriana? Hi. I just wanted to let you know, I really liked your letter. Really? Yeah, really. I'm sorry. I have a hard time believing that someone who let a cow die so she could wear butch boots cares about a parrot. My boots aren't butch. But they are leather. Let me cut to the chase. Do you know anything about Polly? Yeah. I know that she's better off not being in a cage. Is she better off scrounging for food when she's used to having it provided for her? - Come here. - Do it. Put it under there. It's fake fur, you freaks. Greetings from your masters at Pan High. If Wallace Fennel plays in tomorrow night's game, Polly the parrot will die. We now return you to your regularly scheduled programme. …by the Dance Committee and a school wide vote will choose the winner. How's our feathered friend? Excuse me? You took the parrot, didn't you? You're taking even money bets on a team everyone thinks will win. Why would you do that unless you knew that Wallace, our best player, wouldn't play? You know, I always knew you had a thing for me but I never thought you wanted me for my brain. I'm gagging on the inside. Come on, Veronica. Do I look that smart? I'm just a simple bookie. I got both sides of the line covered. And ask yourself this. Why would I help you find the parrot if stealing the parrot was my secret plan, huh? This just sucks. I have to say, it really does. Coach called me into his office and said I should play. All the guys want me to play. But my playing isn't really a big deal. Jack's good. He was a starter last year. What do you want to do? You know I want to play. But on the other hand, it ain't worth Polly's life. I can't do it. I can't play. Would it cheer you up if I brought back the goat? Yeah, it would. I need your help with something. Hey. Um, sure. Whatever you need. How was your broadcast interrupted? I don't know. When there's no breaking news, we record the show the night before. So, someone had to get in and cut in the Polly announcement before it aired this morning? They must have. Wow. We actually kinda just had a conversation. See, that's what you do now. You take that deep breath like you're preparing for battle or something. I was just breathing. I want everything to be okay between us. It is. We just- we run in different circles. It doesn't have to be like that. It does. I'm not programmed to forgive and forget, I can't just start chumming around with people who've ignored and mocked me for a year. That's just not me. Well, maybe we can have our own circle without them. Maybe. Well, whoever they are, they've done a stellar job at concealing their identity. Jacket, mask, gloves. No visible "Hello, my name is" sticker. Hey, maybe there's something on the floor? It's really shiny, maybe there's a reflection. Wait a sec, what's that? What? On the sneaker. I think it's just dirt. Or maybe not. I need a basketball programme. Good job, Betty. Who is this Betty? Beats me. There's Polly and bonus mascot. And those are some photos for Coach. Who had Polly? Give me one sec, okay? Betty, you made it. Richie, you are a really great guy and if the popular kids at this school were half as nice as you are, I'd wanna be popular. I know that sounds weird but it's a huge compliment. So good luck tonight. You're gonna need it. Wallace Fennel has a killer crossover. But it's really his sweetness and purity of spirit that makes him unbeatable. What did she just say to you? Beats the hell out of me. You better warm up, Fennel. You got Polly back? I kinda rock. I know what you're thinking Jack. Aarrgh. Whoever made that death threat video forgot to cover up the number thirteen on his sneakers. Now there are two thirteens suiting up tonight. Your Pan counterpart believes that a kid named Wilson stole the parrot. Why would I steal our own parrot. That's easy. With Wallace sitting out, you'll go back to being a starter. As point guard, you can control the score of the game. You know, like you did last year when you missed those two free throws in the final minute. How much money did you make betting against your own team last year? You went in my room? I mean isn't that like breaking and entering or something? I told your mom I was a cheerleader and we needed Polly for the game tonight. - She let me in. - She's crazy man. Picture of the Pirate Pride trophy next to the parrot, Jack. You're the guy covering all of Weevil's bets. There must be thousands of dollars bet on this game. You're pretty screwed here, Jack. Come with me, young man. Wallace, man. Okay, Wallace, you're in. Yes sir. Let's go, let's go, let's go! Go kick some ass, Air Fennel. Ah, the big game. Another high school high that makes me want to eat rocks. Being surrounded by screaming, foam-fingered spirit freaks who hate me hardly sounds thrilling but for Wallace, this is his shining moment. So what's it gonna be girlie girl? I've saved nearly every penny since I started working for Dad. I know I can't count on college money from him and I know it kills him that he can't offer. It's gone now. I had enough for four years at San Diego State, a year at Stanford and a semester at the Sorbonne. Lets hope it's worth it. We do insist that payment be made in full upfront. Wait. Wait. This- I don't need you to- This isn't right, Veronica I can figure this out. I can kick this on my own. There is nothing twelve weeks in here can do that I can't do myself. I don't want you to have to do this. I want you to come home. I miss you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Dad, can you come in here for a minute? I really need to get you a bell so you can ring for me. Looks like Neptune beat the hell out of Pan last night. Yeah. I want you to answer me something, honestly. Sure, honey. Don't get mad and don't blow me off, just answer me, please. Okay. Why would a person agree to confess to a murder he didn't commit? Veronica. Money, a lot of it. But if you're not around to spend that money, what does it matter? Well, maybe there's someone else. Someone you care about that will be around after that person dies. Wait, Dad, you know what? I think I know who's collecting the money from Abel Koontz's confession. Now we'll learn how well Wallace follows instructions if my special rubber tree plant was delivered to the desktop of my choice. Lois. Get me Amelia DeLongpre. Yes, Mr Wiedman. Let's see what the connection is between Amelia DeLongpre and Abel Koontz. What do you know. In the entire internet universe, there's only one document that pairs them. "Stella Koontz died Sunday night after a long battle with cervical cancer. She leaves behind son Abel Koontz of Neptune and granddaughter Amelia DeLongpre."