Did you put it there? No, Hank. You like that?! Huh?! He says Sheriff Lamb's dead. Two maintenance workers found a bag of bloody clothes on campus. The shirt belongs to your boyfriend, Hank Landry. Either you're covering for him, or he's covering for you. So, here's something the freshman guidebook failed to address: your dad is acting sheriff, he thinks your favourite professor may have murdered your favourite dean. So where do you sit in class? Up front now seems awkward. But isn't a seat in the back like hanging an "I think you're guilty" sign? I hope you're not relocating. Oh, Professor. No, I was just... I know, Veronica, It's kind of a weird situation, but I-I don't want you to think that this disagreement that your father and I are having will in any way affect things between us. A student like you comes along once, maybe twice, in a career. I'm glad that I get to be the one to mentor you, and I really hope that you don't forget that amid all this... I won't. Thanks, Dr. Landry. This doesn't make sense, Keith. Sheriff Mars, actually. I am acting sheriff now. So, sorry... Okay. Sheriff. Why am I still here being questioned by you in that tone of voice? You said that you found my ex-husband's fingerprints all over Cyrus' computer keyboard. Steve was clearly unstable. You found his prints on the keyboard. Isn't that what you people call a smoking gun? "Goodbye, cruel world." That sentiment uses eleven letters. Unstable ex-husband Steve's prints are on every key on the keyboard. And, of course, there's the matter of the gloves found in the incinerator. Did the killer bother to wear gloves for the murder, only to take them off and leave prints all over the computer? So, no, that's not what we call a smoking gun. I didn't kill Cyrus, Keith. Sheriff Mars. You said you and Hank Landry were alone at the Neptune Grand on the evening of your husband's death, but a witness heard two men fighting in your room at midnight. You say you never left the hotel, but at 1:30, your car is checked out of valet and checked back in an hour later. In that time, a phone call is made between your cell and Landry's. You claim you never left the hotel and this call concerned toothpaste. Roughly thirty minutes after your car is checked back in, a student passing near your husband's window heard the gunshot. Toxicology reports show that your husband had a large dose of Xanax in his system. The dean's assistant said he was out, but records show you picked up a refill prescription for him earlier in the evening. It just doesn't add up, Mindy. I believe Hank Landry killed your husband, Mrs. O'Dell. I believe I can prove it. My question to you is this: are you gonna take the fall with him? The man who came to the hotel room. That was Cyrus. He was furious. He had a gun. Put the gun down, Cyrus. Let's talk about this. Oh, "Cyrus"? Oh, we're on a first-name basis now? - I can see how you might be confused... - Cyrus. ...about our relationship, what with you sleeping with my wife and all. But let me remind you, I'm your boss. Please, put the gun down - and then we'll talk. - Cyrus, please! - Please! - There's nothing to talk about. You're done, Hank, and I don't mean just at Hearst. I mean everywhere. No tenure, no more happy days in academia bedding impressionable students - and easily charmed wives. - Cyrus, please. He threatened to end his career? Well, Hank's career means everything to him. Cyrus could kill him at every reputable college in the country. Cyrus stormed out, and Hank freaked. I said that I would go and try and talk him down. I went to the house, but his car wasn't there, so I went by his office. And the phone call? Hank wanted to know how it went. How did it go? Well, his office window had just been egged, so he wasn't in a good mood. What are you doing here? I'm here to ask you one more time, Cyrus, to please be merciful. That's when you gave him the Xanax? I thought it would do him some good. Three pills practically left him helpless. I just gave him the bottle. He handled the dosage. Look, I was there for five minutes. He yelled, I left, end of story. What did you tell Landry? Nothing. When I got back, he wasn't there. You came to me to prove your husband was murdered. It didn't occur to you that your lover might have done it? I knew that Cyrus didn't kill himself. I wanted to know who did, even if it was Hank. You provided his alibi. Until you told me about Hank's bloody clothes, I believed someone else was responsible. Cyrus had plenty of enemies. You'll testify Hank was worked up? That he panicked at the thought of losing his career? Yes. I've known three men in your life, Mrs. O'Dell. Two are dead. The great state of California may see to the third. How am I supposed to react to that? Reflexively. Don't leave town. Many agencies requesting criminal profiles are unified by the misperception that the profiling process can somehow circumvent the work of analyzing physical evidence on a particular case... Uh... Review conducted by Horvath and Meesig determined that physical evidence is used less than 25% in the cases- All right, then. May I ask what this is all about? I'm going to arrest you, Dr. Landry. You should feel free to dismiss your class. There's no reason for the students to see you led out of here in cuffs. Class, the acting sheriff has some questions he'd like to ask about a case, so I'm gonna let you go early. Uh, read chapter six by next class. Veronica Mars 3×15 "Papa's cabin" Transcript: Inigo [vmtranscripts.com] Synchro: Camilla, Michele [veronicamars.it] Vieni a trovarci! veronicamars.it Say it again, please, into the microphone. I'm happy to answer questions without a lawyer present. Mindy flipped on you. I don't believe you. She says she went back to the dean's office that night. She talked to her husband, gave him his Xanax. When she got back, you were gone. The dean was murdered at three a.m. You sure you don't want a lawyer? Mindy said the dean visited your hotel room. She says he threatened to destroy your career, and she went back to his office to try and plead for you. That's what she said? That's all she said about his visit? Well... the dean did more than threaten me. No more happy days of academia bedding down impressionable students - and easily charmed wives. - Stop it. If you just put the gun away- And you! You will find your things on the lawn tomorrow morning, okay? I'm so sorry I didn't take my friends' advice about marrying you, but thank god I took their advice about a pre-nup. We are done, and you get nothing, you hear me?! Nothing! She didn't go back to save me, Keith. She went back to save herself. She was back at the hotel room by the time the dean was dead. The ex-husband, Batando. It's not looking like Batando. A maintenance worker found something interesting while cleaning out the incinerator at Hearst. You want to fill me in? A bag... containing a dress shirt and gloves... yours... covered in O'Dell's blood. Mindy. She set me up. She can get to my clothes. I don't know how she got her car back to the hotel, but- Her alibi checks out. How about you finally tell me where you were at three a.m. the night of December 10th? I left the hotel and drove home alone. I stopped at a convenience store for cigarettes. You charge them? No. And the clerk didn't even look up from his little TV set. Wait. Can I bum one of those? Here. Take two. I don't really smoke. So, this mystery woman, anything you can tell me about her? Uh, late thirties, early forties. Brunette. I don't suppose you can tell me how your clothes ended up covered in the dean's blood? I suggest you find a lawyer, a very good one. You're a smart man. You got to see I have a case. Professor Landry. Tim. Of course. It's always Tim. What's going on? They think you killed the dean. I didn't. Their case is... Just... There are two things you can do, though. - I found a bug in my phone. - A bug? I need to find out who put it there and how long it's been there. Okay. What else? I need you to find a needle in a haystack. What the hell are you doing? I'm... I'm... Formulating a lie, realising it's futile, begrudgingly telling the truth? I'm trying to help Landry, okay? He gave-he gave your father the bug that someone planted in his phone. I'm hoping it will-it will lead to Mindy. How is it gonna lead to Mindy? I don't know. Uhm, serial numbers? - They don't have serial numbers. - Well, I didn't know! There's got to be a way. How would you do it? Well, first I'd break into someone's office, act really weaselly, and then ask their advice. Pardon my manners, Veronica, but I'm a little desperate. Landry... he didn't kill the dean. Mindy's framing him. He's a great man. I'm gonna do everything I can to help him. He has an alibi. He was at a convenience store at the time of the murder. And he's got the credit-card receipt to prove it? No, but he-but he talked to a woman. He gave her a cigarette. I- I know it means nothing, but your dad doesn't believe him. He's not looking for the witness. I'm his only hope... Unless you help me. You want my help? Well, I... I need it. I'm not... I'm not good in the field. I am more of a thinker. I have to find this woman, talk to her. You might be an asset. I don't konw. Maybe... I don't know. Lots of people come through here. I don't, like, memorise their faces or anything. Sorry. How long do you keep the surveillance tapes? Um, like, no long. It's not hooked up. It's just for show. You usually work the night shift? Yes. You gonna buy anything? This is ridiculous. - Welcome to "in the field." - Well, it just seems hopeless. We have no idea who this woman is. She could've just been driving through town, or she could live next door and gone on vacation for a year. Or... she could have been a down-on her-luck catholic schoolgirl smuggling cantaloupes in her shirt. So, are they, like, shooting a Mötley Crüe video here or- Strip City's just across the street. Three o'clock's the shift change. It's not like Buckcherry wrote it for Tory. I have seniority. Excuse me. Hi. Um, have you seen this guy? It would have been here, eight weeks and two days ago to be exact. What are you, some kind of little detective team or something? - Well, as a matter of fact, we happen to be- - We're just... trying to find my dad. He left home again without paying the rent. I'm sure there's a valid reason, - but if we could just find- - Yeah, there's a valid reason. Men are scum. Mystery solved. Except for you, Randy. Let me see. No. I'd remember that one. Two months ago? Any of you maybe bum a cigarette off him? Do we look like we smoke? Yes. It's bad for your skin. Sorry, we didn't see him, but try tomorrow. Tory's on, and she smokes like a big, old slutty chimney. Hey! Hey. I didn't think you were gonna make it. How was Econ? Uh, Econ? Tuesdays and Thursdays Econ? That class about economics. Oh, yeah. I flaked. But we agreed no lectures on college responsibility. Nope. I just- I thought that was your only class today. Yeah. And at the bottom, and we're done. Regency Life Insurance is very sorry for your loss, Mrs. O'Dell. Well, that means a lot. Good afternoon, ma'am. You maybe interested in buying a boat? Yes. I want that one. All right. So, I'm a guy, and I don't know or care about this stuff... but I feel like I'm supposed to tell you this. I'm starting to get a moustache? No. Then why are you staring at my lip? - Because you just made me. - Stop! I saw Logan and Parker having lunch. Here? Yeah. In the cafeteria? At lunchtime? God, why doesn't he just run me over with a truck? Man, I'm just telling you this because it looked like it was something, like they were... connecting, you know? What? I'm just trying to figure out which Gilmore Girl you are. I know he says he doesn't eat them, but leave a jelly if you know what's good for you. The last time you said that, you didn't actually get any jellies. I almost had a heart attack. Are you in trouble? Has anyone told you you look very convincing behind that desk? So, is that a no on the trouble? I'm just saying I like it better when we're not civilians. Speaking of, if I'm gonna be able to run red lights with impunity, I think a siren would be helpful. Care to tell me where you got Landry's case file? The filing cabinet? I'm hoping his testimony might help us find his alibi. Veronica... Between his bloody clothes and Mindy's testimony, things are not looking too great for Professor Landry. Well, they'll look better when we find this alibi, which we will. Keith, DA's on line two. Okay. But you might also get used to the fact that he might have done it, sweetie. Just... consider it. This is Keith Mars. Mindy O'Dell? Wasn't her deposition- What do you mean, missing? Isn't that all the proof they need? I mean, why would Mindy leave if she weren't guilty? She's still got an alibi for the time of the murder, although we know she gave him the Xanax. Maybe she set him up for the killer. What, like maybe Batando? He is a guy who can be bought. Or it could be anyone. Everyone hated the dean. Not everyone. Strippers ahoy. The one with the cigarette. I'll bet that's Tory. Ooh, you are a thinker. Let's see how you do in the field. If you're wondering where I am, I'm hanging out outside a convenience store eating corn nuts and watching strippers. Are you doing drugs? - No - Good. So, Mindy definitely split town. She shipped her kids to her parents in Surrey, England. Which shouldn't be a problem since you know Landry did it. No comment. Now... It's three a.m. Can I expect you home anytime soon? Got to go. Out of corn nuts. Bye. Excuse me. Can I ask you a quick question? Have you ever seen this guy? A few months ago. He gave me a cigarette. Why? So, you say you saw Hank Landry the night of December 10th? I bummed a cigarette from him. You remember some guy you met in a parking lot two months ago? He actually looked kind of like the guy I just broke up with, and it kind of freaked me out. I mean, what kind of loser breaks up with a girl two weeks before Christmas? And you're sure you saw Landry at exactly 3:30 that morning? Around there, yeah. Were you wearing a watch, Miss...? I stop there sometimes when my shift ends. Hey, you know, I just came in here because they said the guy was in trouble. I don't care if you believe me or not. Thanks, you guys. I wish there were a grade higher than an A. Mindy's disappeared. She got her insurance money and vanished. We think there's a chance she's working with Steve Batando. - If you want, we can keep- - No. No, you've done too much already. Thanks again. Terrific work. If I had to bet, I'd bet my dad isn't gonna leave it at that. We have to find those tapes. If Mindy was working with Batando, I bet Steve was the one planting the bug in Landry's phone, an insurance policy in case things went bad. Batando's keys are still in evidence. - Is there any way we get ahold- - "Is there any way?" There's nothing here. What? Nice gloves. You headed to the parlour to strangle Colonel Mustard after this? We're breaking and entering. I can't leave prints. Use your sleeve. It's less creepy. So... where else would you hide illicit... recordings? I didn't know Night Ranger had this many albums. Well... So, there's these dvds. Does he have A Bug's Life? Nope. But he does have Taps. Um... December 10th, 1:30 a.m. The night of the murder. Hello Mindy, for God's sake, come back. Hank, I-I have to go. Mindy, don't be stupid. He's not exactly in control of himself, - and he's got a gun. - I won't let this happen. I won't let him take everything. I just won't. - Damn it, I'll take care of this. - How? Just... I will, Mindy. - Don't worry. - No. No, Hank, I can't risk it. Anything else from that night? What's that one? It's, uh, it's that day. Probably just another... Hello. Hey, Hank, Bob Reid at Pepperdine. I'm calling about a job application we got from your teaching assistant, Tim Foyle. He put you as a reference, so I'm calling for your thoughts. Yeah. Well, um, Tim is loyal and hardworking. A good TA, kind of a kiss-ass. Very linear thinker. No imagination. You could do worse, but, honestly, Bob, at Pepperdine, I'm sure you could do better. Tim... No, it's fine. It- it doesn't matter. No, sir. I'm just saying if your judge had given me the warrant to tap his phone, we wouldn't be having this problem. And I asked for an ankle tracker. Bye. Did you talk to the airports? L.A.X., yeah, but I'm still waiting to hear from John Wayne. And you're not gonna, pilgrim, 'cause what I am is dead. What are you doing here, Veronica? I'm bringing you this. It's a recording of Mindy and Landry's phone call from the night of the murder. It really sounds like she did it, Dad. I really think Professor Landry is innocent. Well, I'm glad you do, honey, but right now I'm more concerned with finding him. - Wait. Finding Landry? - Yeah. He disappeared, too. So, you finally got that boat that you always wanted. Hi. My name's Carrie and I read one of your books. I really enjoyed it... I'm into hour three of listening to the recordings off Landry's cell phone, trying to find one that will connect Mindy and what I'm now afraid is her partner, Professor Landry, to the dean's murder, or, just as importantly, discover where they might have gone. Oh, all this sneaking around is driving me crazy. I wish we could just... - take a time-out. - Yeah, tell me about it. A week at Papa's cabin? Oh, God, baby, that would be so great. - Hello. - Hey, it's me. Do you know if Landry's father or his grandfather has a cabin? A cabin? I don't know, why? They mention it on the tapes, "Papa's cabin", like a getaway spot. Well, I've never heard of a cabin, but we can poke around. Uh, meet me at his house. I've still got his key. Bye. - Hey. - Hey. Long time, no see. Yeah. What's up? Nothing. No, it's just, uh, it's... it's kind of weird. Um, I don't know if you know, but, um, Logan and I... we're sort of, I don't know, hanging out... Actually, Parker, I'm just running out. Is it okay if we catch up later? Yeah. Okay. So, guess who went to a class today? Me. And guess what? I learned. You don't seem your very usual ebullient self. Actually, Logan, I've to, um... I don't know. What? Having a friend like Veronica... that's important to me. I'm just worried, you know? Yeah. I know. Okay. So, I guess it's true. Little future murderers play with dinosaurs like everyone else and have cuddly, old grandpas. Hey, Tim! I may have something. Me too. This was on the fridge. Looks more like a bar. Do you think they remodelled? You think this is the same place? What's that? Oh, it was in the office... trash. What's he doing with a disposable cell phone? Get a pen and paper. - Wait. What are you do- - Redial. Hello? Hi! This is K-RAC fm. Congratulations! You may have just won a new iPod. To claim your prize, press "pound." Please hold. Oh, oh, oh! So you get the phone number, then we look it up, and then you track down the address, right? That's one way to do it. Hi, it's Anna from K-RAC. How are you? Good. Is this real? If you can tell me our call number. Yeah. 103.1 fm. And you win! I just need you to confirm your name and address, and the K-RACing good-time van will show up with your iPod. Sure. J.D. Sansone. 18 Emberwood, Number 8. J.D. Sansone? Yeah. Are you the radio people? My name is Miss Crockett. This is my partner, Mr. Tubbs. We're here conducting an investigation. An official investigation. For what? How do you know Hank Landry? From, like, the juvie board. Can you explain? Just me and my buddies got nabbed stealing cough syrup from a drugstore. J.D.! Homework! Now! Who is it? Mom, this is Crockett and, uh, Tubbs, yeah. They're doing an investigation. So, it was blackmail? Hank was on the juvie board overseeing her son. The kid was one strike away from foster care. She says she was on her lunch break the other day and Hank called and threatened to take the kid off probation unless she showed up at that convenience store and said she saw Landry the night of the murder. And Landry? Still gone. No leads. We're kind of busy, so if you two... That's why we wanted to bring you these. On the tapes Batando had, Landry referred to "Papa's cabin." Like it was a getaway or hideout. So, we searched his house for ideas where that might be. No property records, but we found these. We're not sure if this is the same place or not. Do we know anything about Landry's dad? Grandfather. He called him "Papa." Brewer Landry lives in Florida. This doesn't look like Florida. It looks like the mountains. Those are aspen trees. Quaking aspens, so western mountains. And on this one, you can actually make out the license plate on this truck: navy letters on white. The most common pattern, so it could be anywhere: Virginia, Alabama, Illinois, Kansas. Quaking aspens, Western U.S. Okay. So, uh, Oregon, Washington, Wisconsin, Utah, or California. California has red state letters. So does Washington. Not on the endangered animals specialised plates. That could be a whale. Or a lake... As in crater lake, a specialised Oregon plate. Or "Papa" could be Ernest Hemingway. Papa's Cabin. "Papa's Cabin, Cabo San Lucas. Unwind at the hideaway once beloved by Ernest Hemingway." Anything? A pretty positive ID from the manager. The guy didn't rent the room. Just paid to moor boat. Hello? I didn't kill him, Keith. You must know this little trip to Mexico might lead me to take that statement with a grain of salt. It was her. Mindy? She did it, Keith. All I did for her and she set me up. - What did you- - I tried to cover for her, put it on Batando. The keyboard? Yeah, I just switched it with the dean's. It might have worked, too. But then you took over as sheriff. Where is she, Hank? Where's Mindy? There was an accident. I just wanted to talk, find out how she could turn on me like that. She must have thought I was gonna kill her. We fought... and I hit her, and she fell... Over. It was dark. I looked, but... But what? Where is she, Hank? I swear. I swear, Keith, it was an accident. Mars. We're on a last-name basis now? We skipped right over androgynous nicknames? I tried calling you "Chuckles," but it didn't stick. You know, some people are afraid of you. Huh. So, what's up, Echolls? Nothing. Just, uh... I wanted to... ask you about something. You know, it's kind of weird, but... you know, I was thinking of asking Parker out, and I wanted to make sure it was cool with you. Veronica! Are you coming in? Yeah, uh, one second. Of course! Thank you for asking. Sure. I know we're friends. Yeah. See ya. And good luck. Oh, uh, thanks for coming in. Yeah. So since Landry's been, you know, arrested... Well, it's kind of caught everyone, uh, by surprise, including me, as you know. Yeah. It kind of caught everyone by surprise. Anyway, I've been asked to take over his classes until they can find a replacement, and, uh, it's kind of a big job, and as you are kind of a... Star pupil, I was hoping you might, uh, be my TA... While I try to get a handle on all this. 'Cause I could really use the help. Of course. Great. Can you pick up my dry cleaning? So, as you probably know, uh, Professor Landry is no longer with us. I will be your instructor for the time being. So if you'll take your handouts from the Webber text- Yes. What happened? What do you mean? I mean, our professor murdered the dean. Can't we discuss that? I mean, this is criminology, right? Well, it's a little awkward for me... But okay. This is criminology. So... Landry kills O'Dell. A crime of passion? Opportunity? Premeditation? What do we know? Well, passion clearly was a factor. Dean O'Dell's wife, Mindy, and Landry were engaged in an affair. The dean caught them, threatened to ruin them, destroy Landry's career. So motives pretty much a classic- Is it true he got the idea from one of our perfect-murder papers? Possibly. Again, opportunity. The idea in this paper probably suited the situation. He knew he had a limited window to act. He knew the dean was drunk and upset, and he had a gun. So a fake suicide suited the circumstances. Any chance the dean's wife helped set him up? He was drugged, right? An anti-anxiety drug, yes, but he had a prescription. Now, is it possible they colluded? Yes. Will we ever know? Well, with Mindy dead and Landry not speaking, probably not. Landry was a smart man, but the bloody clothes he thought he incinerated got stuck in a chute, and once they were found, everything unravelled. Another interesting thing about this case is once a perpetrator starts improvising, the sloppier his work becomes. They find the bloody clothes, so Landry first tries to frame Mrs. O'Dell's ex-husband, and then, when he was arrested, in this room, as you all remember, he fakes an alibi. How? He called a woman whose son he oversaw in the juvenile probation board. It might have worked, actually, if the phone he had called them with hadn't been found. Again, chance. If you remember from reading Holst, 80% of- - Veronica! - When? Uh, when what? When did he call her? L- Landry was arrested here and taken straight to the sheriff's department. When did he have the time to make the blackmail call to fake his alibi? Well, uh, s-someone mentioned the possibility that he and Mindy colluded. She could have called while- It was a male voice on the phone. Well, then it's possible he called earlier, anticipating his arrest. Remember. This is a man who, at this point, knew his crime had been exposed. He knew Mindy was under investigation and had sent her children to relatives in England. He could easily have assumed that she had turned against him. Anyway, in 80% of cases... The breakthrough evidence was- Was obtained outside the usual police protocols. An interesting point of-of Holst, I think, he makes here, is that... Veronica How did you know she sent her kids to England? I'm actually not sure, but- So whoever bugged Landry's phone knew that the dean caught Mindy and Landry together and that the dean was drunk in his office? Well, if you're suggesting Batando killed them, it's possible. If you follow the thread through- So this person would also be aware that Professor Landry shot down your chances for a teaching job at Pepperdine. - Oh, my God. - Did you hear what she just said? - Yes, if they listened- - To all the tapes... Which it sounds like you did. I... I'm - I'm not sure I understand. - I do. When my dad called to tell me that Mindy had sent her kids to relatives in England, you couldn't have heard. You were in a convenience store talking to a stripper. You bugged my phone. You bugged Landry's phone. You knew he shot down your job application. You knew the dean threatened him. You knew the dean was zonked out on Xanax and scotch in his office, and you had access to Landry's clothes. You murdered Dean O'Dell to destroy Professor Landry... because he used you, then betrayed you. And when he said he had an alibi, you faked it, so you'd be sure he'd go down... Bet he'll change his mind about you not being that smart. And in a shocking development in a local murder investigation... Timothy Foyle, the teaching assistant of accused killer Hank Landry, has confessed to the murder of Cyrus O'Dell... The one big downside of justice: it feels good, but it doesn't change anything. A killer's in jail, but the dean is still dead, which remains fundamentally unfair. You got a confession? I am that good. So it's true what they say. There's a new sheriff in town? Until the special election, anyway. - What you making? - Meat and potatoes. I read somewhere that's what real men eat. Ah, is there a real man coming over? So, what's gonna happen to Landry? He's gonna be tried for manslaughter. He killed Mindy O'Dell. He confessed, too. Man. You get everyone to confess. I think it's the uniform. Do you have anything to confess? Yes. You embarrass me. Give me my meat, woman. And in other news, a San Diego businessman was found dead in his Laguna Beach house. Turn that off, will you? The discovery was made by his private secretary who told police she discovered the man's body on... You know I don't like you exposed to all this crime and violence. It's gonna warp your mind. Who am I kidding? Police have yet to make a ruling on the case.