Agent Yates. FBI. Shaver enters the sh (gunshot) ne... We have a serial killer. Last one was 27 years ago. Your father's a suspect in a series of unsolved shootings. Here come the FBI storm troopers. Anything ? William Shepard. What the hell ? The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event. October 12.1978 Keep it steady. Don't think. Just... trust your hands. There you go. That's it. That's a decent Adams. See if you catch any fish with it first before you go celebrating too much. I mean, that's the problem in life. Pride. People think they can't help it. But man has a choice... And that's where he's different from an animal. That's right. It's from East of Eden. Only showed it 20 times. Yeah. At the drive-in. Well, I guess you're right, but it doesn't make it any less true, take it from me. They got a Dirty Harry double bill playing in town. Maybe we could go. Sure. We'll see. Why don't you go grab us some firewood. Paul. You're a good kid. "Snake song" by Townes Van Zandt. Dad ? Dad ? Dad ? Dad ! We have no sign of the shooter from the post office, but we found his van abandoned at an old campground. Cause of death looks like a single bullet. Exit wound through the top of the skull. Suicide. Bill Shepard. Killed four people, then himself back in 1983. We got a different take, John. Yates ? You got me, G-Man. You're suspended pending an OPR. That coming from you or HQ ? Even if I wanted to protect you, I couldn't once those shots were fired. And you're about a hundred miles out of your jurisdiction. And you'd be about 500 miles away from this cabin without her. No thanks to you playing keep-away. Well, such a crack investigator, figured you'd find it on your own. Always this insubordinate, Lieutenant ? - Not to me. Can we get on with this ? - Absolutely. Ryan, when you're done putting 'em on the table, come and see what we've got. So ME estimates Bill Shepard offed himself about 30 years ago. But all that time someone's been paying property tax on this cabin using a local checking account. Even after Shepard died, paid up every year. So there's checks from the late '70s, early '80s. The signatures are different. They changed somewhere around the fall of 1978. From this... to this. Bill Shepard dropped off the face of the earth in 1978, but our first body dropped in 1980. So Shepard's dead before the first murders ? Means someone else did the killing. Yeah. Bill's son, Paul Shepard. Yeah, the bag from his video store. Half-empty box of 25-aught-six cartridges. Same as our sniper's ammo. Paul claimed that his father ran off, but he's been coming up here. Makes him what, 16, when the first murder occurred ? Awful young for a serial killer. Old enough to pull a trigger. Scotty, tell me you found Paul Shepard. No, but I sure as hell know where he's been. Cold Case Saison 7 Épisode 19 Transcript VO : www.ragbear.com The bullet - Part 2 Theodore Kutler, 26-year-old grad student. Took a bullet coming out of his apartment couple hours ago. Witnesses ? Well, several people heard the shot, and one witness saw a muzzle flash from that building. There was a shell casing found on the roof. Getting sloppy. He's on a spree. I'll take that. Last I heard, Ninth and Cherry was still Philadelphia proper. Well, if you want to get that evidence processed this year, we're gonna have to send it to my lab. Unless, of course, you don't trust me. Scotty, work the scene, huh ? Not looking for a jurisdiction war. It's only a matter of time before the media finds out we have an active serial killer on a rampage. Well, what do you propose ? Joint task force. Your guys and mine. Hey, look, no one's up to speed like Rush. She runs point on this. Fair enough. But we prosecute. Yates, too. - It's her case. - No deal. Yates has already booked a one-way ticket to the Anchorage field office. Cavanaugh ? Change of plans. Rush and I have field command with your oversight. According to who ? Well, you, actually. Just got off the phone with the SAC. Let him know your plans to pursue the case, and he signed off. Even you don't have the balls, Yates. Well, call him yourself, Ryan, if you don't believe me. 'Course you're gonna have to explain how I went off the reservation for a week, opened this case solo, while you sat in your corner office clueless. Don't pout, Ryan. It causes frown lines. Bad news is she likes you. Or maybe she just cares about the job. You've known her, what, three days ? Yates talks a good game, but she's reckless. Being told that before our victim was a grad student, he was the manager at the Long View Video store. That was Paul Shepard's place. Anything different about Paul lately ? He seem aggravated, depressed ? No. No more than usual. You-You guys need, like, a warrant to be here ? 'Cause I'm in charge. When was the last time you saw Paul ? Uh, yesterday ? No, no. Day before. Uh, no. Thursday. It was... It was Thursday. What are you doing on that thing ? Oh, totally Tweeting all this. Dude. Hey, Brian, focus. Tell us about your relationship with Paul. All right, Theo was the manager; Paul was the owner. Little more detail. Like why Theo didn't work here anymore. He quit ? Get fired ? Oh, oh, definitely fired. What the hell happened, Theo ? - We were robbed. - Yeah, I can see that. They wrecked the place. But the windows aren't broken. The locks are untouched. The alarm didn't go off. You see where I'm going with this, Theo ? I was kind of out of it last night. My girlfriend and I were fighting, and... I went over there. Might have neglected to... You might have neglected ? Do you understand what this means, Theo? The insurance won't pay if the alarm wasn't on. Maybe I could chip in. It's-It's not just the money. I mean, look at this stuff. It's-It's irreplaceable. I mean, do you... do you have any idea how long it took me to fix this place up ? "Pity and fear" by Death Cab For Cutie.</i> You know what ? Just-Just get the hell out of here! Yeah, those repairs cost, like, a ton. Paul had to close the other stores just to make up the difference. You know, it's not like the vid biz is a growth industry. We're gonna need access to your safe, any financials you have here. All right, in the office. Um, I-I got... tardiness issues. You think Paul's gunning for me, too ? You might want to stop Tweeting about it. Where is your husband right now, Mrs. Shepard ? I don't know. When was the last time you saw him ? Uh, yesterday morning. Is that normal ? Disappearing for a day and a half ? What's going on ? We're just looking to talk to Paul. If it was just to talk, then the FBI wouldn't be here. Well, that's right, Mrs. Shepard. The fact is, we think your husband may have been involved in a shooting. He own a rifle you know of ? You think he shot someone ? Claire, I understand how difficult this is for you, but Paul's out there right now, and no matter what he did or didn't do, the best thing for everyone is to bring him back safely. He's, uh... He's been under a lot of pressure lately with the video stores. There a place that he goes to when he's feeling stressed or under pressure , other than the cabin ? What cabin ? The cabin your husband owns in Mount Pocono. Which is where we found this. That's Bill Shepard, Paul's father. His father ? Uh... He ever talk about him ? Oh, my God. He ever tell you how his father died ? No. I found out on my own... "It's a bad man's world" by Jenny Lewis.</i> What the hell are you doing ? I'm sorry. I was just looking for stamps. You told me your father walked out on you. This is a suicide note. What's the difference ? Gone is gone. How did it happen ? He shot himself. Nothing I could do. You ? Paul... You were the one who found him ? You should have just asked me for the damn stamps. I'm sorry. That must have been so hard. It's something I will never do to you. You understand me ? I will never leave you... or the family we're making. Well, what if we can't make a family ? We've been trying for two years. Then we keep trying. It's so expensive. Come on. You let me worry about that, okay ? He never liked to talk about his family. That part of him was... closed off. You really have no idea who your husband is, do you ? "I can't do this anymore. I am nothing. Less than nothing. This world is full of people willing to kick you when you're down, like the secretary too blind to realize she works for thieves; like the repo men, devoid of common human decency. Like the judgmental bus driver who offered nothing but pity. And finally, to my son Paul, I'm sorry, but I'm too wea to take you with me. I tried to make something special, but nobody seems to care. Nobody ever will." Suicide note written by Bill Shepard in 1978. We believe his son Paul used this note as a blueprint for revenge. Barry Jensen, Felicity Andrews, Preston Schmall, Fred Norris-- killed between 1980 and '83. Mel Shaver, Walt Granville, Theo Kutler; cut down within the last five months. He's not haphazard. Not in it for the thrill. Shepard has an objective. There was a pattern to his first killings. Figure out the pattern today, maybe we catch him before he kills again. We were able to remotely clone Paul Shepard's cell phone. Anything he hears or says, we pick it up. Got this five minutes ago. Hey, it's Paul. I was hoping you guys were around. I wanted to drop by. Tonight's lasagna night, right ? Anyway, I'll try again later. Number belongs to Charles and Rita Gleason of Morristown, New Jersey. Shepard's aunt and uncle. Raised him after his father died. Turned off his phone after that, but we were able to pick up a GPS signal. Right outside the Gleasons' house. There's no sign of Paul Shepard. Aunt and uncle were at a neighbor's. Came back, their car was missing. He took their car ? So how'd he get here ? Clear. What do you got ? ID on that dead truck driver, Ned Cotner. Reported missing last night. Up near Paul Shepard's cabin. Shepard must have carjacked him. Left the truck and the body at his aunt and uncle's place, took their car. May have a line on the next victim. Now, most of Paul Shepard's original were mentioned in his father's suicide note. Bill Shepard killed himself when he was 45. Paul Shepard turned 45 in October last year. Well, children of suicides dread reaching the age of their parent's death. Paul got revenge on the people he blamed for his father's failure. Well, now he's getting revenge on the people he blames for his own. Felicity Andrews, killed in 1981. She neglected to file loan paperwork. Bill Shepard blamed her for losing his drive-in when he defaulted. Theo Kutler forgot to lock up Paul's video store, resulting in a break-in. The loss crippled his business. Then there's Preston Schmall, repo man, shot in '82. Took his dad's car, disabling his ability to go to work. According to witnesses, Paul's father begged Schmall to give him another week. Even suggesting they shared a brotherhood... both former marines. Been looking through Paul's correspondence. Found a dozen letters from his accountant, Kenneth Hoag. "Paul, you have to face facts. The IRS will not go away. I won't be able to stop them from taking your store." You think this accountant is a matchup for the repo man ? Guy's not just Paul's accountant. They went to college together. Fraternity brothers. Well, let's pick him up before Paul picks him off. Is Paul in some kind of danger ? He may be, Mrs. Gleason. That's why we need your help. Any idea why he came here ? He's my nephew. I practically raised him. He doesn't need a reason. When's the last time you saw him ? Uh, not since Thanksgiving. Did something happen on Thanksgiving ? What does that have to do with a dead body out there ? Just trying to find your nephew. Well, nothing happened at Thanksgiving, and obviously, I-I don't know where Paul is. Clearly, you don't either. Has Paul had any trouble recently ? Paul doesn't get in trouble. Don't you find it strange that he took your car, and he left a truck with a corpse in it ? Well, you're suggesting he had something to do with the dead body. Yup, that's what I'm suggesting. That's ridiculous. You said that you practically raised him. How did he end up living here ? Oh, my sister Martha died when he was very young. And then his father left. We were all he had. Poor boy. You don't know what he was like when he first came here. Paul ? Darling, are you all right ? It's East of Eden, Aunt Rita. James Dean, Raymond Massey. Directed by Elia Kazan. You've seen it before ? Dozens of times. My dad showed it every year. That's nice, dear, but you're not eating. You must be hungry. You don't have to wait to be served. You're family. One of us, okay ? He was so forlorn. A glass half-empty kind of kid for a long time. But he adapted ? He was a good student. Got a job after school, volunteered at the church. And you weren't curious where he'd disappear to all those weekends ? Oh, he went camping a lot. No. No, not camping. No. See, while you were here baking pies, Aunt Rita, he was out there dropping bodies. Yates, Yates... You think Paul killed someone ? Ma'am, we just want to talk to him. So if you could tell us... - He couldn't even hurt a fly. - Felicity Andrews. Preston Schmall, Fred Norris. Barry Jensen, and that's just on your watch. - It's a lie. - No, it's not a lie. You look at Barry. You see that blood ? Now, you tell me who's living the lie, sister. Yates. Mr. Hoag, I'm Lieutenant Stillman. We need to talk about Paul Shepard. Yeah, I'll tell you what I told your detective. I don't discuss my clients. I understand, but this is urgent. I don't care if it's a matter of national security. I won't talk without my lawyer. And don't try to scare me with some federal BS. I eat the IRS for breakfast. Sir, we believe Paul Shepard is a serial killer, and you're his next target. But if you want to take your chances out there, be my guest. Must have been hard, having Paul move in with you. This 14-year-old stranger comes to your house. You got your own son to consider. We made do. Smooth sailing from the word go ? Well, between you and me, the kid was always half queer. Rita's blood, not mine. Queer how ? Well, never into sports. Not a lot of friends. He'd sit and watch movies on the TV, disappear for days. Sounds sketchy. Well, he outgrew it, though. He turned his obsession with movies into a living. And he always looked out for my son Tom. They were tight for a long time. They were tight ? Always said you don't do business with family. I've had some setbacks, Tom. Cash flow. You know how it is. You said that last month, month before. So I want to know when, Paul. I have partners, and they won't wait anymore. So, what ? You're gonna kick me out ? It's me, Tom. I used to baby-sit you, take you to the movies. We're family. I got my own family to consider, Paul. Rosie's pregnant. Again ? It's good news, right ? Yeah. Of course. I'm sorry. Congratulations. I'll,um... I'll find another way out of this. I'm sorry, Paul. Yeah. I know you will. You still own that first store of yours. Got to be worth something. I don't know what hurt him worse: losing the stores or finding out Tom was having another kid. You know where your son is now ? Oh,he was supposed to come by this afternoon, sunday dinner. Uh,he should be here now. Excuse us. Thank you. Tom Gleason ?! Philadelphia Police. We're coming in, Mr. Gleason. Tom Gleason dead. We're going to have to go. Well, is that about Paul ? Did you find him? We'll be in touch. You'll look out for him, right ? I don't want to see him get hurt. Yeah, we'll take care of him, just like he took care of Barry, just like he took care of your son,too. Tom ? What do you mean ? What happened ? Sweet Paul just put a bullet between his eyes. No. What the hell was that about ? You'll be all right. Come on. Let's go inside. Who's Barry ? One of our victims. No, he's more than that. Oh, you're so freaking smart ? You call him Barry; all the others you call by their last names. You keep calling him Barry. - Like you know him. - I don't need to explain myself. Yeah, well, I'm done unless you do. I'm not going down on your sinking ship till you tell me what's going on. Look, I was there. I was 18 years old. His body just fell into my lap. Oh, my God ! One day you're a kid at the movies and... And then you're not. Still keeps me up at night. I mean, why ? - Why Barry ? - Well,why not me ? Why not anybody else there that night ? And now he's killing again. And I am so close. I'm going to find out why he murdered Barry... And I'm gonna pull a bullet in him. Paul Shepard is out there. Okay. With a high-powered rifle, waiting for us to release you. Hoag's either too stupid to talk or he's hiding something. Now,you won't cooperate, we can't keep you. He's a dead man walking, don't even know it. If I'm so important, you won't let me out of your sight. Why protect him ? Huh, some fraternal code, secret handshake crap ? I'm just going to wait for my attorney if it's all the same with you. Well, it's your funeral, pal. Come on. Let's go. Sit down, Kenneth. Ryan Cavanaugh, FBI. I understand you're reluctant to cooperate. Protecting your client. I respect that,but I'm not here to talk about Paul Shepard. I'm here to talk about you. I know everything about you,Kenneth. Took me no more than an hour to download your entire life. You don't scare me. Those Web sites you frequent ? You're one sick pup, Kenny. And then there's the hooker in Atlantic City five years ago. Used your company credit card. Not to mention the inside trading in the '90s. That's illegal. Maybe, but when your wife and your clients find out, who's really going to care ? Tell us about Paul Shepard and we'll keep this to ourselves. Absolutely. We went to school together, like, a hundred years ago, okay ? I've been trying to dig him out of a hole. He'd been hemorrhaging cash; he didn't file his tax returns. Problems with the IRS ? I told him declare bankruptcy, but he said he was starting a family and he didn't want to lose his house. So you tried to help him out. I felt bad for the guy. Hooked him up with an associate of mine, someone interested in buying the store... the guy named Mel Shaver You know... You know,when I was a kid, movies were everything, more than entertainment. They were like an escape. I wanted to share that vision, and that's The Long View. For 15 years we've been the premier video store in Philadelphia. I'd like to think that we're more than just a business. We're a beacon for the community, a refuge. I can see it's working great. Yeah, it's been a rough year. But we've seen tough times before. We've always bounced back. People love movies. There's nothing you offer I can't get better and cheaper on the Web. Bottom line : I want the space, and I'll take the inventory and sell it off. You know, you're wrong about my business. People want face-to-face interaction. They appreciate what we do. Paul,you seem like a nice guy, but let's be honest : nobody cares about that crap. Not anymore. "Start a war" by The National. Now, he said "Nobody cares" ? Yeah, I thought it was kind of harsh. You don't hit a guy when he's down. That's the same words Bill Shepard's suicide note ended with. Why he shot Mel Shaver. Echoing Paul's father. Paul ever talk to Shaver again ? - Why don't you ask Shaver ? -  Well, he's a little dead right now. Yeah. Paul needed to sell. He didn't have a choice. Bled the business dry. He was writing checks 20 grand at a time. Company called Lifespring. You know what that was ? Fertility clinic. He couldn't afford the treatments so he used company money. Look, Paul was ducking me when it got bad, okay ? I had to track him down at this coffee place. He would sit there all day at this computer. Coffee joint got a name? Alfonso's. It's just up the block from his video store. He... Manager says Paul was a fixture at Alfonso's. He was there this morning. A public computer, a perfect place to profile his victims. Let's see what we got. Looks like he cleared the browser. Cleared maybe, erased no. Credit report, background check, and a Facebook page for... Juanita Renaldo. - His next victim ? - According to Facebook, she works at Lifespring Fertility. - You got a number for her ? - Yeah. Juanita Renaldo ? My name's Detective Rush, Philadelphia Police. I need to know where she is now. Map and train schedule. Today ? All right,thank you. Juanita Renaldo has been out of town-- yoga retreat, comes back today. On a train into 30th Street Station. There she is. We've got her. Bring the van around. Juanita Renaldo, you need to come with us now. What's going on ? - We don't have time to explain. - We got to move. I don't understand. Oh! You understand now ? He's heading to the subway. Got him. Cavanaugh. You move a muscle and I'll blow your frigging head off. I don't get it. Who'd want to kill me ? You recognize the name Claire Shepard ? She's been a patient at the clinic for a couple years. Her husband Paul. Oh, God, this guy ? Did something happen between you ? I was just trying to help him. I'm sorry. This is declined,too. Well, it must be some sort of mistake. I'm sure it is. Well, could you maybe try splitting it across a couple of these ? I-I can't do that,sir. Please,y-you have to help me. My wife and I have been coming here for months. We've tried and tried. Don't turn us away. Dr. Shandir sponsors these experimental trials. It's an option if you can't afford the cycle. I can afford it. I've been affording it. It just hasn't worked ! Please don't raise your voice to me. I'm just trying to help. Is there a problem, Paul ? No, no, no, sweetheart. There's no problem. Right ? Sir, just take the card and go h he. Come on, sweetie. A lot of people come through that clinic. It was sad. Guy really wanted a child. What about the experimental trial ? Supposed to start last month. He calls up and cancels just before. I told him he couldn't get back in the program if he changed his mind. Did he threaten you ? No. Just said it didn't matter. Nobody cared anyway. So Juanita was supposed to be target #4, just like Fred Norris, who pitied his father. But he failed. Juanita's in protective custody. So what's his next move ? Take himself out, just like Dad. What's Bill say to his son in that note ? "To my son Paul, I'm sorry I'm too weak to take you with me." I keep thinking about what Claire said, that Paul would never leave her behind. All he ever wanted was a family. He was willing to give up his business if it meant having a child. But he cancels his appointments at the fertility clinic. "Nobody cares." Yeah, he's done. He's gonna take himself out and take Claire with him. No answer at Claire's house. Agent's not responding either. Paul is already there. Officer down. Shots fired. I think you can understand me, though.</i> I think, behind your eyes, you're...</i> you're just as alert as ever... They're going to say things that aren't fair. Blow them out of proportion. But you know me. You've always known me. So, why do you want to work here ? The hours are long. We don't pay very well. The boss is a stickler. I like movies. Who doesn't ? I get lost in movies. It's like... dreaming while you're awake. I don't know. I just wanted to be closer to it. I get that. East of Eden. Oh, yeah. - You like it ? - Yeah. Not bad for a melodrama. Well, it's a little more than a melodrama. That's debatable. Not really. I mean, it's Steinbeck. Okay, smart man. Convince me. "Crash into me" par Dave Matthews Band.</i> What you said about the movies, about living in a dream, that's how you've made me feel all these years. Paul, - please... - Shh. Excuse me, Mr. Trask... This part's great. for daring to speak to you this way, but...</i> It's awful not to be loved. "It's the worst thing in the world. "It makes you mean and violent and cruel." And that's the way Cal has always felt...</i> We're in the middle of something here. Put the gun down. You know that's not going to happen. How you doing, Claire ? You hanging in there ? Yeah. You hear that, Paul ? You're terrifying your wife. Why don't you be a good husband and let her go ? It'll be over soon. Is that the master plan ? Eat a bullet, just like your father ? My father built something, and it was ripped from his hands. I just tried to correct the mistakes of the past. - Murdering all those people... - Tying up his loose ends, balancing the books. But it didn't matter. Your father's not a touchstone, Paul. He was bad in business, and he blamed everyone else. He could have tried again. He could have made an effort-- for his son. You think I don't know that ? The man shot himself 30 yards from me. You see his note ? It said : "Nobody cares." But I cared. Why couldn't he see that ? Like... like I didn't even matter. I mean, every step of the way, I just tried to build something that would last. He had the drive-in, so you got the video stores to prove him wrong. But it ends the same. Easy, now, Paul... 45 years old, and I'm every inch the failure he was. You're wrong. You've got something he never had. You've got a real family. You've got a beautiful wife sitting there right next to you. You've got a child. Juanita from the fertility clinic... that's what she told us. Claire here is pregnant. How ? Experimental treatments. You canceled the appointment... Claire went anyway. Claire ? I... I just really wanted to make you happy. You should have told me. I was waiting until I knew it was for sure. "Man has a choice, and it's... the choice is what makes him a man." That's right. All right. Sending Claire up ! He's secure. I don't care. What are you doing ? I want to know why. Why did Barry Jensen have to die ? Why do you care ? I'm the one who was with him. Oh, yeah. I remember you. Your phone number, right ? Well,if you didn't care about that guy before I shot him, - why do you care now ? - We were kids. He didn't deserve it. Now, I want an answer : why ? Take it from me. Answers... they're overrated. - I want an answer ! - Diane, don't do this. - He's not worth it. - Don't you get high and mighty with me. Roles reversed,you'd do the same. What do you prove by shooting him? He's got nothing to lose. Except my child, right ? Nothing to lose except my unborn child. Claire isn't pregnant. It's a lie. - Go ahead. Shoot me. - You pull that trigger, - and you're doing him a favor. That's all you'll accomplish. / - Shoot. I've waited 30 years to find out why that kid died in my lap. Now,you're going to tell me, and in exchange for that, I'm going to give you what you want: end your miserable life. Is that a deal ? - Diane, we are not... - This is happening,Detective, whether you like it or not. I had to prove him wrong. Barry? My father. Said he was nothing when he died. Less than nothing. But to me, he was everything. Barry didn't know your father. He wasn't paying attention to the movie. Just wanted to get inside your pants. Would have been fine any other day. But they were playing "East of Eden" that night. And your boyfriend... just didn't get it. Man,I'm telling you,she's good to go. I got the peach schnapps,couple ludes. Tonight's the night. Excuse me. Just need a small popcorn. Easy, little man. Anyway, she's waiting for me. - Come on. Movie's about to start. - Dude, so what ? It's "East of Eden". It's a classic. Yeah, if you say so. They've played it every year since this theater opened. Kid, look around you. No one's here to see the movie. You need to see a movie,go to the cineplex. Nobody here cares. Nobody cares. "Keepsake" par State Radio. * One gonna heal my body * * Nothing gonna heal my pain * * One gonna settle me down * * And bring me back up again * * One gonna put my family * * Back together again * * One gonna hold my woman * * Another gonna hold my job * * One gonna help me get up * * And one gonna help me stop * * One gonna help me talk right * * One gonna lay me down to sleep * * One gonna hold my guts * * And another gonna hold my bones * * One gonna keep me warm * * And another gonna keep me cold * * One gonna bring religion * * Right from a Coleman stove * * One gonna help me keep her * * And another gonna help me take * * One gonna run me down * * Hell, a bullet's in my way * * You're gonna keep my soul * * It was yours to have long ago * * One gonna buckle my belt * * Around the ceiling pipe * * One gonna buckle up my knees * * And one gonna lock them up tight * * One gonna hold the pen while you * * Drag my arm across the page * * One gonna hold my memory * * Another gonna close the door * * One gonna leave me restless... *