Andy,you're in trouble. the heart broke everyone came to stay warm we're trying to stay alive this is child abuse we're just sad deaf children that is very funny. how'bout a dance? Andy,please,you guys all have to go to bed now,seriously. one more song... then lights out. feels like we landed in a foreign country. One of philly's few high schools for the deaf. Founded in 1872. Shoved them out in the boondocks. All that gesturing,seems like they're fighting all the time. You think they're talking about us? Yeah,he's pointing at the donut on your chin. This place gives me the creeps. morning,boss. Lil,nick. What's up? December 18,'06. Deaf student andy rierdan went missing from home. School was closed for christmas break? Yeah. Initial theory was a runaway. So what are we doing here? Teacher was cleaning things out,found blood traces on the piano keys. Lab just confirmed the id. Matches andy'S. You saying andy was killed here? Could have had a nosebleed playing piano. Deaf kid playing the piano,nick? Spot of blood ain't conclusive,boss. James. Conclusive enough for you? That ain't a nosebleed. Looks like our runaway didn't stray far from home. Killed in a place where no one can hear you scream. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync: Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Cold Case Season 05 Episode 14 Andy in C Minor</font> I still can't believe this. I mean,you haven't found... we're searching the campus for andy's body. Many students stay on campus over the christmas break? Andy wasn't even staying here. It doesn't make sense. But there were other students around? You don't think another student... We'll need the names of everyone who was on campus that week. Of course. Are the parents here? Yeah,they're waiting in my office. I understand they're both,uh... deaf. It's okay to use that word. I'm happy to interpret for you if you need me. Oh,yeah,we'll need you. Now,how's it work? Most of these kids' parents deaf,too? No,andy's are the exception. They're both deaf and both deeply caring. And the other parents? Most of the hearing parents of the students at our school don't even bother to learn american sign language. The school's a dump site for them. You been working here long? 12 years. That's a long time. Every time I want to quit,I think about the parents who already have. They're talking about you again. What's that pointing sign? I keep seeing it around here. It means "murder." They're saying that you two are homicide detectives. The finger stands for a knife. I have no idea who would want to hurt our son. We never thought andy ran away. The cops didn't believe us. They thought that we were deaf and dumb. Sorry to hear that. We'll do our best to find out what happened. Andy ever get into any trouble? No,he was a popular kid who everyone liked. Andy was a proud... he wants you to know andy was a proud member of the deaf community. He was as good as any hearing child. How long was andy enrolled here? He lost his hearing when he was seven after he became sick with... spinal meningitis. But he never complained. He took to our world wonderfully. "Our world"? Over the years,the deaf community has developed their own separate culture. You'd think they wouldn't want to be separate. Well,if you have your own language,you feel comfortable with your own. Well,that's just moving hands. Asl is a beautiful emotive language. You should try learning it. About andy,you know how parents are. Was he really such a saint? A saint? No. He was mischievous. He was kind of wild,but he... he was a great kid at heart. He was a straight "a" student. They can read your lips,by the way. Sorry, I had to ask. Any idea what andy was doing back on campus? Who had access to that room? Well,that room hadn't been used in years. Someone must have had a key. I did. And a month before andy disappeared,I gave the key to someone. - did you finish your college essay yet? - almost when i get to galudett me and andy are gonna be roommates we'll throw great parties best buds forever No,I'm at that school. - I started today,remember? - You two best buds... Need to study more and party less. Yeah,kind of dickens-orphan depressing. Dickens was a writer,daddy. Gotta go. Morning,emma. emma will be volunteering here for a month. Have you been playing long? I wouldn't call it playing. I just know some basics from when I took lessons. Well,the kids will love it. This is andy and carlos. Hi. It's nice to meet you. This is such a nice place. how'd you learn asl? I took a class for two years for extra credit. you should take it again deaf kids love playing piano I thought some could,you know,feel the vibration. sure we can sounds beautiful andy. What is wrong?! She wants to help! really? were you forced to, or is helping-the-disabled extra credit Andy! You don't know me. i've seen your type you're an ivy league-bound kiss-ass And you're the big shot at a school where most of the kids graduate with a fifth-grade education. Emma! You're not disabled. You're pathetic. Sorry. Maybe this isn't gonna work out. this emma the only one with a key to the room? Yes,I gave her the key,yeah. Some fireworks,but it seems like emma quit long before andy died. No,she couldn't quit. And why's that? Well,she wasn't here out of the kindness of her heart. It was a court-ordered community service. What did she do? Uh,dui. Emma was a very complicated girl. But she stayed,and she actually became a great teacher. The kids liked her. But not andy. No. Did you know emma? No,we never met. Andy,he only really liked his own people. You and andy didn't get along. The security logs over the christmas break show you were at the school the day andy disappeared. You there to see him? I went to grab my laptop,okay? I didn't see andy. Things get worse between you two? Better. Actually,much as it hurt,he had me down cold. Meaning you didn't give a rat's ass about those kids. All I cared about was clearing my record and getting accepted at an ivy league school. And you succeeded? On both counts. I'm sure you checked. So he was right about you. And I was wrong about him. I thought he was just a party boy. Something change between you two? Yeah. Two days after we met,he came to me. not done criticizing me? sorry i said stupid stuff to make carlos laugh It's okay. You were kind of funny,too. And I was mean. You know why I'm really here,right? i heard you drove home drunk from a party? if you say something weird i'll pretend i didn't hear I had a huge fight with my dad. I was all sad and weirded out. I thought that drinking a half bottle of vodka would help. what was the fight about? I only got a b-plus on an english paper. this from the guy who doesn't know dickens? my dad's a third - generation steelworker. He wants his daughter to do better. A lot better. the quiet is so peaceful. i can find this peace anytime i live in a beautiful world hearing people don't understand help me understand. you hear with your eyes? you want to know what my voice sounds like? I don't know. It sounds like... me. what the hell are you doing?! looking at the sky that hearing slut's not one of us why are you with her? wait,you got it all wrong-- see! i'm his girlfriend not you i meant you got it wrong about us you're mine don't you forget it this leah was andy's girlfriend? That's what she thought,anyway. She ever threaten andy again? No. But she'd always be...around. It was kind of weird. Fatal attraction weird? Andy told me sometimes he'd see her standing out in the quad, just staring up at his room for hours. What about you and andy? You two hook up? For like two seconds,but I broke it off. Why? We were too... different. Everything okay,lil? Sure. Why not? Good. Dean harden finally faxed over the list of kids on campus during christmas break. Leah o'rafferty on it? Yup. And take a look at her school records. Suspended last year for stalkinger ex-boyfriend. Threw a rock through his dorm window? While he was asleep. Almost took out an eye. A dangerous girl to break up with. Yeah. Thanks. Still no luck finding andy's body near the campus. - We got the dogs out? - The works. - Got something for you. - Yeah? Yeah. You're real popular this morning-- it's a jarrod jones? Everything all right? Couldn't be better. You don't want to know. Figure that might help us understand who we're talking to a little better. Yeah. Learning any? Yeah. Um... what does that mean? "You're buying lunch." Really? Well,how do you sign,"you still owe me 50 bucks from poker"? Uh... it's,uh... I always thought that meant something else. Leah,I heard you were jealous when andy started spending time with emma. I can hear you. I have a cochlear. A cochlear? A cochlear implant. Show her,leah. It's an outpatient surgery that helps restore hearing. It's a cure? Not exactly. Works different for every candidate. I can hear a twig snap now. Leah,were you upset when he broke it off with you? I wath... I wath... I was mad at first,but... I could never stay mad at andy. Well,that's not what I heard. Don't lie to me,leah. I'm not lying. I wasn't mad. I loved him. But he tossed you aside. He used you. And you followed him... couldn't let it go. I wasn't the only one mad at andy. you gonna ask emma out? she's just a friend she wants to turn you into a hearing person-- into one of them no,she won't she'll want you to get a cochlear don't push me,bitch you'll be a nobody in the hearing world go to hell hey,kid! Get outta the way! **** ****Get outta the way! He was so interested in the hearing world I couldn't compete,so.I gave up. It hurt... was carlos still mad at andy before he died? I think so. They weren't hanging out much. Do you think carlos might have hurt him? He does have a bad temper. And he's acted so strange. He won't go near andy's old room. Hi. Carlos. I'm detective vera. This is detective j-e-f-f-r-i-e-s. We want to talk with you. "Your signing sucks. I read lips good." So you understand me? You have two assault charges on your juvie record,carlos. And we know you and andy got into a fight. You were on campus the night he died. i never saw him Yeah,right. Did leah say I got into a fight? It doesn't matter who said it,carlos. "Leah's a freak with an implant." Admit it,carlos, you can't stand the fact that your best friend wanted the hearing chick. "Wrong about emma." i was walking by a classroom, i saw andy why didn't you tell me you could play? i used to play as a kid That was amazing. i performed a little before i was deaf Where? Small concert halls? So you were a prodigy? Do you still... why? Well... beethoven composed when he was deaf. he was a kiss-ass who only wrote for the rich What are you playing? chopin his chords are very "visual" What do you mean by "visual"? it's what i hear in my head when i see snow... rain... this is stupid. No,it's beautiful. What chord do you hear when you see me,andy? i told you, i don't play. no point Isn't there a way for you to hear again? Have you thought about getting a cochlear,andy? you keep calling me "candy" spell it like this What the hell is going on? Dad. Get... get away from her! You're hurting me,daddy! Stay away from my daughter! You people need to stay with your own! And I ever see you near my daughter again, I'll break every finger you got. Let's get out of here. Her dad sounds like a real nice guy. What was he doing there? "Emma lost license. He drove her to school." Did emma keep seeing andy? Thank you for your time,car... los. "Your signing still sucks." Whatever. It's beautiful how you're bonding with the students. Deaf or not,that kid's still a punk. Same thing emma's dad thought about andy. Yeah. The question is,was he willing to kill over it? didn't like your daughter dating a freak,did you,al? But andy wasn't the kind of guy who would back off. You saw it yourself. So I killed a teenage boy to keep him away? Come on. You did threaten him. Look,I'm sorry this little crippled boy got killed, but he had no business with my kid. Because he was deaf. Hell,yeah. Emma has a bright future. If she stayed with that boy,she'd have been a nurse for life. But she saw him again,al. Question is,did you? I was inspecting a site halfway across the state that weekend. - Got records to back that up? - Sure do. Good. Anyway,I went to the dean to tell her to keep that boy away from my daughter. I'll bet you did. Yeah,but she took his side. Told me emma wasn't welcome in the school. Are you saying vivian fired emma? Bawled her out,more like. Said emma had no right being with andy. Ask me,that dean,she had a thing for him. When was this? Two days before the christmas break. So emma didn't just leave-- you fired her. Well,that that type of behavior was completely inappropriate. Andy was a good-looking,charming young man. Any of the teachers have a crush on him? Anything... inappropriate? Of course not. He was a 17-year-old boy. What about you? That's absurd. I don't like being lied to,vivian. I'm not. The warrant on your computer turned up an interesting e-mail. "Andy,we have to meet. I think your parents know. V." Andy must have deleted his back in the day. You saved yours. Now,what were you saying about not having a crush on andy? I swear... you and andy had a little tryst. Something go wrong? This wasn't about me and andy. No? It was about emma and andy. He was making a big mistake. He was trying to be a part of her world. Now,I went to his parents to discuss it... we all just want to understand what's going on. i met a girl i like i want to know her better it will never last why? it never works when our worlds combine i've seen it what if we were from the same stupid world? what are you saying? i want to get a cochlear i want to hear emma's voice and...hers if i hear i'll have a better future i supervise ten hearing people in my job but you can't move up you're limited **** you'll be neither deaf nor hearing you'll be nowhere they'll call you a freak the doctor says i'm a perfect candidate the doctor? you've been going behind our backs? doing this says my parents aren't normal do you want to betray your mother? what about the girl? i'll end it Andy realized that trying to fit into her world would be a mistake. He knew he belonged with his own. From your boy jones again. This whole "you're out sick" thing is getting kind of old. Say I died,then. You know,it's none of my business, but maybe you should let this guy meet his own daughter. You're right. It's none of your business. I've been spending a lot of time with toni's son. Kid's taking to me. Good for you. It's never going to be the same as having his real father,though. Not even close. So you're a parent for five minutes,now you're schooling me how to do it? That's not what I'm doing. You don't get it. I start telling her about him, I got to tell her about me, who I was back then. So who were you back then? Someone I'm not now. Someone who would spend one... reckless night with a jarrod jones. She finds out who I really was... it'll breaker h heart. No way that's going to happen. You were willing to defy your dad,but andy obeyed his. Come on,emma,you really just let it go? I left school,put the piano back in storage,and didn't hear from him. Then you were home sick with mono for a month. I was heartbroken because andy was gone. Or... you were feeling bad 'cause you killed the guy who broke your heart. I would never hurt him. Andy dumped you for the deaf world. You admitted you... you drink when you get sad. Lot of booze. You went back after having a few and things got out of control,right? did you? but it wasn't what you think. Why don't you enlighten me,then? I didn't want to tell you before because,even now, if his parents knew the truth,it would break their hearts. hey,you didn't text me back. busy with finals Yeah. Last day of school. How'd your tests go? there's no point in us staying friends That's stupid and you know it. never said i was smart You're not going to get the implant? i'm deaf i don't need to change You used to hear. doesn't matter i was doing it to make you happy It's not about anyone but you,and you know it. i gotta go You're scared. - You're scared to hear yourself play,aren't you? - that's stupid-- 'Cause what if you're not good anymore? leave me alone. please Don't you want to hear the snow again? Andy? Don't you? Don't you want to hear me? You gave him the storage room key. Thinking he got the implant? I don't know if he ever found the courage to. If he did,sure would have pissed off dad. we just found the body. Anything off the body? Yeah,literally. Csu found this near the skull. Cochlear implant? You got it. Looks like our boy andy found his courage. Decided not to let his parents keep him down any longer. Andy turns his back on his own people. It's the ultimate act of betrayal. trace the serial number Of the cochlear to a clinic in min manhattan. There's dad's signatures on the release form. Well,it's got to be a forgery. Had the outpatient surgery for the implant december 18. Day he went missing. Goes back to school to hide from his parents. Unless they found out. Maybe dad was waiting for him. You must have been upset when you found andy got an implant. He betrayed you. Did you track him down at school? We think this is a forgery. "It has to be." When did you find out,ed? he never did Come on,ed. I know this is hard. I signed it. it was time to let andy live where are you going? you can't stop me i know where'd you find that? up in the attic i remember you playing that chopin piece if a cochlear bring back that expression on your face good what expression? joy i was afraid if you became a hearing person you'd think of us differently you'd be ashamed never no matter what you do i want you to know... don't get all mushy on me dad always the wise-ass So you let him go. i had to let my child go even if it meant losing him So you knew he had an implant all along. You thought he'd wait till after christmas break to get it? Thanks for your time. Are you talking about carlos,andy's best friend? What about carlos? "Carlos talked him into it"? Are you saying carlos wanted andy to get the implant? That doesn't make sense. carlos went with him So leah was a freak for getting an implant? The same for andy,right? I told him he shouldn't do it. Really? That's not what i heard. You went with him. Yeah,I did some digging,carlos. You got tested,too,didn't you? Wait,there must be a mistake. Carlos is a well-adjusted deaf young man. When will you people learn? People like carlos don't need to do anything to fit in... shut up you want to say something,carlos? "She doesn't know what it's like to live in a world where you're a freak." Carlos,no one thinks that. So you wanted an implant,too. But you weren't a good candidate, because you were...born deaf. It must have hurt to know andy was gonna leave you behind for the hearing world. Did you see him at the school? - What's he saying? - Please don't do this to him. Please. No,come on,carlos. Andy was all you had. You were afraid of-of being alone-- no more best buds. Hey. look at me. Look at me. I know you can read my lips,carlos. you found him,didn't you? You saw him playing piano. Right? Saw him hearing. How'd that make you feel? Where'd that leave you,carlos? emma. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync: Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â