Whoo-wee, What a doozy, folks! It's only an exhibition game but it has all the drama of the 7th game of the World Series! The bottom of the 9th and the negro league of All Stars are dead even with the major leaguers at 3 apiece. At bat, for the negro leaguers, Clyde Taylor. Already, 2 doubles and a single, this kid has been sensational! Show him how it's done, rookie. Time. Look here, what'd I tell you, Jackie? Man, shakin' in his shoes. No, you watch. The young fella's gonna be just fine. He's got a ton of guts. How's this one grab ya? Just right. Thanks Crumbs. Make us famous, would ya? Money, marbles or chalk, gentlemen. I'm taking all bets. My rookie hits this ball clear over the grandstand. You can do it, honey pie. Just one more pitch! This is it! I'll send you back to the cotton fields, you hear me boy? The count is 3 and 2, here's the wind up, and the pitch! Yes! All right, Leonard, you just wait for yours now. Keep your eye on that ball. You can do it, wait for your pitch. All right, come on Leonard, good eye, you can do it. Watch that ball. - How old is he now? - 11. He didn't get that good Jeffries size, did he? His mom's an itty bitty thing. Tell you what, the kid's got a motor on him. He's fast, huh? Problem is, he can't hit the ball to save his life and never gets on base. Hey Uncle Will, Mr. Stillman. Hey Leonard, looking good out there, son. - If I could only hit the dang ball. - Oh, the hits will come. - You've got the mechanics. - I do? What've I been telling you? Still, I'm no Clyde Taylor. Let's get you home. Who's Clyde Taylor? - You've never heard of him? - No. He was the best of the best. Maybe even better than Babe Ruth. Right? That's what my pops used to tell me. Took the old negro leagues by storm. But not for very long. Because somebody killed him, right? - That's true. - Who? - No one ever knew. - Not even the police? Sometimes there's no good evidence, the police have to put the case away. And we're left with just mystery. But what if it was the Babe who got murdered? I mean, instead of Clyde? Would the olden day cops let that be a mystery? Clyde Taylor, 20, beaten to death next to his car outside Connie Mack Stadium. Well, no return to the scene of the crime, the stadium was torn down in the 70's. Body was found after an exhibition game between the negro league All Stars and a group of major leaguers. They found him still in his uniform. Assigned has down there was a smear in front of his jersey. / Yeah? A tobacco stain, the backside was caked in blood. Well the story went, Clyde was attacked from behind. Struck down with his very own bat. Which adds up, his gear bag and mitt were found next to him, the bat was missing. 40's. Different era, ball players lugging around their own gear. Might explain why Clyde had his uniform on. Colored players probably weren't allowed to shower. Suspects? They were looking at Tyler Cage, the losing pitcher. The one Clyde hit a home run off to win the game. The players heard him jawing at Clyde using racial slurs. But ultimately he had an alibi, post-game press conference hadn't even started, Cage was seen across town drinking away his post-game blues. - Located the last to see. - Yeah? Mr. Joe Crumbly. Goes by Crumbs. Mr. Crumbly, you were the club-house manager for Clyde's team, the Philly Steel-Drivers? Check. Also on board for the All Star game, the day Clyde was killed. You two were the last ones out of the locker room. Check. Clyde wanted to avoid the spotlight so he waited for the mob to die down. Hammers a homer and then liked to lay low? Yeah, that's how he was. So I pick up the slack, be the braggadocios one. See, I believe Clyde, had he lived, would have been the first to cross the color line, not Jackie Robinson. So going back, you remember if Clyde was carrying a bat with him that night? Made sure he had it in his bag. It was the bat he hit the home run with. A home run off of Tyler Cage, the opposing pitcher? / Yes, ma'am. What was your opinion of him? The man was lower than oil dirt. Ask me who killed Clyde, my money's on him. Because of the popping off he did during the game? Racewise? What was said during the game was never an issue. But off the field, well. That was a different story. Hey, Mr. Taylor. Could I have your autograph? - What's your name young fella? - Troy. OK, Troy. Best of luck to you, son. Gee, thanks. Now when I go to the toilet, I'll have something to use. Hey you little bastards, get back here! - I recogize you, the bat boy. - So? You're the pitcher's son. Let me have him. Keep your cotton pickin' hands off me ya big ape. What are you gonna do? Hit a kid? I'd like my name back. I'm tellin' my dad, you're gonna be sorry you didn't keep your paws to yourself, boy. Rotten to the core, just like his pa. Never told the police this story? Never figured it meant much. Just another jerk kid being a jerk. How is it you became involved with what was an all black organization? I knew Clyde since the war. Saw him play ball with the other servicemen. Then we're home, I heard the local negro team was holdin' tryouts so I rung him up. Next, Clyde makes the team, and tells me I'm comin' along with him. Troy. We know about that stunt you pulled on Clyde after the game. - Asking for his autograph? - So? So we also know you ran and told your daddy he put his hands on you. That don't mean dad went back and did something about it. He's dead 10 years, let him rest in peace. Well that game ended his career. - That gives him motive. - He had an alibi. So maybe people lied for him. Look, you know the history. A white pitcher who loses to a black team in 1945 may have just pitched himself out of baseball. Your dad must've hated Clyde. Not as much as Moody did. Who's Moody? Moody Brown. The player Clyde replaced on the line-up that day. Well how did you know about that? When you're 7 years old, being the bat boy is like being a cat's ass. Down on the field, up close and personal, hear what the players are really talking about. Are you saying you saw something go down between Moody and Clyde? Had the best seat in the house. Best not be thinkin' about nothin' but handin' over that ball. Real nice. Mister, what's that scar on your face? Ask around. See what you hear. Hey, you! Stop right there. Just heard I ain't playin' because of you. I'm in the line-up? I didn't know. Don't worry, rookie. We're fine. We all in this together, right? - Because we only got one day. - One day? Tommorrow, those major leaguers go back to being the boys of summer. We go back to being the boys who shine their shoes. I wouldn't look at it that way. Look here, what d'ya say you pull up a lame for old Moody one time? Huh? You asking me to fake an injury? Not too late in the game. Just give me one at bat. - One moment. - Moody I want you to play, I do. But I couldn't live with myself. All right, then. Let me go. You're breaking my hand. Right, I'm breaking your hand. You don't see to it I get the bat, I'm going to break your head, understand? Hey, what's going on? We're just funnin', Jackie, like a pair of old giggling pickaninnies over here. So, Moody made a threat. We both know players talk smack when it comes to playing time. But when Clyde hit that home run, all the negros run out on the field like they just won the World Series, all except Moody. What was the deal with the scar? You follow up on that? Negro player told me he got it in a pop bottle fight with his cousin. And? And his cousin wasn't around no more. Exsuce me, sir. You Moody Brown? Sittin' here in front of this shop, ain't I? Who else am I gonna be? Detectives Jeffries and Valens, Moody. We wanna talk to you about Clyde Taylor. Why you wanna come here drudging up that old mess? - We may have a crack in the case. - From 60 years ago? What crack you got? One matter concerns you. It has to do with Clyde cutting into your playing time. Oh, that's a stale story. And one you need to tell us about. I played the negro leagues, I made my 100 dollars a month. Beyond that, sorry. My memory's broke. A witness heard you tell Clyde you'd bust his head if you didn't play. And you didn't play. I'll admit I was ready to square off with Clyde. I'm the squaring off type. And a game against the major leaguers didn't come around every day. Colored player got to feel what it was like to be equal, if only for 3 hours on a Sunday afternoon. But you didn't get that. Sir, I wanted a career. A real one. Negro tell you that wasn't on his mind, he's a liar. Major league scouts are out there, I can tell they're just lickin' their chops. Yeah, they're waitin' to spy me throw my double wind-up. What d'ya think'll look best on ol' Satchel there, young rookie? Yankie pinstripes or Dodger blue? Either/or should look real sharp, as long as it comes with a rocking chair. Booker T. Washington be tellin' a joke now. Oh, what about the color line, do you really think someone's gonna break through? - Satchel, any opinions on the subject? - Oh, let me see, who's the best pitcher Joe DiMaggio said he'd ever faced? / You. And I give a good interview, too. Come on, Moody, calm down. He's just sore because you're the future. Truth be told, Clyde'll beat us all to the majors. There a problem gentlemen? No, sir, Mr. D. Fine. May I have a minute, Clyde? Boys are heapin' some high praise on you. All this talk about the majors. I think it's best to pay them no mind. That's good. Because I own your black ass. Don't you forget it. So Dandridge saw the writing on the wall, end of the negro leagues and his millions going down the drain. But if he could hold on to Clyde, maybe his team somehow survives. What did Dandridge mean saying he owned Clyde? I don't know. But back in them days, a millionare black man didn't become one playin' by the rules. So the negro leagues made you a rich man. Millionare by age 24. Sure picked the right job. I wasn't the only one.1945, it was one the largest black dominated businesses in the United States. And in '47 Branch Rickey signed Jackie Robinson so your league was on the way out and you were headed for a bankruptcy. Chubby young white fella who paid attention during black history month. Clyde was your new marquee player. It'd be bad business not to tie him up. - I won't deny that. - Question is, how? Players signed month to month contracts in those days. No way you were just gonna let him walk when the majors came callin' / True So what did you have over Clyde? What's this you owned him stuff? You ownin' my ass, is that a joke? Clyde, you got a gift that's gonna make somebody a lot of money. And since you're mine, it's gonna be me. Major league's opened the game up to coloreds. Why would you think you could stop me? Because you're in love. And I know with who. Thought you were being careful, huh? / Why? Why would you wanna do this to me? This whole season's on the field. You're so naive off. Simply put, business. So maybe I'm not scared of what you know. Fine. As long as you're not scared of  a noose around your neck. Because you just know I love to talk. Suit up. We'll put this behind us. I'm gonna break your neck. I'm the one who oughtta be sore. That Lilly white skin. bet it's even lighter where the sun don't shine. What that must be like. Lilly white skin? Clyde's lady friend was as fair as you. So maybe after the game Clyde came looking to break your neck and you broke his head first? If that was so, I would've killed him on the choo-choo. An hour after the game I was on a train to New York. - Can you prove that? - I'll let you do that. So who was the white girl? Some dame on the arm of this wise guy, Eddie Mason. Heard Eddie call her Legs. So maybe Eddie knew about Legs and Clyde, got a hold of that bat. And hit a home run of his own. Leonard? What are you doing here? I got locked out. Your mother told me she was going on morning shift. She did. I think maybe that she's at Ronnie's house. - Who's Ronnie? - Dude that's been staying over. Thought your sister was seeing some guy named Benjamin? Well, that's the problem. You never know. Woman's 45, acts all 15. I ran a check on Eddie Mason, long sheet. Bad guy. - Still alive? - Nope. Dead doer. That never does it for me. Well you should think about that next time you go reaching for a 60 year old case. Eddie was charged with bank embezzlement a week after Clyde was killed. So he was out and about on the night of the murder? Figure out who his lady was? Seems that Eddie had a thing for show girls. Then he's not such a bad guy after all. Eddie prefered more legitimate dance. He was a regular at Papa Belle's review. Home to old-school Philly's version of the Rockettes. So maybe Legs was one of them? Lil's got Joe Crumbly looking through old publicity shots from Papa Belle's. - Hey, Leonard. - What? Wanna show you something. See that guy back there? Yeah. He's old looking. - He knew Clyde Taylor. - He did? - They were best friends. - Wow. Me and Clyde were tight. But I guess if he was drawn to a white girl, he'd keep mum about it. But you do remember a white girl hanging around? At practice, a time or two. But none of these gals ring a bell. My box of doodads are good for nothing, huh? Ah, this is something. One of my most prized possessions. Not too hard to tell which one's me. Nice. / Nice? Miss doesn't know who I'm standing along side. That's you, Clyde, Jackie Robinson, Josh Gibson and Satchel Paige. Puny me and four giants of baseball. So, what's the deal with ball players and tobacco? Every one of you guys except Clyde has a big wad of gunk in your mouth. Clyde likes Bazooka Joe, but most players did enjoy dipping. Clyde had a tobacco stain on his uniform. Kinda odd if he didn't chew. Let's dig out that uniform, run the stain and then do a DNA dragnet on all of our old-timers. Boss, found three ladies still in the area that worked at Papa Belle's. Their old publicity shots. Could one of these be her? Jeepers! Surprised I remember so well. That's Legs. Her name's Esther Davis. Lives on the Main Line. - Say, hey young fella. - Hey. Ginger Rogers, that's who I wanted to be. I was 19, new in town. Papa Belle's was the place to be. And that's where you met Eddie Mason? After the show, he asked me to dine at his table. And how'd you meet Clyde? Eddie and his cronies wanted to swing by the ball field, watch some practice. While they were yackety-yakking, I went to find some shade. - And there he was? - By a drinking fountain. This gorgeous man trying to cool off. We hardly said boo to one another but must have stood there a good 5 minutes. It was storybook, it really was. Yeah, but now you had two big problems. / Yes. One, what to do about Eddie. And two, falling in love when it was still 1945. Did Eddie know about you and Clyde? Even if he did he didn't kill him. Eddie was in Miami Beach that weekend, scheming away. So, him being gone, you must've been with Clyde that last day? I went to the game and met him afterwards at the water fountain. Like always. Feels like every other game when your name is Satchel Paige. Clyde, what is it? What's wrong? - Dandridge knows about us. - Oh, no. Says I have to play for him forever, always, or he's gonna tell about us. But if you do play for him, he'll keep his mouth shut. But then I have to give up any chance of ever playing in the majors. - So? - So? Why is that so important? Because, if a colored ball player can show he's as good as a white player in the most American game there is. People with skin like mine won't be up at night praying he could scratch the color away so he can be normal. Honey, the world you're dreaming of is a long, long way off from now. Gotta start somewhere. Clyde, don't try to be a pioneer. It's best to just keep your head down. Maybe the answer is for you to lift your head up. Hey, man of the hour, the world is waiting for you. Oh, Clyde. Dad, look, there he is. Go out front, baby. So Troy and his father were still there, during the press conference? / Yes. Did they say anything else? Make any threat on Clyde? No. The father never spoke, just stood there so menacingly. I think that was more frightening than had he said something. If you weren't such a looker, I'd be losing my patience right about now. If you didn't lie about your dad, we wouldn't be here. I never lied. What'd you do with the Spaniard? Detective Jeffries, Troy. Heard some flattering things about you. The way I see it, you've been a good boy and a bad boy. Good because you told me about Clyde teaching civlity and how your bratty butt ran off to tell daddy. But bad because you left out the part where you and daddy doubled back for Clyde. OK, we doubled back. Keep going. When I told him about the autograph deal, that was the last straw. He said he wouldn't let that stand. Nice bat. Not real fair, sneakin' up on a man. My son told me what you did. I'm here to tell you I'm embarassed. - He's a kid. - I'm talking about me. The names I used on you, during the game. / Oh. Your first at bat, I could tell you were special. Second at bat,  I could tell you were the best hitter I'd ever faced. After that I threw you the hardest ball I'd ever thrown. You cleaned my clock. Don't feel good, but now I know. - Thank you. - Daddy, come on. Can we go yet? Troy, come here. I want you to say you're sorry to Mr. Taylor. / No. Get that tobacco out of your mouth. But daddy, you saw the jig had his mitts on that white lady. Don't judge a book by its cover. Ya understand? So I said sorry. Had to. That was real tobacco in your mouth? Used to do whatever my dad did. That might explain the stain on Clyde's jersey. DNA won't help if the tobacco was Troy's. Now can we call this meeting, please? Yeah, OK Troy. At least your dad taught you a lesson. Not really. I'm still not real big on spooks. So don't judge a book by its cover didn't even dent your knuckle head? That part was about the girl so that got through just fine. How was that about the girl? Well Dad recognized the lady. She's from the same town down south where he grew up. What are you getting at, Troy? The white lady. She wasn't really white. She was black. Does your husband know, Esther? - Know what? - You're black. - No. He doesn't. - But Clyde did. Yes, he was the only one. Is that why he had to die? What do you mean? Your secret was so important to you. You have a whole lifetime as a white woman that tells just how important. I came here from Macon , Georgia. I had two sisters, Dorothy and Ruby, we were dirt poor. - How did you end up here? - We were living in Squalor. Auntie said I had the lightest skin, I could make a real living like a white person. And then once here you were able to pass and got on at Papa Belle's. I had some dreams of my own. But maybe Clyde asked you to live colored. Was going to out you. You did ask him to keep his head down. And Clyde thought the answer was for you to lift your head up. But you wanted your dream so you stopped him from living his. No. But I could see the only way for us to both get what we wanted was to go out seperate ways. That's not what you said before. You wanted Clyde to forget about the majors. But then someone changed my mind. Esther. Who's there? It's me, Crumbs. Were you crying? I'm just scared for Clyde. He's butting head with Dandridge and he might get hurt. Yeah. Yeah, I'm scared too. But because you know, I think Clyde might hurt himself. What do you mean? He told me about Dandridge. And about how the majors are no longer even a dream. - Clyde said that? - Yeah, just now. Cause he's chosen you. - Oh. - Yeah. - You seem pretty happy about it. - Yes. I should go. - Esther, wait! - Ow! / Sorry. It's just, I've never seen him so down. - I sure wish you'd think about that. - Think about it? - Look, just scram OK? - What? Just go. Take your good foot outta here. Go to some dance hall in New York or somewhere. That's for you. Give Clyde his chance. No. It's complicated what's going on between us. It's not something you'd understand. - You think I'm stupid? - No. Sweetheart, I know a hell of a lot more about one thing than anybody you could round up. I know that if you leave Clyde alone, Dandridge won't have anything to hold over him. He'll be free to swap places with Babe Ruth and be the best player alive. That's a fact. But only if you leave. Then why doesn't Clyde tell me this? Oh, come on, he's a prince. He'd never tell you to your face. Please, I'm begging you. Leave us alone. So Crumbs knew all about the two of you? Clyde made sure of that early on. Told me I had to pass muster with the greatest club-house manager in baseball or I was out. Okey, dokey, next, who was the first African-American to play in the major leagues? Jackie Robinson. Wrong, Fleet Walker. He played back in 1884. DNA came in Joe. We thought you might be wondering. You're sweating. Crumbs, tell another one about Clyde. Sorry kiddo, don't know if I have another. I heard Clyde had a special bat he liked to use. I used to hold it for him. You know, he use it on the day he was killed? The one he hit the home run with. So, tell us about that one, Crumbs. What d'you say, huh? One day, Clyde handed me a bat and told me to always have it on hand. Said he only used this bat when he really needed it. Like when terrible pressure comes creeping up your neck. What made that bat so special? Said, because he hit more grounders with it than any other bat he ever used. Grounders? But those are lame. Even so, his last time up, that's the bat he wanted to use. This old pressure was creeping up, huh? Any man would've been shaking in his shoes. And so you gave him the bat. And he told me he was gonna hit a grounder, just for me. So, there he was, looking at the fastest fastest ball you ever did see. And crack! It was the home run of home runs. And that grounder he was talking about? That's what I asked. He said, you'll learn Crumbs. Someday, you'll learn. So, if a homer and a grounder means the same thing to you, your nerves won't get to you. So we'd like to see that bat. Won't be needing this no more. Wow. Missing since the night Clyde died. Yeah, we've been looking for that. Can I hold it? I'd better give it to your uncle. Come on Leonard, let's take a look at this. Hey, thank Joe for the nice time. - Thanks, Crumbs. - When you get older Leonard, do me one thing, would ya? Don't remember what that bat did to Clyde. Remembr what Clyde did with that bat. Wanna sit? There he is! Crumbs. Mr. Major Leagues, here we come. You can forget about that one. Never gonna happen with Esther around. Oh, yeah, that's the thing. I fixed it. What d'ya mean? Esther. Yeah, she's, she's gonna go away. / What? I know it's gonna hurt up front, but yeah, it's for the better. - Got her packing. - Packing? - Who do you think you are? - What? Telling Esther to break it off with me? Can't believe you did this to me. No, I was trying to help you. You'll see. Clyde! Your bat! Keep it. Forever. But this bat's gonna be in the Hall of Fame one day. It's only a game. Hit a ball and run around bags. Fun. But for kids. A man has a life to live. Stupid broad. What did you say? That's what always stops the great ones. - Don't let her stop you. - She's in my soul. Oh, cripes! A floozy with a great pair of gams? Big deal! You've been my friend Crumbs. I'll always remember that. But you make this game make your life so small. - Now I can't even see you. - Oh, yeah? You got any idea what you're thowing away? Huh? What some men would do to be in your shoes? To get just one swing? Hey! Are you listening? Hey, slow up! Clyde, stop! / No. OK, OK, say idiot, say something! Clyde! What about our future, huh? My future? Stop the walking! You're not going anywhere! Stop! Just stop! Clyde! Oh God, oh God. No, Clyde! Don't go! Please don't go, please. Please. * Doris Day˂ Sentimental Journey * * Gonna take a Sentimental Journey, * * Gonna set my heart at ease.  * * Gonna make a Sentimental Journey, * * to renew old memories. * * I've got my bags, got my reservations, * * Spent each dime I could afford.  * * Like a child in wild anticipation,  * * I Long to hear that, "All aboard!" * * Seven... * * that's the time we leave at seven. * * I'll be waitin' up for heaven,  * * Countin' every mile of railroad  * * track, that takes me back. * * I never thought my heart could be so yearny.  * * Why did I decide to roam?  * * I gotta take that Sentimental Journey,  * * Sentimental Journey home.  * * I gotta take that