I can see from down there that you have not shaved. Why is that ? Why are you staring at me ? Do you think I am attractive ? You better tuck in that bottom lip. Double time and down to the quad. Is that understand ? Sir, yes, sir ! Go ! **************** **************** **************** Caretaker relocating graves came across a bastard coffin. No headstone. Perfect place to bury a body. CSU found a duffel bag and personal items buried underneath the box. Idiot bag. Bears a book of knowledge to be worn by knobs at all times. - Knobs ? - First-year cadets, military school. Shave their heads to look like knobs. Well, this knob got a name ? ID says Kate Butler. Parents reported her missing three years ago from... Pennsylvania Military Institute. Oh, I remember this girl. One of the first females admitted to PMI. It took a lot of guts. PMI. That's in what, Bucks County ? How she wind up out here ? Weekend leave in the city ? Except this box is a military footlocker. Issued by the school. Fractured skull, possible blunt-force trauma. Could be our murder weapon right here... seven-pound hand weight with her initials on it. Yeah, we'll have those examined for blood or hair. Corroded laptop, clothes. Made it look like she ran away. Got her in there without cutting up the body. Had to be before rigor set in. So she's murdered on campus, stuffed in a footlocker. Driven all the way out here, 30 miles away ? Hoping it would never get tied back to the school. Well, it just did. Cold Case Season 6 Episode 22 Transcript VO : www.ydy.com The Long Blue Line All-male for 162 years. Well, mid -'90s, Justice Department forced almost every state military academy to admit qualified female applicants. Even Valley Forge and the Citadel are coed now. PMI was one of the last holdouts till four years ago. Can't believethis is still an issue. Male institutions dragging their feet to admit women ? Yeah, glad that's behind us. Next thing you know, they'll start letting 'em be detectives. Kate Butler was one of two female cadets who entered PMI in the fall of '05. Missing clothes, laptop. Assigned figured she ran away. Well, the body changes all that. What happened to the other girl ? Courtney Gaines. Went into the infirmary after the first day, gone within a week. Butler almost made it to Thanksgiving. School reported her missing when she didn't show up for chapel on Sunday morning. Campus computer system had her swiping out her ID card at the front gate night before, 8:26 p.m. Well, ID was found with the body. Possible her killer swiped her card on the way out ? Used the footlocker to get the body off campus, but he still needed a car. I'll look into parking permits. Victim's father's downstairs, just coming from the morgue. Mother's on her way in now. Separated when they lost their daughter. Autopsy report. ME confirmed blunt-force trauma. Kate's hand weight matched the contusion. Could have been killed in her own room. Had a stress fracture in her pelvis. Undetermined cause. Possible sexual assault ? I'll check the PMI infirmary records. Latest from the crime scene. Thanks. How you doing ? Billy moved out this morning. Finally asked him for a divorce. I didn't know you were gonna do that. Ah, I know, right ? Time to move on. Yeah. - So, um, see you around ? - Yeah, sure. Yeah. Still have her room the way it was. Every time the phone rang, a little part of me... hoping it was her, you know ? We're thinking she may have been killed on campus, Mrs. Butler. Have you informed her father yet ? He's handling the identification. Nothing he loved more than that school. Lot of folks have a problem with her attending PMI ? Including her own father. He never wanted Kate to go there in the first place. His alma mater. She was just as stubborn as he was. Force of her own. Never even told us she was applying till after she was accepted. Mr. Butler was concerned for her safety ? Concern for his daughter ? You'd have to ask him. Graduated in '78 before I got my commission. I went to PMI because that's where my father went. His father before him. Footlocker we found her body in was from PMI, Mr. Butler. I think that's how the killer got her body off campus. I don't want Charlotte to ever see those pictures. So, how she holding up ? Well, she said you never wanted Kate to go to PMI, that you had a difficult relationship with your daughter. I knew what she was gonna be up against. She did it to prove me wrong. Her mother blamed me for what happened. Why would she blame you ? She didn't tell you ? Kate would have done anything for her father, but you don't defy Hank Butler. She'd made up her mind. I always sided with my husband, but there comes a time when a child needs more than just tough love. "Come Back" by Pearl Jam Hank ? Your daughter's going off to college. Do you intend to say good-bye to her ? Dadd That I feel I know you don't want me to do this. I just want you to know... I'm not gonna let you down. Good-bye, Daddy. If you can't hack it, don't bother coming home. Do you think that was... an ultimatum or a means of motivation ? Either way, I always thought it was the reason my baby never came back. Blamed your husband for that. Kate didn't need any more people against her. This is all the hate mail she got before she even set foot on campus. Did you show these to the police before ? They said they looked into it. They told us that she ran away. I guess that's not true now, is it ? Did you talk to Commandant Murillo ? We will. Thanks for coming in, M. Butler. Sure. You better find the son of a bitch who did this before I do. When Cadet Butler didn't return to campus, we assumed that she'd eventually show up on her parents' doorstep. Got new information indicates she may have been killed on campus. I find that hard to believe. First year is difficult, but we have standards of safety for all cadets, male or female. But there are no female cadets presently enrolled ? Yes, well, it's a rather limited applicant pool. Maybe if you put a woman on your brochure, see what happens. Gonna need access to all school records and grounds. I've been ordered to give you whatever you need. Cadet Gardner here will show you to Moe. He's my Operations Officer. Now, if you'll excuse me... Attention on the quad ! All hail the Commandant. Saw a bumper sticker on the lot. God, country and PMI. Gotta figure the Commandant's next on that list. Thought they were supposed to look straight ahead. Sir, not every day a pretty blonde walks across campus, sir. Of course I remember Kate Butler. It was my job to implement the necessary changes to accommodate female cadets on campus. I don't think these were the accommodations she had in mind. Got a way to track that footlocker, Moe ? Please. Two in every room, but we don't assign them to any particular cadet. One goes missing, who requisitions a replacement ? No inventory. We just replace them as they fall apart at the end of the year. Must be thousands of them. Sounds odd for a place that keeps such meticulous records. Like the computer log you supplied back in '05. Showed the exact time Kate left campus. It goes into a computer any time a cadet swipes their ID at the front gate. On or off campus. We're gonna need a list of registered cars and parking permits that year. Infirmary records,any injuries Kate may have incurred. Whatever you need. - Lawrence. - Yes, Major. You know if Kate had any problems with another cadet ? Every fourth class cadet has a rough go of it. More a function of being a knob. It's not personal. What about the function of being a girl ? That get personal ? Well, she never filed a complaint. Look, I'd be lying to you to say there wasn't resentment among some of the cadets. Why ? She get special consideration ? It didn't matter much. That girl was determined to be one of the guys. "Who You Are" by Pearl Jam Major, it is still too long. How short do you want it, Commandant ? I have no idea. She still looks like a girl. With all due respect, sir, she is a girl. And we don't have a female precedent. Courtney. Don't. Don't what ? Well, keep cutting till we find one. I'm gonna be a knob, I might as well look like one. Still, cutting your hair doesn't mean you can cut the mustard here at PMI. This program is just too demanding for most women. - Kate have a boyfriend on campus ? - No, ma'am. We instituted a non-fraternization policy the year women were admitted. Yeah, 'cause those always work. Damned if you do, damned if you don't, Detective. We'd like to see her room. - Lawrence, show them the barracks. - Yes, sir. "A cadet shall not lie, cheat, or steal, nor shall he tolerate those who do." Honor code. Noticed they got one in every building. Single sanction policy, ma'am. One violation gets you drummed out. Pretty strict code for most mortals. That's why on the eighth day, God created PMI. This the only dorm room with a lock on the door ? Yes, sir, first one installed in school history. Along with a special latrine bathroom for women down the hall. Room's been unoccupied since Cadet Butler and the other girl left. The other girl ? Courtney Gaines ? Yes, ma'am, non-hacker. Cadet Butler only shared a room the first week. Tell the commandant this is now a crime scene. Yes, sir. I think it's time we talk to Courtney Gaines. I transferred to Bryn Mawr my freshman year to major in women's studies. Quite a contrast, going from an all-male military academy to a women's college, Courtney. I'm writing my senior thesis on the merits of single-sex education. Which one ? Women's colleges only graduate 4% of the country's female students but they produce 25% of the female board members of Fortune 500 companies, 50% of the women in Congress. I know where my daughter's going. How did you get along with Kate ? Oh, she was a great girl, tried to help me. I thought going to a school like PMI would be empowering. Instead I spent half my time in the infirmary. - What happened ? - Hell Week. Marching, pushups, more marching. Suffered a stress fracture in my pelvis. Kate had the same injury. Women's legs are shorter so, we have t take longer stride to keep up, but the physical abuse was nothing compared to the psychological assault. Maybe 'cause Kate's father went there, she was more prepared. She knew how to survive. Actually, neither one of you survived the school. But at least you're still sitting here. What do you mean ? Kate's body just turned up in a cemetery. Oh, my God. Anyone in particular you can remember gunning for her, Courtney ? Yeah, I do. He hated both of us on sight. I'll never forget his face. In what year was my beloved institution founded ? Fatbody ? Sir, Eighteen-forty... something, sir. Cadet "Chucklehead" has just desecrated the very ground upon which you worthless knobs stand. For that, you owe me 20 more pushups. Eat floor, knobs ! Exercise ! What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly. Come on. Get up. You can do it. You can hack it ! I can't... can't do it. This ain't yoga class, downward dog ! Get your ass out of the air and do a man's pushup ! You gonna spend another night crying in the infirmary, Cadet "Useless" ? That's what I thought. You all right ? Shut up. Don't even look at me before he comes over here and... "Eight-Ball", did you just blow chunks on my fine quadrangle ? Sir, yes, sir ! Sorry, sir. Are you suggesting that my mess hall doesn't quite measure up to your mama's home cooking ? Do you need a bib ?! Sir, no, sir ! How about you, Sinead ? You wanna gimme some tears ? Make me feel sorry for you ? Sir, no, sir ! You see this ring ? You think I busted my ass for three long years just to see them give it away to a bunch of sports bra-wearing pantywaists ? Only way you're getting one is through me, and that ain't gonna happen. Sergeant James Addison. Still have nightmares about that guy. Made it clear it was you or him. The day I walked out, every guy in the place cheered. Kate stayed. God knows why. Did Addison threaten you personally ? Visited me in the infirmary. Told me to leave now and walk out through the front gates... or be carried out in a box. First Lieutenant James Addison ? I help you ? Detectives Rush, Valens. Philly Homicide. You're here about Cadet Butler. Word travels fast. Graduated two years ago. Still hanging around ? Grad program, engenering. Finished my first tour in Afghanistan. Get free room as resident hall director. How well did you know Kate ? I was part of the Echo Company cadre. Saw her every day during Hell Week. Not much after that. I heard you took special pride in racking knobs, especially the female kind. Made it your mission to run them off. Guess it worked. I didn't treat the women different than any other knob. Courtney Gaines says otherwise. Hell, yeah, I tried to run 'em out, tried to run 'em all out. It was my job. Break down the individual, build up the group ? Whiny maggots call it hazing. I call it natural selection. But then, Courtney was no Kate Butler. What was different about Cadet Butler ? She understood what it took to earn the respect of her peers. How'd Butler rank first in the two-mile run ? She finished sixth. Called gender-norming, "Chucklehead". Women automatically get two minutes shaved off their time. What, one for each knocker ? You're up first, you gaudy smack ! Get on that bar and give me ten pull-ups. Yes, sir ! You have got to be kidding me, fish ! Only girls and gumps do the flexed arm hang. Hold it right there, Gomer. Get up there, Butler. Sir, yes, sir. Let's see if you girls can hang for a full minute. Let the girl beat you ?! Come on ! Pull it up ! You are a no-go at this station, Stewart ! Get off my bar, you fat tub of goo ! - Get back in formation. - Sir, yes, sir. Butler knew that as long as there was gender-norming, she'd never be equal. Had to respect the effort. Even if "Rhianna" never lived it down. "Rhianna" ? That's what they called Ryan after Kate smoked him. Drove the kid nuts. Where's this "Rhianna" now ? First class cadet. Senior. His folks live upstate. Went home to visit. Due back tomorrow before first call. Is that a sign-out sheet ? Yeah, cadets have to sign in and out of the barracks on weekends. You know, I don't mind standing the duty. I basically get paid to study. Different from the ID swipe at the front gate ? The ID swipe's to get on and off campus. Barracks log is for curfew purposes. School keep track of these ? Collected every Sunday morning, filed over in the main office. Remember where you were the Saturday night Kate disappeared ? Saturday night ? Would have been out drinking with the guys in Echo. It's mandatory around here. Good. Then you'll remember their names. Hey, I have Kate's medical records from the PMI infirmary. Usual bruises and blisters except the 18 stitches she needed for a gash in her hand two weeks before she disappeared. Little rough for regular PT. Told the doctor on duty she broke a bottle. I'm thinking possible defensive wounds. It makes you wonder why the hell she wanted to go to this school. Get anything from the hate mail ? Uh, yeah, a lot of folks with serious issues. Here's one blowhard... threatened to have Kate drawn and quartered for taking the spot of "more qualified young men". Postmark's from one of those office postage machines. Worth tracking. Nutjob #2 thinks Kate going to PMI is a breach of the garden of Eden. "He placed on the east side of the garden of Eden angels and a flaming sword flashing back and forth to guard the way to the tree of life." Well, there's six of them with the same sword business. All sent out on a Saturday. It could be a cadet off-campus on open weekends ? Hate mail on Saturday, chapel on Sunday. These guys are unbelievable. I believe it. You're tellin' me this kind of stuff happened to you back in the day ? First female in Homicide. Remember Walter Harris ? Detective retired in '02 ? Sure, was the Walrus. Legend with the practical jokes. Oh, he was funny, all right. Had a joke for me every day. PMS, my social life, my ass, you name it. You're kidding. No ,I rolled with it 'cause that's what you do, right ? Even rolled with it when he put a centerfold with my face on it on the fridge. Till this one night I'm down in the Bottom picking up a 6'4" meth-head. I turn around, I got no backup. Walter hung you out to dry. You report his ass ? Figured it'd only get worse. Least I was 29. Kate was only 18. I'll hit PMI in the morning, talk to Ryan Stewart. See if "Rhianna" ever lived his nickname down. - Night, dollface. - Night. Philly Homicide. Rise and shine, "Rhianna". What the hell is this ? Know you got a busy schedule. Figured we'd talk to you before first call. - Remember Kate Butler ? - Kate's dead ? Found her in a footlocker. You reported yours missing knob year. I reported all my furniture missing, sir. They used to put it out on the quad while I was asleep, sometimes with me in it. Where were you the night she disappeared ? Don't know. My room ? Where I always was. "Rhianna". Pretty nickname. Cadets still call u that ? No, not if they want to keep their teeth, ma'am. Kate stuck you with that name. Dusted you off good. Lit a fire under my ass. I bench over 300 pounds now. Forgive and forget ? How sweet. I busted my hump to make it this far. I'm gonna graduate on time with a ring. Congratulations. Kate's pushing up daisies. Look, it wasn't... it wasn't the students that Kate Butler had to worry about. Who was it ? Kate was a member of the "Color Guard". Most cadets, it was a time to shine. But Kate dreaded it... "Rear View Mirror" by Pearl Jam Hell you think you are, performing with the color guard ? You aren't fit to touch that flag. Just trying to do my job, sir. Yeah, well, it's bad enough a guy's denied a place to let some bitch like you in. You're a disgrace to the long blue line of men who wear this ring ! You hear me ? The guy did the same thing to her every single game. There was nothing she could do about it. She'd get in trouble if she fell out of formation. - Yeah, no one had her back. - No one knew what to do. I mean, that type of thing didn't happen with the guys. Loudmouth with the ring, he alumni ? Yes, ma'am, Jeb something. Drunk still comes to every game. Jebediah Buford. PMI class of '82. Works on the tenth floor. Genius who sent the anonymous hate mail letter using his office postage machine. Just talked to Moe. Qualified young men he was ranting about? He's talking about his own son. Letter from PMI admissions. Brandon Buford, wait-listed the same year Kate was accepted. Kid never got in. Legacy or not. Check out the Bufords' home address on the top. 19128 Roxborough. Four blocks from the cemetery where Kate's body was found. How long you work at the Army Corps of Engineers, Jeb ? Been serving my nation and the public my whole life. When you're not getting loaded at PMI football games, threatening girls ? "Better lock your door at night. With 2,500 bloodhounds and only one bitch, you won't make it to Thanksgiving." What the hell is all this about ? Your meter number is the same as your office mailing machine, Einstein. No other PMI grads in your department. Certainly not your son Brandon. Couldn't get anywhere near the place with a 2.2 from Roman Catholic. Brandon was a good kid. PMI would have straightened him out. Woulda, coulda, shoulda. How many DUIs he got now ? My son was a legacy. That used to mean something there. You wanted that girl gone. Hate mail is state offense, Jeb. So I wrote one stinking letter. Big deal. Why you hassling me over a girl who dropped out three years ago ? She popped back up. Roxborough Cemetery, few blocks from your house. I want a lawyer. Why ? Got something to hide ? Class of '82 had a tailgating party on campus same day Kate disappeared, November 15, 2005. You were there. We're gonna give the jury opportunity and motive. Look, I didn't hurt that girl, all right ? I don't know how she wound up in that grave. You want to find out, you talk to her boyfriend. I'm sure her multicultural boyfriend knows what happened to her. Multicultural boyfriend got a name ? Don't know. Not a lot of 'em at PMI, shouldn't be too hard to find out. What did you do after the class of '82 tailgate? Cross burning ? I went to dinner with the same group of alumni that I always do. You can check. Count on it, Jebediah. Keith Henderson, only black cadet in Echo Company. Kid never spoke to Plumstead Township Police in '05. Better have a good excuse for not coming forward when she went missing. I'll get his records, see what I can dig up. Oh, did you check on Jeb's alibi ? Oh, be taking my time getting to that. Ever get an award for penmanship ? Guessing you think I should have ? This "P" looks like an "R". Could have unraveled your PMI warrant big time. Came all the way down here to rail on my cursive ? Actually, I was wondering what you were up to Friday night. I got tickets to "The Heartless Bastards". The who ? Yeah, I wish it were The Who, but venue's a little small for them. Are... are you asking me out on a date ? So what do you say ? You... gonna feed me first ? I can do that. Then I say yes. I don't get it,Scotty. I'm divorcing my husband. That's not good news? Maybe if you had told me six months ago. Look,I don't know what to tell you... You need time. Yeah, you told me. All this back and forth, seems like we could both use a cooling off. Is that what that was last month ? Cooling off ? Will got shot. It was wrong, me coming to you. So that's it ? Just like that ? I don't know what you want from me, Frankie. For the record, I think you're making a mistake. A really bad one. At ease, soldier. - Can't leave my post, sir. - Put down the weapon, Keith. Making us nervous. Talk about your relationship with Kate Butler. Knob year. She was in Echo Company with me, ma'am. That's about it. See,now you're violating our honor code. Got an eyewitness puts you and her getting cozy at the Danboro Grous Coffee Shop. Have to stay at my post, sir. Your post can wait. Maybe your graduation next month, too. Introduce you to another long blue line down at the station. They called us the Odd Squad. Echo had me, the chick, and a Jew. No one could figure out why we were here. What's that got to do with you giving Kate the high hard one ? We weren't sleeping together, sir. I needed a tutor, and she needed a friend. ("In Hiding" by Pearl Jam playing) I... I dunno, Kate. I,infinite sequences look like Chinese to me. I'll take dim sum over antiderivatives any day. Oh, my God. - What ? - You just smiled. What are you talking about ? I smile all the time. Not since I've known you. Is your face gonna fall off or something ? Nope, still works. Why you so serious, Kate ? Why do you think ? I gotta be a hundred times more Teflon than the rest of the guys. Put up a front, just like you. Front. I really thought you were that tough. Well, if I let my guard down, I'll be dead. Why you doing this, Kate ? What's matter, your father wanted a boy ? I were a boy, he'd be bragging about me to everyone he knows. Um... it's just... we want to get that ring, we gotta get back to this calculus, right ? Chinese, you mean. Kate was good people once you got to know her. Touching story,Keith. - That your signature ? - Yes, sir. It's barracks sign-out log from the day Kate went AWOL. You signed out at 7:17. Same time as her. You came back. She never did. There's gotta be a mistake, ma'am. I was on tours every weekend that month. Tours. That's punishment, right ? What was that for ? Don't remember. Something to do with that demerit you got for getting caught in the ladies' room ? November 1, 2005. Two weeks before she's murdered. That was a misunderstanding. Same night Kate shows up in the infirmary with her hand cut up like sushi. She get that injury from you, Keith ? - What ? No,  / - What the hell were you doing, skulking 'round that ladies' latrine ? Right here, Keith. Anytime. I did go in that latrine. 'Cause I was trying to help. "Indifference" by Pearl Jam. Kate? Wake up. Wake up. Keith ? You're bleeding. Your hand is... Jeez. Pressure on it. Here. What happened to you ? Kate, who was it, did this to you ? Just get me back to my room. - Kate... - Please, Keith. I knew the cadets hated her. Just didn't know how much until then. You ever find out who did it ? She wouldn't tell me, ma'am. And I never got a look at his face. You take her to the infirmary ? Yes, sir. Couldn't get the bleeding to stop. When I went back to get my calculus book, that's when they caught me in the bathroom. Reason you had to do tours. Knew I should have kept my mouth shut. All this time I thought they just ran her out. Who did you talk to, Keith ? I was in the "Odd Squad",too. I thought they were gonna come after me next. There's no incident report filed with Echo Company. I didn't go through the chain of command. The honor code is only as strong as the cadets who uphold it. I went straight to the top. Commandant Murillo ? Thanks for coming in, Mr.Murillo. It's Colonel Murillo. I think I've earned that. You can have a seat. You have a problem with Cadet Butler enrolling at PMI, Colonel ? What's this all about, Lieutenant ? I believe the detective asked you a question. What I have a problem with is irrelevant in view of what the courts have decided now, isn't it ? It isn't when you allow a student to be assaulted on campus. That's a bit presumptuous. Am I on the stand here ? You knew Kate was attacked,you should have stopped it from going further. I knew no such thing. We have a cadet who witnsed it. Told you what he saw. What Cadet Keith Henderson told me was hearsay. I chose to go directly to the horse's mouth. Sir,Cadet Butler reporting as ordered,sir. At ease. I want to talk to you about an incident that may have occurred in the women's latrine last night. Sir ? I've been told that there was an altercation between you and another cadet. Is that true ? To my knowledge, sir, there was no incident. Cadet Butler, are you aware of the honor code ? Yes,sir. "A cadet shall not lie, cheat, or steal, nor shall he tolerate those who do." Now, did anything occur in the women's latrine last night ? Nothing happened, sir. - Dismissed. - Sir, yes, sir. That's it ? You just let her go ? What the hell would you have me do ? The honor code is the backbone of the institute. If she said it didn't happen, it didn't. She was trying to suck it up, to fit in with the male cadets. Well,then she made her choice, didn't she ? You were head of the school. I still am. That hasn't stopped you from trying to tell me how to do my job. Maybe if you did it better. I don't care how many pull-ups Kate Butler could do. She was never gonna be one of the boys. Her anatomy prevented that. Plain and simple. You don't give a rat's ass what happened to her, do you ? Any help I would have given her directly would have just made the situation worse. What do you mean, directly ? I assigned an upperclassman to keep an eye on her, the same as I'm sure there was somebody who looked out for you during your training. Woman with a badge intimidate you ? Who was the upperclassman you asked to look after Kate ? A first sergeant, Echo Company. He would order her to his room every Sunday for shine detail. Cadet James Addison ? Put the fox in the henhouse. Are we through here ? Lieutenant ? I choose to spend my Saturday evenings kicking back with a Cohiba. I apologize if the phallic implications of that offend you, officer. It's Detective. And I've absolutely earned it. A lot of work goes into keeping everything clean, polished. How can I help you, Detective ? Made it sound like you hardly knew Kate last time we talked. James Frederick Addison. Commandant's list every semester. I can see why he chose you to watch over her. Shine detail, right ? Every Sunday when she came to your room ? Colonel Murillo told you about that. Wondering why you didn't. Kate was attacked one of those Sundays, two weeks before she disappeared. Would have been after she left your room. That just a coincidence ? You're right about my perfect record. I never failed at a thing in my life. Until I met Kate. You going to take all day with that ? Sir, I'll try to speed it up, sir. Brasso. Bring some back when you go home for Thanksgiving. Thank you,sir. What's wrong ? - Sir, nothing's wrong, sir. - Look,enough with the "sir" sandwiches. - What happened to your hand ? - It's fine. Let me see. Come here. They stitch this up at the infirmary ? It's not a big deal. It's just, some of the polish got in it... How'd this happen to you ? PT, I think. Not really sure. Three years of PT,I never seen someone's hand sliced like that. Two parallel cuts, what's that ? - It's a saber, isn't it ? - I couldn't say, Mr.Addison. Look,why do you think I make you come to my room every damn Sunday? So we can talk, so that you have someone to turn to. Look at me. Now's the time, Kate. I know. Hello ? Sir, request permission to get a towel, sir ! Why do you need a towel,knob? You ashamed of your nakedness ? Answer me, knob ! You hiding from the sight of God ?! Sir, yes, sir ! Who was it ? Come on, Kate. It was just racking. Knobs are always getting racked in the showers. That wasn't racking. That was assault. Look, no guy would tolerate what he did to you. So you tell me who it was so I can go kick his ass. I got to fight my own battles. Then take care of it yourself. Or leave. You're the first, Kate. They're all going to be watching you. I was supposed to protect her. All cadets carry a saber ? Only upperclassmen, select members of the regimental honor guard ; Operations should have a list. What'd you think when she disappeared ? I wasn't surprised. I thought she just finally had enough and left. Detective. Find the person who hurt her. "Yellow Ledbetter" par Pearl Jam * Unsealed on a porch a letter sat * * Then you said, I wanna leave it again * * Once I saw her on a beach of weathered sand * * And on the sand I wanna leave it again, yeah * * On a weekend, I wanna wish it all away, yeah * * And they called and I said that I want what I said * * And I called out again * * And the reason Ought to leave her calm, * I know I said,"I know what I wear, not a box or a bag" * Can't you see them ? * And on the eighth day... God... God created PMI. * I see them Round