You're supposed to be helping. Sorry, Mir, I forgot I, uh, left it on there. Here. Pass the Li'l Smokies. Are you sure this barf is edible ? Make sure the Jell-O salads aren't wilting. As I was saying, when Violet told me she had the solution to my kitchen woes, I thought she'd found a way to get my husband home on time for dinner. Products are good, but they're not that good. These are kosher, right ? What's unique is the little "burp." It's the signature sound. The sound of freshness. I use this one, the Freeze-It, - to store dozens of meals. - She isn't kiddin', ladies. I'll bet she hasn't cooked in a week. Honestly, I had no idea my life could change so quickly. But everything's in the catalog. Phone me if you have questions. ACCIDENTAL DEATH Well, it had to be one of you. It just didn't get up and walk away. What's missing now ? His cinnamon roll. Don't look at me. I don'eat breakfast. You ate my coffee cake. Two years ago. Least someone's eating it. Gotta be food in there older than our cold jobs. Someone ought to clean this thing up. There's a sponge right over there. I ain't the one leaving things here to rot. What ? Lana was just telling me about her sister. Miriam Forrester. - Killed August '64. - Car hit her on the street by her house, threw her into a ditch. It was two days before anyone found her. I was a teenager at the time. Thought my sister was just a repressed '60s housewife... - But ? - Her husband, Harold, just passed away, and his family found some of her stuff in his garage. Knickknacks, junk mail... and this. - Tupperware box ? - That was her big thing. Drove old Harry crazy. Real man-of-the-times, didn't want the little wife working. The thing is, it's not Tupperware. That her luggage ? I think someone was returning it to her. But I found this inside. "I will hunt you down where you live." Box was sent from... Hazelton, Mississippi. Two days before my sister's body was found. August '64 was Freedom Summer. And Hazelton, Mississippi was where all hell was breaking loose. Black and white warfare. Ain't exactly the place a suburban housewife goes for vacation. Was your sister involved in some activism ? As far as I knew, she never left the Philly city limits. Didn't even know how to drive. What about her friends ? Only one friend I remember, Violet. But they just sold Tupperware together. Got a last name ? Violet Gold ? Golding ? I guess I always had a certain view of who my sister was. Now I'm not so sure. - Mississippi, huh ? - Please. Tell me you'll look into this. -==ÆÆÀÃÐÜÀÖÔ°==- ±¾×ÖÄ»½ö¹©Ñ§Ï°½»Á÷£¬ÑÏ½ûÓÃÓÚÉÌÒµÓÃÍ¾</font> Transcript VO : www.ragbear.com Wednesday's women Miriam Forrester, struck from behind by an unidentified vehicle on Lincoln Drive. Found August 8, 1964. Hmm... she was only 22 years old. Multiple fractures, abrasions... It's all consistent with an auto-ped. Oh, look at this. Puncture wound, base of the skull. I've seen severed limbs crushed ribs-- nothin' like that. Body's found in an overgrown ditch by the road. Minus one glove. Burrs in her hair, clothes. Might have a better idea what caused that wound if decomp hadn't already set in. Detectives confirmed the husband was in Boston for business when it happened. Failed to mention his wife's trip to Mississippi. Maybe he didn't know. Well, that all we got ? A trip to Mississippi during Freedom Summer ? Her overnight bag was shipped in a Tupperware box. Maybe that's what brought her down there. Yeah, kid sister says that was her thing. So what the heck do Tupperware and civil rights have in common ? Vera's hunting down Tupperware ladies from '64. Tell him to be careful. Those ladies can sell snow to Eskimos. He's putting together a list of top sellers from Mount Airy who might've known Miriam. Violet Golding's name came up, a couple others. Take Jeffries; have a talk with this Violet. What about the threat letter? QD's checking it out and Latents is taking a look at her overnight bag. Oh, and, uh... you're missing an earring. Oh, must've fallen off on my way to work. Hey, gorgeous. - You look good. - Thanks. Uh, you, too. So I've been thinking... you know what you and me need to do - What ? - Go on a date. I mean, a real date. - Okay. - You like bowling ? Sure. Bowling's good. Saturday night ? Maybe do a little Italian place after ? It'll be good. It'll be good. Everything okay ? Yeah, yeah, I... I just lost an earring. Oh. Where ? You know where. Uh,  check for me, will ya ? Check your pocket. Saturday night. Violet Golding ? OPEN HOUSE TODAY Detectives Jeffries, Rush. You were one of Tupperware's top sellers back in '64 ? Yes. But I don't sell it anymore. Wondering if you remember Miriam Forrester ? I understand the two of you were friends. Wow. Haven't heard that name in a long time. Your Tupperware parties ever take you to Mississippi ? Lord, no. You have any idea what that kind of humidity does to your hair ? Place was the epicenter of civil rights action. Know if Miriam got involved ? What makes you think Miriam was ever in Mississippi ? Well, this was found in her overnight bag. It was sent from Hazelton, Mississippi. This mean something to you ? The Tupperware gals were all about getting a new sofa or some fancy kitchen appliance. But Miriam ? Her thoughts ran deeper than that. "Walk On By" by Dionne Warwick.</i> Lana make it home all right ? Cute as a button, that little thing. Miriam ? I know it's not polite conversation, but have you seen what's going on down there ? It's awful. Are you all right, Miriam ? Harold's never home. Even when he is, we barely talk. I'm grateful to you for showing me Tupperware; I really am. It's just sometimes... - What, dear ? - Do you ever wonder if this is all there is ? She was what you would call a "sensitive soul." Miriam didn't know how to drive. If she went to Mississippi, she would have needed someone to take her. Well, if she did, it wasn't with me. I'm sorry. My open house starts in five minutes. Hey, look who's back. Hmm, fit some shopping into your busy day. Taking the Tupperware - research pretty serious, Nick. - You wanted names. I got you names. Didn't come cheap, did it? Another Tupperware lady waiting for you. Name's Debra Nelson. No way. You take her. I'm done with these sharks. Been talking to some people in Tupperware, Debra. You made the list of high sellers in '64. Tupperware was very popular back then. It still is today. Right. See, then we looked you up. Got a string of arrests in the '60s and '70s. Disorderly conduct, civil disobedience... I'm proud of that record, protesting for our civil rights. And for that, I thank you. But in between protesting, you're selling Tupperware. What am I missing here ? Tupperware was just a cover. Cover for what, exactly? Wednesday's Women. Housewives who went to Mississippi. Traveled on Tuesday, arrived on Wednesday, back by the weekend. Black and white women ? Together ? We brought supplies to the Freedom Schools. Tried to help educate black children who were being ignored by the powers-that-be. You know anyone in Mississippi who might've given this threat letter to Miriam ? I stayed in Philly. Made arrangements for the girls who were traveling. Must've been dangerous work for them. It was my job to make them aware of just how dangerous. When in public, you have to wear your white gloves. We've got to look the part, like genteel Southern ladies. If anyone asks, and they will, tell them you're there to sell Tupperware. Even your hosts think that's what you're there for. Most important, whites and coloreds can't be seen together ever. And not just in Mississippi: any state below the Mason-Dixon. That's right, Ella. And don't discuss the locations of the Freedom Schools with anyone, not even each other. - Why ? - Because the KKK is burning them down. - The schools? - Three activists have gone missing from a town near where we're going. College students. Two white, one black. Next group leaves first Tuesday in August. Whoever wants to be in it, come get your gloves. Violet Golding was there ? She's the one who introduced Miriam to the group. You still have that guestbook ? Sure, I could find it. So, Violet not only knew Miriam went to Mississippi, she went with her. Violet, Miriam, Ella, and Belinda. They all went together. Violet lied. Went to Mississippi, too. On her way in now. Can't wait to... hear her excuse. Mint. They were out of vanilla bean. Oh... thanks. Sorry, man. You want mine ? It's a triple mocha thing. Come with a spoon ? That's a good one. The boss, hunting me down. Catch you later. Found the other women who traveled with Miriam and Violet, boss. Ella Turner died three years ago of heart disease. Belinda Hutchins relocated to Hazelton a month after Miriam's death. Town must have made quite an impression. Debra found her files. Said Miriam's host was a Kitty Doyle. Old Hazelton family. You up for a trip to Mississippi ? Haven't been since high school. I have relatives in Jackson. Went every summer growing up. Take someone with you. Lil and Scotty went on the last trip. - ...right now. - No, that's your stuff. Look at all the beautiful... That leaves... I don't care. I ain't buying no damn Tupperware. Lady's choice. Is, uh... that your signature ? Looks like it. Got it from a meeting for Wednesday's Women. Ever hear of it ? We're gonna ask you again, Violet. You ever been to Mississippi ? Tried like hell to forget all of it. Wednesday's Women... Hazelton. Who gave Miriam... this letter ? We all had different hosts, different assignments. I never saw that letter. Tell us what happened down there. We were all so hopeful. We really thought we could make a difference. We should have turned around when we had the chance. "Come See About Me" by The Supremes.</i> Violet, I'm trying to concentrate. You're doing swell for your first time. You just got to give it a little more gas. At this rate, we won't make it to Mississippi till Christmas. Oh, I think she can do better than that. How about you, Ella ? Didn't even realize we were moving. I know how you feel about this car, Violet. You talk more about your pride and joy than you do Alfred. Well, my husband isn't as pretty as my Studebaker, now is he ? - Ooh ! - Oh, come on, Miriam. This ain't Harold's old Buick. Floor it. Car ! It's okay now. Wow, look at us. We're flying. We interrupt this program for breaking news.</i> The missing civil rights workers,</i> Chaney, Schwerner and Goodman, were found dead today.</i> President Lyn... They killed them. We can't turn back now. We gotta keep going. Miriam... you don't have to do this. Yes, I do. This isn't just about me anymore. It's about... Alfred making you go to his church instead of where you were brought up to go. It's about you and Craig losing your jobs at the factory, about your parents thinking the only reason why you got a college education was to marry a better man. About all of us. And our friendship. And the world telling us that we can't be friends. All right, then. Let's get this car on the road. When was the last time you saw her ? The drive back. 17 hours of silence. Where'd you drop her off ? Near her house, Friday night. - Without her luggage ? - I didn't notice. We were all pretty upset by what we had seen down there. We were told to keep a low profile. But that wasn't who Miriam was anymore. MISSISSIPPI WELCOMES YOU "ONLY POSITIVE MISSISSIPPI SPOKEN HERE" Three hours on a plane, and another two in this tin can. Try 17 hours in an old beater with leather seats and no AC. That's some cruel and unusual family vacation. Yeah. Dad always made us stop at this catfish joint, "Aunt Margie's", Said it was the best in the state. Is it far from here ? Wednesday's Women, you say ? Be honest, that type of thing could have gotten her in trouble back then, if someone had found out. I always thought it was strange her coming all the way to Mississippto to sell Tupperware. Why did you let her stay with you ? Church said a nice lady from up North needed a bed. I thought it was the Christian thing to do. You were the one who sent Miriam's overnight case back to her ? Yes, I used the same box that I bought the Tupperware in. Uh, you were home on leave right then, weren't you ? My sister's hospitality extends to more than just strangers. Why didn't she take her bag with her ? I don't know. She was here on a Thursday night, and then, in the morning she was gone. Didn't even say good-bye or anything. I... thought it was rude at the time, but... Puts things into focus. Things such as ? That time we were in town. Ms. Miriam saw that pretty black lady. You knew something was amiss. ............... Nearer My God To Thee You need anything from a store, Jim can always bring you into town. Appreciate your kindness, Jim. Yeah, wouldn't want you thinking we're all a bunch of hicks down here. But I got to admit, I still think you talk funny. Oh, yeah ? Well, you talk funny, too. What are you gonna do once Jim's Army leave's over ? I mean, I only just learned how to drive myself. Don't know. Now, when exactly that gonna be, Jim ? Ha, ha, ain't you funny ? All he wants to do is waste time with his friends. To be young again. There they are now. Jonathan, you tell your mama thanks for that ambrosia now, you hear ? Watch what you're doing there, gal. You two know each other ? - No, ma'am. - What she means is we... we saw each other yesterday. She was inquiring if I was in need of a maid service. And she told me she was just visiting, but maybe the lady of the house... I certainly don't need a clumsy maid. Thank you. This the woman Miriam saw ? Why, yes. Yes, that's her. "Clumsy maid" graduated top of her class from Pe.n. Explains why she was so mad at the time. I guess. Those were dark days for us all, but things are different now. There's a new South. KKK was driving activists to the county line, forcing them out of town back then. Anyone you can think of had a problem with Miriam being here ? No. She was a charmer. Certainly made me see Yankees in a different light. Know who might have given her this ? Goodness, no. But if she was sneaking around in that group like you say, ain't no telling. Don't throw it like a girl. Watch it, buddy. And Rush steps up to the line. It's all hanging in the balance here, folks. Everything riding on this shot. Will she or won't she get to keep the shoes ? I am kicking your butt ! I'm a bowling shark, lady, all right. I'm just priming you up. Don't be a sore sport. Ain't over till it's over. The boss ? Yeah ? When ? It's happening. Kept trying to stall it. Tell 'em that they should take somebody else. But it's you. Yeah. Wow. When ? Ship out later tonight. So what does this mean ? You gonna roll into town under cover of darkness, and drop me secret letters if I promise not to blow your cover ? I should have told you before you took advantage of me. Uh, don't look so guilty. It's all right. It really is. Ain't guilt I'm feeling. You're gonna miss me. Tell you what. Night's still young. Want to pick up a bottle of wine, hit this place I know ? Wine's good. But how about we skip dinner? Let's get out of here. spend the whole morning comparing Miriam's puncture wound with other auto-peds. Still don't make sense. Cars were tanks back then. Could've been something on the hood ? Hood ornament ? Nah, car's too low. Report's back from Questioned Documents. ESDA machine got an impression off Miriam's letter. So what'd they give you ? Name "Cordell." Anonymous letter isn't so anonymous after all. Belinda Hutchins ? Yes ? I'm Belinda Hutchins. Detectives Jeffries, Miller. Philadelphia Police Department. This place used to be a Freedom School ? The last one standing. How can I help you ? We're investigating the possible murder of Miriam Forrester. Understand you took a trip with her, down here summer of '64. That's right. You ever see this letter ? Did someone give this to Miriam ? Name Cordell mean anything to you ? I knew he was angry, but... You knew the guy ? Most of the white residents saw us as invaders-- threatening their way of life. But they weren't the only ones who didn't want us around. "Will the Circle be Unbroken ?" by Jimmy Collier.</i> You pick a poem, Lavan ? "Mother to Son" ? "Life for me ain't been "no crystal stair. "It's had tacks in it, and splinters, "And boards torn up. "And places "with no carpet on the floor. "Bare. "But all the time I've been a-climbing on." I like that one. Penny, it's your turn. You choose the next poem. What's the matter ? One of the girls said she's writing a poem for me. Said it'd be done next week. I didn't have the heart to tell her I'll be long gone by then. Come on. Belinda, you're doing what you can. But they still need so much. We're here together at least. So, we'll double our efforts, and we'll make the most of the time that we have. Feel real proud of yourself, don't you ? Excuse me ? I've tried to go along with you do-gooders comin' down, but not anymore. Not with schools being burned. - That's not because of us. - Isn't it ? White volunteers like you come pass out pencils and all the sudden the Klan somehow knows - the locations of our schools. - We're here because we want to help the Freedom Schools. You willing to die for it ? We'd all be better off if you'd go back home and never come back. Two other schools he started were burned to the ground by the Klan. You know where to find him ? He teaches law at the university. Recognize her, Professor? One of the volunteers who came down the summer of '64, isn't she ? Miriam Forrester. Part of Wednesday's Women. Weren't exactly a fan of the group, were you ? What's it matter now ? Miriam was run down in Philly two days after leaving Hazelton. You think I had something to do with it ? She was the reason your Freedom Schools got bombed, right ? That's what you said the day you two had the shout-down. We know how upset you were, Professor. What happened to your brother. Kind of anger you must have been feeling ? Schools burning down only made it worse. No one gave a damn about the black folk being killed that summer. Only cared about finding those two white college boys. - What were their names ? - Goodman and Schwerner. Right. Goodman and Schwerner. Thing was, while the FBI's trawling the bogs for those white boys, they find seven other black men, murdered and tossed in the swamps like trash. They were relieved every time it was a black man. Not one of the white boys being found dead. Just another critter. Except one of those "critters" was your brother Keith. Got your DMV records. Inherited your brother's old station wagon after he died. What makes you think I cared enough to follow that woman up North ? Your own words. "I will hunt you down where you live." Your name was on that letter, Cordell. That's right. I gave her this letter. But I didn't write it. I know you think this is just a lark for me. That I'll compromise the work being... Surprised you're still here. I'm here because the people up North don't understand what's going on. 'Cause it don't matter to them. It matters to me. And to the people of Philadelphia... to the whole country. - Then show 'em this ! i will hunt you down where you live Someone gave this to you ? Get them every day practically. Paper my walls with 'em. People need to hear about this. You think it'll change anything ? It changed me. Come on! Everybody, come on! Hurry up. Come on. Come on. It's okay. I got you. Building was nothing but ashes after that. Any idea who did it ? Freedom Summer ? Klan membership in Hazelton went from a few hundred to 8,000. Too many to finger. Probably some with badges. Anyone see Miriam coming or going to the school ? Maybe the same person who threw that bomb. I thought she might've kept her word. Tried to tell the world what was really going on here. The thing is... she never got the chance. The things are everywhere. These burrs made a real mess of my hair when I was a kid. Red clay all over my clothes, mud between my toes. Sounds like a tomboy heaven. Think they'll ever find out who killed Cordell's brother. I think they'd rather forget it ever happened. Along with segregation, Jim Crow. Mmm, stuff Veronica will read about in her history books. Yeah. I just thank God she's growing up now. There were burrs in Miriam's clothes, right ? On her clothes and hair. What if she picked them up here ? In Hazelton ? Just like I did. But why would a lady like Miriam drive home 17 hours with burrs in her hair ? Miriam's injuries just weren't sitting right. I'm looking for anything so I pull the DMV records for Violet's '56 Studebaker. Car she drove to Mississippi ? Turns out she junks it at Meyer's Salvage, September '64, a few weeks after her trip. Scrapped her "pride and joy" ? She's trying to hide something. Miller was right. The burr found on Miriam's body was a Dixie tick trefoil Only found in Mississippi and four surrounding states. So how does a body with evidence from Mississippi end up in Philly ? Philly was the dump site. She was already dead. Violet got rid of her car 'cause it was used to transport a body. And all this time they've been covering it up. Whatever happened to that Studebaker, Violet ? I don't recall. Your "pride and joy." That's what Miriam called it. Sure you can't remember ? It was time for a Cadillac. Let me refresh your memory. Your precious Studebaker was in a scrap heap two weeks after your trip. There's red clay under Miriam's nails, burrs in her hair that only come from Mississippi. Now, what happened ?! We didn't kill her. But you brought Miriam's body back to Philly. We didn't know what else to do. We didn't even... know anything was wrong until we got the call. What call ? A man called Violet at her host's house and said he knew who we were and why we were there. Said we'd best come get Miriam. Get our black asses out of Hazelton before the same thing happened to us. Come to get Miriam where ? Tell me what happened, Violet. You don't have to keep this anymore. At the swamp. Miriam ? We were babies. Scared out of our minds. You didn't go for help ? I was naive enough to think we could. We got to get help. Call the cops. For all we know, it's the cops who did this. We got to go now ! The tire tracks ran off into the swamp. A hood ornament... from the car that hit Miriam ? I kept her glove all this time. Hasn't been a day in 40 years that... I haven't gone through it all in my mind, wondered how it could have been different. Knew a car couldn't have caused that wound on Miriam's skull. Hood ornament would have been too low. - But a truck could. - Only a couple of 'em - had fancy ornaments. - That a GMC Deluxe ? Yeah, and guess who reported one stolen in Hazelton, summer of '64. Why are we here ? You remember the truck you reported missing in '64, Jim ? We're gonna do you a solid, help you find it. We got an idea of where to look. Hidden at the bottom of the swamp. But you've always known where it was. - Now, wait a second. - Haven't you ? Summer of '64, every Tom, Dick, and Harry joined the Ku Klux Klan, took up arms. - You wanted to be one of 'em. - You're wrong about that. My family believed in equal protection for everybody. - Always had. - Your family, yes. But you weren't like your family. You weren't home on leave. You lied to your sister. You were thrown out of the Army for dishonorable conduct. Kicked out of high school. Couldn't keep a job at the sawmill. KKK was the only club that would have you. I made good over the years; I did a lot of good things. Don't change the past. Hiding behind white sheets, burning crosses, Molotov cocktails. The New South, right, Jim ? Miriam disappeared same night as your pickup. You find out what she was really up to, try to run her out of town ? We're gonna pull your truck out of the swamp, Jim. Talk now or the evidence is going to do the talking for you. I never meant that lady harm. What went wrong, Jim ? I thought she was... a silly housewife. Learned the hard way she was a lot more than that. Saw you buy those pencils at the five-and-dime yesterday. You ain't down here to sell Tupperware. Are you, Ms. Miriam ? I don't see the reason for us to be out here, Jim. I heard some fool firebombed another one of them colored schools. Shame, ain't it ? Funny thing is I could have sworn I saw you on that same road with a critter. I want you to take me home now. Hey, critter-lover. Where you going ? Hey, boys, y'all are just in time. Ms. Miriam was just about to tell me about that - colored school. - I don't know what you're talking about. I hear there's only one left. Now, tell us where it's at, real reason you're in Mississippi, and we can all just go home. Your sister told you why I'm here. - It's to sell Tupperware. - That's bull, and you know it. The women o-of Hazelton haven't had the pleasure of experiencing this revolutionary new product. W-When you close the lid, it makes a little burp. It's the signature sound: the sound of freshness. This is a damn joke. I-I used to spend hours in the kitchen, but now... Shut your mouth about the damn Tupperware! I saw the way you looked at that darky in town. You knew her. You ain't no Tupperware lady. I can tell you anything you want to know about the product becausI use it myself. Hey, where you going ? Is you some kind of idiot ? This lady don't know squat. Tell him. Would you tell him ? Before they leave ! Where do you think you're going ? Don't touch me. You're pathetic. I don't understand, Violet. Your friend was dead. Why didn't you go to the police, report what happened ? We did. We didn't stop till we got to Philly. We thought it'd be safe here. The North, right ? My name's Violet Golding. We've been on the road for hours. We need to talk to someone. - You with them ? - Excuse me ? I'm sorry; I-I know how strange this must seem, but if you'll just listen to... Hang on a sec. Now, are these women bothering you ? You're shaking like a leaf. Look, sit down. You two, come with me. But we have to do something. Oh, I'll take care of it. - Don't you worry. - Stop. Please. We have to tell you what happened. Two coloreds and a Jew walking into a police station at 3:00 A.M. ? Now, this is going to be good. Please... Violet. Come on. Let's just go. Come on. Les just get out of here. * This little light of mine * * I'm gonna let it shine * * This little light of mine * * I'm gonna let it shine * * This little light of mine * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Let it shine, let it shine * * Let it shine * * Everywhere I go * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Oh, everywhere I go * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Everywhere I go * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Let it shine, let it shine * * Let it shine * * Let it shine, let it shine * * L it shine * * Out in the dark * * Out in the dark * * I'm gonna let it shine * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Oh *</i> * Out in the dark * * Out in the dark * * I'm gonna let it shine * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Out in the dark * * Out in the dark * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Let it shine, let it shine * * Let it shine * * I'm gonna let it shine *</i> * Let it shine, let it shine * * Let it shine * * Even in my home * * Even in my home * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Oh, I'm gonna let it shine * * Even in my home * * Even in my home * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Oh, let it shine * * Even in my home * * Even in my home... * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Let it shine * * Oh *</i> * Let it shine * * Let it shine * * Oh, let it shine * * Let it shine * * Shine... shine * Let it shine, let it shine *</i> * Oh, let it shine * * Let it shine * * Oh... oh * Let it shine, let it shine *</i> * This little light of mine * * I'm gonna let it shine * * Let it shine, let it shine * * Let it shine * "The little light of mine" by Tracy Thoms