* This year, to save me from tears * * I'll give it to someone special * * Last Christmas, I gave you my heart * * But theery next day you gave it away * * You gave it away * * This year, to save me from tears * * I'll give it to someone special * * Special * Customers bothering you? People are so rude. And what's with the music? Christmas is over. I'm surprised you're not hiding out in the back room with the rest of them. I don't smoke. Makes my hair smell. Got anything going back to China? Going back to what? The manufacturer. You've never played the China game? What's that? First one to find something not made in China wins. Okay. "Made in China. " "China. " Uh-huh, "Made in Taiwan. " Same thing. No, it's not. Is it? * I wrapped it up and sent it * * With a note that say, "I love you" I meant it * * Now Inow what a fool I've been * I never noticed before. It's like everything's made in China. Kind of sad. Anything made here anymore? Well, let's see, thers me, there's you, and, uh, depending on how many kids we have... Ooh, you're sweet, but I got a boyfriend. It's all right. I got time. * I'll give it to someone special * * Special * * Last Christmas, I gave you my heart * * But the very next day you gave it away * * This year to save me from tears * * I'll give it to someone special... * With one fatality and a half dozen injured in the post-Christmas bombing at a local Big Box Electronics store, authorities are still searching for anyone who may have information that could help find the responsible party. The explosion occurred at 7:30 this morning. A pipe bomb planted in one of the open gym lockers. Half a dozen injured, one criticly. The guy who opened the locker? John Wojciechowski. Found his left hand embedded in the opposite wall. Air Foe Academy ring still on it. Pilo Not anymore. IED, Rush. A nasty little bitch in a box. What's that, Louie? "Improsed explosive device. " Um, trip wire-triggered pipe bb enclosed in some sort of wooden box. Packedith screws and nails, pieces of metal shpnel. Junk bomb. But not exactly a cold job. This one may be related to at least two, maybe three prior bombings in the city. Big Box Electronics store back in '99, engineering firmn '01 anCounty Hospital two years later. Signature is the same. There hasn't been a bomb fatality in Philadelphia in over, what, five years? Which is why we thought the guy who did this one was locked up or long gone. What, killed himself? Or maimed. Often happens to people who play with explosives. Or who go to the gym in the morning. The feds everlook into it? Looked, but never found a link. Attacks were local, never used the mail; federal jurisdiction. Any connectionbetween the targets? Public places, but otherwisepretty indiscriminate. So, we have no idea what this lunatic wants or where he's gonna hit next. Just that he's alive and well. And back with a vengeance. ±¾×ÖÄ»½ö¹©Ñ§Ï°½»Á÷£¬ÑÏ½ûÓÃÓÚÉÌÒµÓÃÍ¾ -==http://www.ragbear.com==- COLD CASE S05E12</font> -=ÆÆÀÃÐÜ×ÖÄ»×é=- Ê±¼äÖá£ºÆÈÕ¥¶þÈË×é</font> I wajust looking for that shirt. And here I was beginning to think you were a vampire. Why's that? First time you stayed till sunup. I'm not sure how much longer we're gonna be able to keep this on the down low. People are talking. Really? Who? How about that? Never met a DA afraid of publicity. Depends what kind. Lady's got a reputation, you know. Oh, just when I thought I'd try to make an honest woman out of you. Get real. You haven't even bought me breakfast yet. Well, how about dinner? I know theperfect place. I was kinda enjoying the skulking around stage. Dinner? That might involve having a real conversation. Well, that's why they invented wine. You sure you want to spoil it just when things were going so well? We're adults. I'm sure we'll find something to talk about. You mean besides dirtbags and doers? I'm gonna have to requisition that shirt now, lady. Initial forensics confirm the bomb contained parts consistent with the three other attacks. Two dead and two critically maimed over a nine-year period. Not a lot of help from the feds in any of the cases. Or willingness to share information. Big surprise. Locations? Victims? Big Box Electronics store back in '99. Curt Fitzpatrick, floor manager, 21, died on the scene. Kinetic Core Engineering firm, 2001. Gene Schmidt, 42-year-old father of three blinded by a bomb outside the building. Survived. Roderick Poole didn't. 30-year-old physician's assistant killed at Coun Hospital back in 20. And now Wojciechowski at a Sports Club. Recently engaged commercial airline pilot. Targets are scattershot, no common denominator. Except wronglace, wrong time. But all in public places with a lot of foot traffic. Could be the locations he's targeting. Claim as many victims as possible. One angry sociopath. Bomb construction tell us anything? Some trigger mechanism. Not your garden-variety crackpot mixing fertilizer and ammonia. Louie and the bomb squad are putting together a full analysis of the parts. We've got a fresh crime scene for once. We line up interviews with every witness? Except the night-cleaning crew. The manager of the Sports Club is stonewalling. You don't think he might be subcontracting the work out to illegals? Told him he doesn't give us every last name, we'll bring in ICEand shut him down. Let's keep this in our house. We don't need the feds coming in now to muck things up. Just called thhospital. Our pilot's out of surgery. After he sees his family, anything he can remember. It was like a thunderclap. I didn't know what hit me. I know this is hard, John, but if there's anything you remember, it might help. Everything juswent blank. Came to when I was on the ground. Reached down to prop myself up, but... ...couldn't. Me and Jen just bought our wedding rings, too, you know? You see anyone suspicious in the area befohand Looked out of place? Didn't belong? No. When I got my hearing back, there was this awful ringing. I heard this whistling sound. Whistling? All the chaos, I couldn't tell where it was coming from. I know I was going into shock, but I swear that I heard somebody whistling. Who the hell would do that? You get a look at that guy? Not a good one. He... had, like, a cap pulled down tight. That song, sound familiar? Not really. You think that was the guy that did this to me? 's possible the bomber stayed nearby... to see if it worked. Well, if you catch him, you tell the bastard that I'm still alive. It's Angel Perez, Mexican illegal. Got his na off the night-cleaning crew list from the manager of the Sports Club. Whe'd you find him? Sacks Park. Tried to skate when we ID'd him. He's pretty upset right now. Doesn't speak a word of English. Yeah, we'll see about that. Pretty sure I speak a language he'll understand. Hey... You want to tell me why you ran from the police? Me entiende? Habla pañol? No? So, no habla Ingles and you can't understand my Spanish, is that the game? Right. I got a cousin that works in IC Here's the deal, amigo. Either you tell me everything you saw in the next ten secondsor wbounce your sorry ass out on the next bus to the border. Oye, Jorgito... No. No, it's okay. Wait. Sorry. You got something you want to tell me? Sí, sí, entiendo, um. i> I understand. Hold on a sec, will ya? It'sot what I see. It's what I hear. A music box? Minute later, bomb go off, same locker. Everything go crazy. I get scared, I run. I thought it was my fault. Sit tight. We're going to need you to give an exact description of that box. Gracias, Angel. An old music box? The bomb delivery device. Kind with the brass cylinder inside, turns and plays a song. Almost all music boxes were made of wood at the turn of the century. Can't be too many companies still in business making those. I found one company in Vermont that still supplies parts. Nice old lady told me that they sell cylinders that play mostly American standards. And that ather customer in Philly ordered multiple cylinders all playing the same song: "John Henry. " "John Henry. " That could have been the song playing on the box. Well, I asked the DA's office to subpoena their purchasing records. John Henry, steel-driving man. I remember that story as a kid. Railroad guy with the hammer, right? Yeah, raced against a steam drill tunneling through a mountain. Yeah, and John Henry won. Then he keeled over and died. It means something to this guy. Man versus machine? Maybe a disgruntled, anti-government type. Could be a militia nut job. Doesn't exactly connect the locations. Purchaser's nameis Carl Baxter. Paid with a credit card. Shipping address is Mantua. Already got you a search warrant for the residence. Anything else you need on this, let me know. Call SWAT and the bomb squad. Let's go. Nobody home. Better pray for no surprises. Over here Look familiar? Fitzpatrick, Schmidt and Poole. All his previous victims. Not so random after all. Wasn't the locations he was targeting. It was individuals. Wedding announcement: Luke and Beth Ross. That's ten years old. Luke Ross. That name was on the Sports Club member list. This guy belongs to the gym, too? No photo. Nothing on Wojciechowski. Our bomber hit the wrong guy? If hat's the case, he's got some unfinished business. Yeah, and we just found his next target. ??? dusted for prints. Got the whole block staked out. Nothing from the canvass? Building management thinks he's a squatter. What about the guy in the wedding photo announcement? Luke Ross, portfolio manager. Lives in Chestnut Hill. What have we got? Music box. Home entertainment system, circa 1900. Brass cylinder, thousand little teeth turn and slowly pluck a metal comb, out comes the music. Bomb squad said the cylinder was rigged to trigger the explosion. Trip wire. Triggers an electric fuse after a full revolution. After the song ends. People admire the craftsmanship, want to touch the box. Soon as they open it... Starts the song, arms the bomb. Took some serious electro-mechanical skill to rig one of these with a pipe bom What about the song? John Henry's the underdog, a David and Golih story. It's also a protest song. Against the machine. Or management. Production efficiency at the expense of the worker. "Say before I let this steam drill beat me down, I'll hammer my fool self to death. " John Henry died with a hammer in his hand. He beat the machine, but killed himself doing it. This g thinks his cause is noble. And he's got something to prove. With his own pretty little killing machine. Does that have real bullets in it? Mia, why don't you go watch The Pink Panther now? Okay.</i> You're a financial planner, Mr. Ross? Yeah. But I'veever had so much as a dispute with a client. Anyone else you know might be holding a grudge? Personal or otherwise? No. No one at all. You concur, Mrs. Ross? There was that one call, Luke. You remember? What call? A couple of monthsgo. The one from the bank, about our credit card. It was nothing. No. It was definitely something. Can you just tell us if you have any recurring, monthlcharges on the card, ma'a Certainly. Newspapers, DVD rental subscription, my husband's monthly gym membership. Yes. And the name of that facility? Philly Sport & Racquet Club. Right. And were there any other additional charges to that business that you're aware of? Other than the monthly membership? Oh. There may be charges to the juice bar. And those charges would occur...? In the morning, around 7:00, every Tuesday and Thursday. Thank you, ma'am, Just a few more questions. Is your husband still employed at Mutual Heritage Bank? Yes. Why? Well, it must be nice to make a living off thbacks of others. Excuse me? I hope you and your husband are enjoying your new purchases. Love the blue curtains, by the way. Who is this? Police said they couldn't do anything about a prank call. That's how the bomber knew Luke's routine when he went to that gym. I just didn't go yesterday 'cause I took Mia to school. I was upset by the call at the time, but to think I could have gotten my husband killed... You have any idea what the caller might have meant by that comment about how you make a living? No. We'll chk your phone records, see if we can trace the call. I don't understand. Why is this happening to us? For your own safety, we'll provide your fily with a police detail. Bomber called his targets posing as a credit card rep. To get their daily routines, habits. Went after them in public places. Make it seem random. Ross got lucky. Wojciechowi, not so much. That info stays here. Press doesn't know he missed his intended target, maybe our kier doesn'either. No sense endangering Ro. A dump on the Ross home phone traced the harassing call back to a pay phone at the 20th Street train station. He's on the move. Worth a canvass. Check the station'scurity cameras. Carl Baxter isn't going anywhere. I subpoenaed the credit card app toet his Social Security number. Turns out the real Carl Baxter is upstate in Frackville. Been locked up sce '. Philly's finest. Is there a reason for the cell and strip search, feas? So you don't spontaneously combust. What gives? I don't use and I n't deal. Ask anyone inside. Use what? Methamphetamine. What y'all locked me up for. Distribution. Says you used to drive a truck cross-country. California. Crank capital. Wasn't me that brought it in, it would have been someone else. Also spent some time in the military. Judge gave me a choice when I was 18- Army or jail. Can't say it helped much. Is that where you learned about munitis? Demolition, explosives? No. Talking about pipe bombs, Carl. Pipe what? Y'all are smoking some better stuff than I ever had. You graduate high school, Carl? I'm working on my GED. Forget it. This guy's a lummox. A what? Don't worry about it. Someone stole your identity, pal. Just can't figure out why he picked you. Whoa, whoa, hold up. Turn around. Hold your arms out. John. Henry. Yeah. My two boys. All but grown up now. He stole that big galoot's identity for a reason. The song, the tattoo. Maybe he did time with Baxter? Baxter's been locked up for 12 years. Never shared a cell. No one on Cell Block D at Frackville even comes close to the profile. So why Baxter? It's like he leading us, trying to tell us something. About John Henry? Who fought to prove something, that he still had value as a han being. To protect his job, his way of life. This guy's angry. He's lashing out at some personal beef, some wrong. Something he lost? Checked with Pennsylvania Department of Corrections to see if a third party could have accessed Baxter's booking info. Webmaster on the site found a number of hits to Baxter's profile page. Came back to a local branch of the Philadelphia Public Library. Yes, Mr. Bteris here quite a bit. Such a nice man. Uslly on the computer? The Internet? From time to time. But,ostly, he likes to sit over there at that table reading or sring at the photos on the wall. Lil. Look at the captio "John Henry Road, 1976." Where is that? Germantown, I think. The section with the streets named after the builders of the Pennsylvania Railroad. I only know because Mr. Baxter told me that he grew up on that block. Here ya go. Home sweet home. Just like you remembered it. John Henry Road, huh? Check out the sign. It's what he's been trying to tell us. The place where he grew up. Gone...??? ??? discovered a legal battleover a property on the street back in '96. The home was occupied by Alessandro Rossilini, ok over the mortgage after his father died and refused to sell. Developers call it a spike. A spike? Lone holdout on a residential street undergoing commercial development. Records indicate Rossilini clung to the property until he defaulted on the mortgage and the bank foreclosed. The use was finally razed? Back in '99, about the same time Rossilini went off the grid. Pixelerator Media took over the property, but never wound up breaking ground. By the time the litigation ended, the tech market crashed. Started outsourcing their computer programmers overseas. What do we know about Rossilini? Worked ten years at Kinetic Core Engineerin laid off in '97. Same firm as Eugene Schmidt, bomb survivor '01. Rossilini losehis job, wants payback. We know if he has any family in town? Divorced in '99. Had a four-year-old daughter at the time. All right, talk to Schmidt, track down the ex-wife. See if she knows where we might find him today. Hey, boss, you'll be sure to give us a ads up, right? What's that? When they start outsourcing murder cops. I left Kinetic Core after the attack. Took me a while before I could walk back into any office. Bomb went off outside, the courtyard? I lost sight in my right eye. But then, it made me quit smoking. You remember a mechanical engineer named Alessandro Rossilini? Why? You thinhe did this to me? You rememberou let him go, right? Along with about 20 other guys in h division. I was senior VP project design. It wasn't personal. But he didn't take it too well? He was a good engineer, but... most of them never saw it coming. I just don't understand. I thought you were happy with my work. It's got nothing to do with your performance. We're being forced to restructure our overhead costs. But we're profitable every year. And it's my job to keep it that way. Look, you might want to think abouretraining, you know, another area of expertise. I'm a mechanical engineer with a master's. I have 15 years experience. We're opening a new plant in Bangalore, training enginrs to do computer-aided design at one-fifth the salary. You just can do this to people. Look, you're not hearing me, Alessandro. Your skills have been commodified. We're not the on company doing it. I have a wife, a kid. I have a mortgage. Take the severance. Use the time to find some temp work until you figure out something else. But those jobs were headed overseas and they weren't coming back. Honestly, I haven't talked to my ex-husband in years. Pretty much since the divorce. What did he doter he was fired? Alessandro just went into a spiral, trying to find a decent job at even half the salary, much less benefits. But you have a daughter, right? He didn't petition for custody, visitation? What? We lost our heal insurance some time before my daughter got sick. Sick? Bilateral retinoblastoma. It's a treatable cancer if it'caught early enough. How old was your daughter? Four. We both were working overtime, but we couldn't keep up with our health premium. What about Medicaid? We qualified but... it just bame increasingly difficult to find the kind of care that Sophia needed. * Caught in your mystery... * Oh, excuse me. Excuse me, sir? Sir? I said excuse me. Are you a doctor? A nurse? No, I'm a physician's assistant. Oh, hi. I'm-I'm a father of a four-year-old girl who's been waiting in that room for over two hours now. I'm sorry, sirWhat's your name Uh, I already gave thato everybody here, like, my name and information, like, five times. Okay, well, then what you need to do is just be patient with us, all right? Excuse me, but my daughter... she's been waiting in that room for a long time in pain, okay? Waiting for a doctor, a nurse, a physician's assistant or anyone to just come and see her. Sir. I understand. I'm sorry, our computers are down. You're gonna have to be patient and wait your turn. See, I don't care about the computers. I just want a human being to give my daughter something for her pain. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience. You have insurance. You're welcome to try another hospital. Wait, that's your answer? To go somewhere else? What kind of care is this? Sir, let go of my arm. If the damn insurance company would've screened my daughter a year ago, we would've started the chemo then. And then the cancer wouldn't have spread through her entire body. I'm sorry, sir, but that has nothing to do with me. Oh, no, you're sorry for what? That the computers are down. Look... we're doing the best we can. The hell you are! The hell you are! This whole damn system, it just doesn't work! Your best isn't good enough. That's victim number two, physician's assistant at County. Roderick Poole. Sophia was too far along. She passed six months later. When did Alessandro leave? I left him. When our daughter died, our marriage died, too. Any idea where he could've gone? I always assumed he went to go live with his brother Luciano. His brother. You know where we can contact him? I'm sorry. It, uh... it's just... it's been a long time. What's the DA doing here? He called in the feds. The FBI's here? Oh, you st missed thbig press conference. DA announced a joint task force with the FBI. "Presently conducting an investigation "to locate the whereabouts of the person of interest. " "In cooperation with the Philadelphia Police Department. " Of course. Forgot the best part. "The tasforce has already "collaborated to thwart the bomber's attack on an intended target. " You're kidding me. Do you believe this? That info was stricted to protect Luke Ross. Was. The boss already sent Vera and Miller to beef up the security detail. Can I talk to you? You brought the ds in? No, my boss did. Yeah. And just revealed to the press that our bomber missed his last target. Thanks for thaScotty, it's pretty clea you needed help bringing this guy in. That's a bunch of bull. It's a joint task force. It's a joke. Look, the feds don't share information, they just taket. They're not on the ground, doing the legwork, dealing with the victims. You need to look at the big picture, Scotty. Last I checked, this guy is still out there. Look, where I come from, we try not to turn witnesses into collateral damage. That's the big picture. My job is to put this guy away. That's not my problem. You know, if he goes back to finish Ross now, his blood's on your hands. I tracked down the name of the bomber's brother on Accurint. Luciano Rossilini legally changed his name back in '98. Luke Ross? - Same guy he tried to Kill? - ??? ???? long before I changed it legally. What about your last name, Luciano, that too Italian? Or you just running from something? In my line of work, it w just easier to shorten it when I switched jobs. We think you knew about it all along. That the man we've been searching for is your brother. Alessandro. What's, it's ridicous. Oh, come on, the harassing phone call to your wife. What he said. All he'd been through, how angry and bitter he'd become. Look, my brother... has fallen on some hard times of late, t he's not a violent man. The bomb he left for you just blew off another man's arm. You got lucky this time, Luke. I admit we had a falling out. But he's still my brother. Look, you looked up to him as a kid. But your brother needs help now, Luke. He was like a hero to me growing up. He had that job and the house, beautiful family... But he lost it all. Got dealt some pretty raw blows. His whole wod just fell apart. Do you know where he is now? Last time I saw him, he was holed up in our parents' old house. Couldn't get him out. Sandro, we got to talk. You got to get out, Sandro. They're coming to tear the place down. You have to let it go. Do I know you? I know things have been hard... what you've gone through. You think you know what I've been through. I'm sorry. You don't know anhing about loss or sacrifice. But Dad knew. He was out of work when he made us this music box for Sophia for Christmas. Look at the detail. I remember. The craftsmanship. He found the time toreate things of lasting value, things with integrity. Dad had a lot of pride in his work. Like the tile work at the 20th Street station. The stonework on this house. This was... this was our parents' dream. It's our legacy. Things change. Remember he always used to tell us the story of John Henry? He tried to warn us to work with our brains rather than our backs. And so I did. We both did. I got an education... a good job... I tried to do good work, and in the e, it just doesn't matter. I'm disposable, like everything is now. And now you want to let them tear down the street that we grew up on, so they can build, what? They can sell people, what? Crap that nobody needs. The street's gone, Sandro. Not everything's meant to last forever. So just give up and let them have the house that I raised my daughter in? It's time to move on. You... You are perfect for this world, little brother. Making money off the bas of others. You're going to have to pay the mortgage, 'cause I'm not giving you any moreoney. You're not my brother. Get out of my house. * Who am I? * He stayed untithe bulldozers finally came. I don't know where he went after that. He mentioned the train station- the one your father worked on. It's the 20th Street station. My dad did the tile work there. The same station the call came from the pay phone. There's SWAT and bomb squad en route, boss. Security camera at the station picked him up on a bench. He hasn't moved in over an hour. I'll have them stop the train lines, seal the station. Have Vera and Miller give Mr. Ross a ride back home. I'm comingith you. My brother's there. He might talk to me. Get him a vest. Keep him behind the shield in case we need him. He's got something on his lap. I'm going to make an approach. Lieutenant Stillman, Alessandro. Call me John. I used to come heremetimes with my father and I'd just sit here. It always calmed me. You father did beautiful work. That's when people took pride in it, when they built things to last. He always said it was better to be the guy who designed it, but... they don't even do that anymore. He sounds like a man of integrity. Who knew it'd all come down to this? You did, Alessandro. But you can stop it right now. It never stops, never stops, never, never. At first I thought I'd gone mad. But then I realized it wasn't me. It's the world that's gone mad. Everything that's happened, all you lost... you n't bring that back. You become numb, disconnected, conditioned to accept every... every indignity. Disposable. Is that really what this is all about It's never anyone's fault. Never. "I'm jusdoinmy job. 's no personal. It's just business. " But is is personal, isn't it? When it's your family? People have to answer for what they do. I gave them all a chance again and again. Put the box down, Alessandro. But you can only get pushed down so far before you have to stand up and tell them you have value. * Last Christmas, I gave you my heart * Curt? * But the very next day you gave it away * * This year, to save me from tears * What's the problem now, sir? The prlem is that this thing doesn't work. What is it? It's a shower radio. You have a receipt? What's wrong with it? As soon  it got wet, the radio broke. Piece of crap, huh? What did you say? I'm sorry, but it's after 30 days. So what? So we can't accept any returns after  days, unless you purchased an in-store extended warranty. You must be joking. I wish I was. You can send it back to the manufacturer. It's still under their warranty. To where, Taiwan? I mean, it would cost me more to ship it there than what it's worth. I'm sorry, sir. Uh, next in line. No, no, just a minute, just a minute. No, see, if you were truly sorry, you would stand by the product and just give me my money back. I don't make the rules, sir. So that's it? Just send it back to the manufacturer? You're sure that this is the way you want to handle this? Look, man, you're right, it's going to cost you less just to toss it and buy a new one. What the hell kind of product is that? Disposable. I'm sorry you feel that way. I'm sorry, sir, I can't help you. Then I can't help you. * But iyou kissed me now * Next in line. * Last Chstmas, I gave you my heart * * The very next day... * Sometimes you have to wake people up. Make them realize how we've all been diminished. Even the innocent? No one's innocent. No one. We're all... we're all complicit in this... in this mess. People need to be made to understand... About loss. You used to bring your daughter here. Isn't that really what this is about? All the blame... clinging to everything in the past? People expect you toove on. Yeah, but you can't. It's not natural to outlive your own child. But you can't destroy this place. All your father built. No, I would ner do that. 's not there. The bomb's not there. But nothing lasts forever. Mom, Mom, I've got to show you something. Hello. Oh, hi, Mom. No, we're fine. Mom, I got the coolest thing at school day in my cubby. Look. Where's your wife now? Picking up Mia from school. She should be home by now. What's going on? It's okay, Mom. We have police watching us wherever we go. Vera, answer damn it. Yeah. Get them out of the house. How could you? How could you do this?! How could you do this?! How could you do this?! * I'm holding on your rope * * Got me ten feet off the ground * * And I'm hearing what you say * * But I just can't make a sound * * You tell me that you need me * * Then you go and cut me down * * But wait * * You tell me that you're sorry * * Didn't think I'd turn around * * And say that * * It's too late to apologize * * It's too late * * I said it's too late to apologize * * It's too late * * It's too late * * Ooh * * I'd take another chance * * Take a fall, take a shot foyou * * Oh * * And I need you like a heart needs a beat * * But it's nothing new * * Yeah, yeah * * I loved you with the fire red * * Now it's turning blue * * And you say * * Sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you * * But I'm afraid * * It's too late to apologize * *t's too late * * I said it's too late to apologize *