and a son finn. They want to meet you. I don't like you, John. You ever mess with someone under my command again... What you gonna do, John ? I will beat the ever- Loving crap out of you. Are you asking me out on a date ? What do you say ? You going to feed me first ? Got you, Moe. Took another look at those campus car records. It was you who checked out one of those cars. You put that girl in a box ! I put you there, too, sweetheart. You panicked when my partner got too close. Ran her off the road in that same car. " I got a woman" by Ray Charles.</i> ................ Look at her, Grace. She's bigger than all of south Philly. It's not too late to change our minds, darcy. You kidding ? Two weeks sipping wine in france, a trip back on her last atlantic crossing ever. This is going to be the adventure of a lifetime. - Henry ? - Darcy, wait. What are you waiting for ? Go. Henry, what are you doing here ? Couldn't just let you go. Come on, let's talk about this. - We already talked. - I just thought maybe if you saw this... Even had it engraved, see ? "D.C. from H.S." Henry, I-I can't, I... Keep it. You'll come to your senses once you get this dumb trip out of your system. I've got to go. You've never been outside of Philly. All of a sudden you're shipping off to Europe ? - You think you're the queen of England ? - Good-bye, Henry. Darcy, wait. I'm done waiting for you. Did you actually ever see my client at the wheel of the vehicle that you claim ran your car off the bridge on may 6, 2009 ? - No. - So your accusations are based solely on circumstantial evidence. Well, the evidence being three speeding tickets for Moe Kitchener on the school-owned vehicle, neighbors testifying he parked the suburban at his house every night - except the night he was dumping... - Your Honor... - ... Kate Butler's body in Germantown. - Your honor ! Paint scrapings and dents are an exact match to the damage on my car, not to mention the 12 stitches on the back of my skull. Your Honor ! The school may have owned the vehicle on paper, but it was your client's car, - and everyone knew it. - Your honor, move that detective Rush's last two statements be struck from the record. You opened the door, counselor. - I do all right ? - Tore that jackwipe a new one. - Nice job, Lil. - Should have seen the look on major Moe's face when you went off like that. Knocked that smirk off his ugly mug. You did good. Well, it'd be better if we had you up there. Yeah. I begged the D.A. to let me have it, but attempted homicide on a police officer in bucks county carries more weight than the Philly charges. What the hell is he staring at ? 20 to life with any luck. Come on. SS Americana. They called her "the Big A." Fastest ocean liner ever built. Thing's been rusting away on the pier long as I can remember. Decommissioned in '66. Before jets took over, this was the way to travel to Europe in style. Styling or not, couldn't drag me out on a boat for that long. - Never got your sea legs, Scotty ? - I'm seasick just thinking about it. New owners are working her over, trying to refit her for service again. Came across this last night. Bag of bones in a red dress. Salvage operations stripped everything else down to the metal, but this engine room was sealed off 40 years ago. Navy-built state secret. So nobody gets in or out. Till now. Take a look at her neck, Lil. "D.C. from H.S." D.C. Matches a passenger named Darcy Curtis. It was reported she jumped overboard during the ship's final crossing. Missed the water by a few hundred yards. Big A was known as "the suicide ship." The jumpers would leave their shoes on the deck. Nobody really knows why. No shoes here. Master-at-arms found them against the "suicide rail" morning she went missing, couple hours before they docked. Shoes on the deck, body stuffed in the engine room. Suicide ship's starting to look more like a murder ship. COLD CASE Saison 7 Épisode 01 Synchro : Cold Team from Italians sub addicted</b> The crossing M.E. report's back. Dental records confirm remains are darcy curtis. - Broken neck from the fall. - It's a remote area of the ship. Somebody would have to know their way around pretty good to find it. This the whole file ? Captain's incident report from the suicide investigation ? Passenger lists, crew reports, all in private hands now. It's weird leaving shoes like that. Nice kicks. Shame to get them wet. Telegram sent from the ship to Darcy's boyfriend in Fishtown, Henry Speck. "I can't." Can't what ? Swim ? Speck gave a statement, said he thought it was Darcy saying no to his marriage proposal. Till he heard she disappeared. Died in '98. The telegram had a time-stamp. Sent at 4:04 am. 42 minutes later, she's reported lost at sea by the master-at-arms. Her traveling companion, Grace Stearns, confirms she was missing later that morning. Id'd her off the shoes. Lil and scotty are talking to her now. We knew each other from when we were kids. Morning Darcy disappeared, you remember when you last saw her ? Night before. I had gone to bed early. Darcy was more the life of the party. But she never came back to our room. Darcy's boyfriend, Henry Speck, got a telegram morning she was killed. Says "I can't." It's the only thing he had to go on all these years. Trying to figure out why she did it. I guess it's not a suicide note anymore. - Henry had proposed to her ? - In a telegram, while we were on the ship. I was so excited for her. My late husband, Chester, he was Henry's cousin. - But she said no. - Why's that ? She meet another guy on the ship ? There was a man she was after on that ship. Just not in the way you think. "We don't see eye to eye" by RAY CHARLES.</i> Since you got that telegram, you've been nothing but doom and gloom. Darcy, what is it ? I've just been thinking. How beautiful Paris was. The art, the people who live there. Everyone with their hand out waiting for a tip. I mean, Chester was right. The french are completely ungrateful. Here, read it yourself. "Marry me." Darcy ! Henry finally proposed ! Yeah, in a telegram. Well, who cares ? All you have to do now is say yes. Aren't you happy ? It's what you always wanted. I know. That's what I keep telling myself. And then... You don't see any of those parisian women waiting around for a man. They're off at museums, reading, talking to friends in cafe's. Not more of that feminism jargon. We are from Philly, Darcy. France is... France. "Captain's ballroom" I don't know, Grace. Do you ever just... feel like you could do better ? Darcy, listen to me. Henry is one of the last good men. They don't come along every day, and when they do, you gotta snap them up and be grateful. Like you and Chester ? He let me come along here with you, didn't he ? Darcy ! Darcy, come back ! I don't know what she did to that man, but she came back a few minutes later with the necklace. She say anything about how she got it ? Said she just flat out demanded it. It sounds like he knew his way around. Is it possible he worked on the ship ? Well, he wore those, uniform pants and those shoes they all wore. Rough-looking guy. When did this happen ? Day after we left Southampton. Didn't faze Darcy, but me, I-I never left the room after that. Ship enthusiast wants a court order for me look at any of her stuff. Took all the charm I got just to talk her out of this box. Looks like you hit the big a mother lode. Every passenger manifest, crew list, captain's log from the SS Americana. Check it out. Kitchen worker : Cotter Doyle, picked up by the sergeant-at-arms on the final voyage. Petty theft, stealing cash and jewelry in tourist class. Detention in quarters the last day of the trip. Doyle's quarters are on the same deck as the engine room. So Darcy reports the guy; suddenly he's cooling his heels 50 feet from where the body's found. Guys. Judge is back. All rise. Sit. Bailiff, bring in the defendant. - What's he doing in street clothes ? - What the hell ? Not good. Given the defendant's lack of previous legal entanglements, his stature in the community, and his lengthy and laudable military service, the commonwealth's request for bail at $1 million seems excessive. In light of these facts, and major Kitchener's perceived lack of flight risk, I'm going to grant defense's motion for bail reduction. Trial date to be determined. The defendant is released, sign own bond. Bailiff, uncuff the major. Thank you, Your Honor. He's walking. Had the son of a bitch on the ropes. Pritchard and the judge are both ex-military. May be a case for judicial bias, but it's bucks county's call. Should have done it in Philly, kept it close to home. All misdemeanors in philly. He'd be walking anyway. You said they had the case to keep him in jail till the trial. We have any recourse ? File a motion, something ? We got nothing. He's out till they get a conviction. What kind of chance we got of that now ? Come on, guys. You can't control the judges. You know that. All I know is the guy who tried to kill me is on the street. Bad day ? Matter of fact, yeah. But let's try and keep my bad day from becoming your bad day. - Either way, it beats working. - Working. A 60-something-year-old bellboy. That's a stellar career track, Doyle. Rehabilitative opportunity. Mind my ps and qs, maybe I get to stay on this side of the bars for a while. Booted off the big a for sticky fingers in '66. You got 20 theft counts on your record since. What the hell's the matter with you ? It's medical. I got a condition. Pathological kleptomania. I can't help myself. That what happened with Darcy Curtis back on the SS Americana ? Who ? I don't know any Darcy Curtis. No ? 'cause we got a witness putting you in her stateroom with your condition. Now, she came after you. A day later, she winds up dead. 50 feet from where you were "detained in quarters." Murdered ? They-they said she jumped. Yeah, off a landing in the engine room. Walk me through this, Doyle. All right. She files a report against your thieving ass, - and it stirs up a mess of trouble... - No report. She didn't want trouble. But there was something she wanted. "What'd I say" by Ray Charles.</i> Give it. What, are you crazy ? It's just a hunk of silver to you. All right. No hard feelings then ? I ought to turn you in. I'm hooked in on this ship. - Anything you want, I can get it. - Really ? Tickets to a show ? Private tour, extra towels ? You name it. Captain's ballroom. Oh, you want to go shake it with the mucket-mucks. I can get you in the busboy entrance. - When ? - Tonight. So I just... show up ? Lady, all you need are the right shoes and the right attitude. Miss thang. She had the attitude covered. That's for sure. You saying she didn't turn you in ? You can ask the first class head steward. Commodore tightass. Gave me hell for sneaking her in there. Know where she got the snazzy shoes ? Nope. But if she had been wearing those in the captain's ballroom that night, she would have never got caught. Come here. You defended me. - What ? - Bucks county courthouse, 2:14 pm. You defended me. - No I didn't. - You totally did. What's your point, Curtis ? Nothing. Just, you won't go out on a second date with me, but you will go to bat for me in front of your crew. I didn't say I wouldn't go out with you again. You're just not returning my calls. I thought you didn't use voice mail. Come on, Kat. I thought... I thought we had a good dinner. Good conversation. - Great wine. - Right ? - '90 bordeaux. - Perfect with the filet. Yeah. So, what the hell happened ? You took me home and you didn't even... I mean, I thought we had a thing, and then I wasn't sure. And I just... Look, I don't have a lot of time. . I got a kid, and so do you. You know, I don't know.. So ? What do you say ? Uh, yeah. All right, then. Good. Um, got to go. What's up with Miller ? Good question. - What do you got ? - Those shoes left on the deck ? Turns out they're Gloria marks. - What, designer ? - One of a kind. Very expensive. Exclusively sold two places : a boutique in Milan and on board the SS Americana. Too rich for Darcy's steerage budget. Question is, who bought Cinderella her slippers ? Found our first class head steward. Crew log has him as Geoffrey Manning. He's standing right next to Darcy. Opportunity to spare. Knew the ship, the engine room... Works as a maitre D' at Gibbs steakhouse on Rittenhouse square now. Gibbs ? Same family that owned the liner company that ran the Big A ? The one and only. I've been trying to get a reservation there for years. They're always booked. I got this one. Go get' em, tiger. Allow me to check our reservation book I'm sorry, sir, but that night is completely booked, as well. I'm so sorry. Right. What can I do for you, detective ? - That obvious, huh ? - It's the shoes. You remember this lady ? Name's darcy curtis. You want to look at it ? Or is that like your little trick with the nonexistent reservation book ? I'm sure you can see that I'm very busy. Falling all over yourself keeping the Gibbs family happy. - First on their ship, now here. - It's called loyalty, detective. And it's a two-way street. Well, I ain't in a hurry. I'm just going to call up a few of my... Cheap shoe-wearing buddies, knock back a few at the bar. Carpet's treated for fluids, right ? I remember her. Mixed-up girl. She jumped overboard on our last voyage. - Very sad. - Found her yesterday in the engine room, her body stuffed under a stairwell. Heard you booted her out of the captain's ballroom night before she died. Same night as that picture. Well, I did see her that night, but I wasn't the one who gave her a problem. Where did you get this outfit ? It's perfectly obscene. Those shoes. I know who you are. You-you do ? They told me the Countess of Montpensier was travelling incognito. Oh, don't worry. No one will recognize you in that. Your secret is safe with me. There you are, darling. I've been looking all over for you. - You're with the countess ? - Duke... of wilkes-Barre. Now, if you'll excuse us... That woman is an insufferable gossip. I figured I'd spare you, seeing that you're... - New to the scene. - I beg you pardon. Didn't you hear ? I'm a countess. Well... That's not going to save you from that officious steward headed over to boot you out on your royal ass. Piano, quick. - Think you can keep up ? - Please. Don't you read your society pages ? "People will say we're in love" by Ray Charles.</i> Grace ? After that, I didn't have the heart to kick her out. Things had been going so well before her friend became... - chemically inconvenienced. - What about this "duke" ? - Piano man got a name ? - Not sure. Ship had no shortage of eligible bachelors that night. Miss Curtis's singing made quite an impression. You ever see her again after that night ? She left a few minutes later. I never saw her or her charming friend again. Heard about what happened in court today, Lil. He smiled at me. The bastard smiled at me, boss. You let it get personal, Lil, it could get messy. It's already messy. Guy ran me off the road. And now he's walking. Just do your job. Let the rest work itself out. - I'm not sure I can do that. - Well, find a way. You've got to get past this, Lil. Moe will get his day. Were you a happily married woman back in '66, Grace ? Well, of course. Chester was one of the last good men. You ever cheat on him ? What kind of question is that ? We heard about you hooking up with some tosspot casanova from first class, slinking down to his room. Oh, my God. I can see why you didn't bring that up - last time we talked. - That wasn't me. That was the liquor. It's the first time I ever drank like that. You worried about Darcy keeping a lid on it ? Afraid she'd tell Chester about your night of romance ? Darcy didn't judge me for it. She said I was hard enough on myself. I was so ashamed. The guy darcy was hanging with at the party, - you ever catch his name ? - No, she never told me. But whoever he was, he was trouble. "Hide nor hair" by Ray Charles.</i> "Dear countess of Montpensier..." Thank you. "...the duke of Wilkes-Barre requests the honor of your presence at dinner for two on the ship's private deck." Oh ! Isn't it romantic ? I can only wonder what he wants in return. Oh, please, Grace. Let me enjoy this. Oh ! If only it were that easy. Where are the seasick pills ? What are these ? Nothing. Birth control pills ? Darcy, is this what you were bought at the pharmacy near the champs d'elysee ? So what if it is ? Times are changing, Grace. I can tell. Just not sure if it's for the better. Of course it is. The first time in my life that I feel like I have a choice, and I like it. I just hope that you're thinking this through. I'm not. And that's what feels so damn good about it. Isn't it beautiful ? Maybe she was right. I don't know. And this is the night Darcy disappeared ? She put on those clothes and she went to meet him. Oh, it's the last time I saw her, and I was so petty about her stupid pills. Sure you weren't jealous, all that attention Darcy was getting ? - Well, sure, who wouldn't want to be Cinderella for a night ? There's a ledger from the onboard boutique. A big order on the account of Tucker Benton. Five dresses, six pairs of shoes... expensive. "Tucker Benton." Name wasn't on the passenger list. That's because he wasn't a passenger. He was an employee of Gibbs shipping lines. Took care of the first-class service. Just got this from the library. Tucker Benton was engaged to the boss's daughter. Heiress apparent to the Gibbs family fortune. Explains how he got the cush job, living the life of Reilly on that ship. Where's he today ? Lives on a boat down at Penn's landing. Long John Stillman is on his way with Scotty, see what's what. Excuse me. So, those wingtips you clunk around in, how much they set you back ? Well, if you gotta ask, you don't wanna know. All right, look... Talk to my man. He'll set you up. Beat it. You got it, didn't you ? The trial date. Oh, uh, looking at may 15. Eight months ? Guy's gonna be out there ? Yeah. Listen... I'm sorry about all this. I'm not the one you should be sorry for. Chris craft, '66. Yeah. 37-foot, Sparkman Stevens design. Winter in Grenada. Gotta move quick before the weather gets fresh. Nice ride, but it doesn't hold a candle to the big a, though, does it ? What's this about ? The great thing about sailing, there's no laws out there on the high seas. - You can get away with anything. - Like with Darcy Curtis. What are you talking about ? Darcy... - Jumped overboard. - They found her body on the ship wearing a fancy dress. Any idea where she might have gotten it from ? I bought it for her. My God, what happened to her ? You give a statement when she disappeared ? No, no, I didn't. It's strange, seeing as you were with her that night, right ? Are you saying that I had something to do with hurting Darcy ? You had a lot to lose, anyone found out about the affair. Thinking about your fiance in particular. Millie and I... our engagement was a mistake. I called it off the day we docked. Ask her yourself. I will. Until Darcy came along, there was only one lady for me : the SS Americana. This is the romantic spot ? Gotta say, duke... your castle kind of smells like engine oil. This... is the most beautiful spot on the ship. All those gorgeous lines topside, all that finery, it's nothing without this room, this fire in her belly pushing her on. - I sound like a lunatic. - Stark Raving. You know,  it's... it's the same thing I see in you, Darcy. Beautiful, but that same fire inside. "Careless love" by Ray Charles.</i> Let me, let me guess. Some handsome Joe back home gave this to you, right ? - It's not what you think. - What is it, then ? It just... reminds me of who I was. Well... at least, who I think I was. - And what kind of person is that ? - The kind who falls in line, accepts things the way they are. Doing what everyone expects just because they expect it just feels... It feels... Like giving up. I know what you mean. You do ? I'm engaged, Darcy. I should have told you earlier. It just doesn't really seem real. Do you... do you love her ? I thought I did. But now... Well, all I know is that her family wanted it to happen, and... and then that was that. It's crazy. She... she hates boats. She gets seasick the second she steps on one. And I would be just as happy never to set foot on dry land again. Hell, I'd even get married out here. That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard. Tucker, wait. I mean... we can't. - Can we ? - We have two hours until we dock. Wow, we decided to get married right then and there. I told her I didn't come from money. So without the Gibbs, there'd be no more fancy dresses or parties. Didn't care. Said all she wanted was me and the open sea. Crazy as it was, at that moment we were clear about what we wanted, right then. We wanted each other. You together the rest of that night ? No, no, she went down to change into one of the dresses I bought her. I told her to meet me on the bridge. But the captain was so excited. He said that he would open the ballroom for us. I sent the head steward down to tell her to meet me there instead. Head steward. You talking about Geoffrey Manning ? I drove him crazy with questions when he came back. What'd she say ? What was she wearing ? What'd he tell you ? He told me she was wearing a red dress. He called it "a bold choice," just like her. I waited in the ballroom until the sun came up, but she never showed. I never saw her in it, but to this day I picture her in that red dress. Beautiful as a sunrise at sea. Where was she when you found her ? The same place as your last date, Romeo. The engine room ? I can't let you sail off into the sunset just yet, Captain. Manning lied to us. Knew exactly who "the Duke" was. Uptight SOB saw Darcy in the dress she was wearing when she died. Tucker was getting ready to break off his engagement with Millie. embarrass the Gibbs family. Wonder how far his loyalty went. The night Darcy Curtis died... you told us you didn't see her. You wanna change that story ? Quiet a long time ago, hard to recall. You don't remember stopping by her room to check on her see what's she was wearing for the wedding ? Discretion, detective. Afraid it's a part of job description. Gibbs' clan was very forthcoming with their family history, Manning. Your father was the family butler since like always... - Gentleman's gentleman. - An his father before him. I grew up on the Gibbs' estate. Lived in the same house with them. Job description included making sur Tucker Benton didn't step out on line, embarassed the family ? Break Millie Gibbs' heart ? The Gibbs family never instructed me to keep an eye on miter Benton. Not maybe in so many word, but you expected to do it anyway. Anticipate your masters needs without haven't been told. That was a different time, detective. Tucker was about to run off with some ?????? - You have to step in. - Damn right I stepped in. I did what I had to do. "Drown in my own tears" by Ray Charles.</i> Geoffrey Manning, Miss. Mind I have a word regarding M. Benton ? Is... is Tucker changed his mind ? Please, Miss Curtis. You know, here on the ship, it's quiet commun to feel that you're in your own world, that anything is possible. And that's wrong ? I fell how you feel all too deeply, behond my grasp... for a woman I have no hope to attain. In the end, I conceided, as you must, that it was not meant to be. Meaning you give up. Meaning I recognized there are things more important than my selfish desire. I put my feelings aside and I did what was right. Well, this is right. I know it is. Life no fairytale, Miss Curtis. Some point, you have to give back the sleepers. It's different for us, Mister Manning. - It's a different time. - Listen to me... It only ends in pain for you, for Mister Benton and for everyone involved. Is that what you want ? M. Benton is prepare to shoot himself in a foot over you. Please, think about what I said, before he pulls the trigger. I have long ago realised that my love for her was an impossibility. Millie Gibbs. You grew up together. I couldn't bear for her heart to be brocken. Even if she wasn't mine. I told Darcy the facts, left the decision up to her. Lot of crap. You didn't trust her to make the right decision, so you drag her to the engin room, and you make the floor. Far worse, detective. I found her shoes on the deck that morning. - And I didn't report it. - Hold on. Captain's report said that the master-at-arms found the shoes at 4h46 am. He wasn't the first person to found them. Is this the shoes you saw ? That's right. About 3h30... - give it or take a fex minuts. - So at 4h04... Darcy was already dead. You remember waking up the ship's telegram operator at 4h in the morning, Grace ? I would be asleep at that hour. he remembers you clearly, waking up in the middle of the night, and forgot to tip him. One lousy buck could have save you lot of trouble, Grace. Hey, you want to ask him about it ? - He's right here. - No, stop, look, I know what you're doing. I would never hurt Darcy. - She was like family. - She would have been if she had married Chester's cousin. Darcy and Henry were a good couple, they would have been very happy. Like you and Chester ? 85 Cumberland street. You know that adress ? No. ???? with Chester name on it. January 66. Now why would Chester had a appartment ???? You don't understand, he didn't leave there. His mail forward, dmv records. Does Chester leave you, Grace ? Had he already left you when you took that trip with Darcy ? No, no, no, no... - We were working things out. - Come on, Grace. - It wasn't over. - I spoke to his family. He was stepping out on you pratically from your wedding night. But you couldn't admit it. Either way, why you still hanging on that wedding photo. I didn't have her courage. And misery loves company, right ? If Darcy had just married Henry, like she was supposed to, There would have been another wedding. Chester would have remember what it was like to "be in love" But Darcy wasn't going to marry Henry, Grace. Darcy grew wings. And I was all alone. But she didn't care what other people thought anymore. She was gonna take this situation into her own hands, and you didn't like that. The steward found Darcy's shoes at 3:30 AM. Never say anything until today. This was send half a hour later. After Darcy was dead, Grace. Darcy's suicide note... you wrote it. You send it. Was it only one reason to do that ? I never meant to hurt her. No, you didn't, Grace. It's time to tell us what happen. I followed her to the engin room. I just wanted to confort her... To tell her we could work things out together. But she didn't care. Darcy, I'm sorry. Once we dock, you'll forget all about that dandy. You'll marry Henry, You'll settle in, and the four of us will have so much fun together. - Like we dream when we were kids. - No, Grace... He was right. The reason I came back her... that really is the most beautiful spot of the ship. The fire in the belly. What are you talking about ? I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna marry him. - Righht now. - Wait ! - What about me ? - Be my maid of honnor. - Stay by my side. - Darcy, I can't. Yes, you can. I saw the way you were looking at those dresses. Put one on and stand by me. But this is a fantasy. That man is using you. You belong at home, with me, with Henry and with Chester. With Chester ? Grace, do you hear yourself ? We'll start planning the wedding today. And we'll go to Charles Garden and we'll get you a dress. - And Father Concane will talk to Henry. - Chester left you ! What ? He's gone. You don't have to keep waiting for him. You have a choice. - Shut up. - He's not coming back. Everyone konws it but you. How dare you... "What would I do without you" by Ray Charles.</i> * Don't deceive me * * Please don't leave me * * What would I do without you * * To see me through * * If you leave me, * * If you grieve me * * What would I do without you * * To see me through * * What would I do * * Say I want know * * What would I do * ................ * Where would I go * * How you please me * * When you squeeze me *