("Magic Man" by Heart Playing) * Cold late nights so long ago * * When I was not so strong you know * * A pretty man can to me * * Never seen eyes so blue * * You know I could not run away,it seemed * * We'd seen each other in a dream * * It seemed like he knew me * * He looked right through me * * Yeah Come on home,girl,he said with a smile * * You don't have to love me and let's get high awhile * * But try to understand,try to understand * * Try,try,try to understand * * Try to understand,try to understand * * Try,try,try to understand * * He's a magic man * Got to say,Scotty,not a bad cook. Even learning to pick up after himself. Forget it. I ain't taking Vera. You want him out of your place,man up and tell him. How about just for a weekend? Hey,Lil... Have mercy. Colin Blake. Embezzlement,fraud,assault. Fresh out of the can. - Here to tell us you're innocent? - I wish I was. I'm not making any excuses. Stealing from dead and disabled servicemen.Pretty cold. And that got you 30 years in Allenwood? Ten to 15. Tried to break out a few months in,and a CO got hurt and the judge doubled me up. You sound like an angry guy,Colin. You'd've been angry,too. The reason I tried to break out-- my daughter,Sarah. Found stabbed to death in an abandoned lot two months after I went in. 17 years old. Sarah was everything to me. Her mom died when she was 13. Just the two of us. Stood by me through the trial. Up to the night before I went in. You'll finish out your last fe weeks of school here. Uh,then I've made arrangements for you to stay with your Aunt Laura. Dad,I'm not leaving. We're gonna fight this. You're innocent. Sarah... I'm not. I can't forget that look-- her knowing I was a criminal. Any suspects in her murder. Nothing. The detective thought she was a runaway. 30 years-- no leads,and then yesterday I get released and I find this. The Jackals. Outlaw motorcycle gang. Know who the guy in this photo is? I was hoping you could tell me. - Where'd you get this? - Prison stored my checked belongings. Somebody must have slipped it in there,knowing I'd find it when I got released. Jackals MC's hardcore-- drugs,guns,extortion.Sarah was a good girl. An honor roll student.Good athlete. The picture's from the Fourth of July. A few months after I went in and a few days before... she was killed. You thinking she was tore up over what you did,started acting out? Sarah believed in me.I let her down. She must have been desperate. Detectives,I have to know-- what happened to my little girl? -DIFUNDE LA PALABRA- Foro de Series: Cold Case S6E16 Jackals Sarah Blake-- 17 years old. Stabbed over 30 times. Dumped in an shallow grave near Hog Island Road. Knife blade broke off in her sternum.That's a lot of rage. Defensive wounds on the arms and hands.The girl put up a fight. The Philadelphia Jackals are still around today--meth trade,prostitution... It's less about riding than running a criminal enterprise. Who was the leader of that pack in '76? John Clark-- aka "Shameless." And still at it today. Rap sheet about ran the printer out of ink. What's a 17-year-old honor student running around with these losers? Betrayed by your dad,nowhere to go... bad boys start looking good. Said the girl who ran off with a man on a motorcycle. He was different. Frank,are you able to get anything off the photo? Instamatic camera. About as common as it gets. See the one-percenter patch?That's an outlaw badge of honor. The one percent of the bikers who cause 99% of all the trouble. I got a buddy on the state police task force watchdogging the Jackals.I'll see what he can run down. We need to find out whop put that photo in Colin's box. Prison trustees with access to the storage area? Dad might have overstated Sarah's good girl status. School records have her suspended for fighting. Took a shot at some girl for mouthing off about her dad. Another girl jumped in and wound up getting expelled. Libby Traynor. Partner in crime or a bad influence on a good girl? Might know about her walk on the wild side. I'll talk to her. I'll hit the Jackals' clubhouse,see what's what. You're spitting in the wind,Scotty.Bikers don't talk to cops. Oh,that's 'cause nobody ever sent me. Hey,don't worry.I'll be polite. Yeah,just the same,take somebody along. Watch your back. Keep you from putting your foot in it. You Shameless? Couple questions about Sarah Blake,girl you might have known back in '76. Never heard of her. All right,listen,jackass... You want to talk to me,you talk to the club. I'd think real hard before you make your next move,Shameless. So much for polite. Libby Traynor? That's me. You looking for highlights? Looking for information. You recognize anyone in this photo? Freedom Run? Can't say I remember that one. Well,took a look into your record,Libby. Uh,hung around with the Jackals Motorcycle Club back in the '70s. I wound up marrying one of those idiots. Got killed on a bike in '81. Best thing that ever happened to me. Bygone days. I bought this salon,left all that behind. Now I own three of them in Philly. What about Sarah Blake?Remember her? Her old man got in trouble,right? About 30 years' worth of it. Prissy brats at school turned on her,treating her like she was dirt. There was nothing left for Sarah but the outcasts. ("Show Me the Way" by Peter Frampton playing) Ah,dirtbag kegger. Warm beer. I mean,there has got to be a better party than this somewhere And with ice. Just... just another minute.I got to find Libby. Uh,there she is. Sarah! - Can't believe you showed up. - Libby,did they expel you? Don't care.Got a place to stay-- this is better. Screw 'em,right? Who do I phone? Hardtail.'65 Panhead. Rigid. I built the pipes myself. It's beautiful. Nothing like it in the world. That's the midnight howl,citizens! You are now officially on Jackal time! So,if you ain't patched MC or property of the MC,time to get lost is right now. Except you,darling. You can stay. We're leaving,Sarah. Now. Hell of a party. Don't think I saw her much after that. Not really her crowd. Guy she was talking to with the bike... he the one in this photo? People came and went. But what about this boyfriend,the one who pulled her away? Possessive jerk from school. Mark... something. Guy was a tool.Smacking her around. How do you know? Two things I know,sweetheart: hair and guys who like to hit women. Only one of 'em I can fix. Nice-looking bunch. Like a group photo from the Scumbag Glee Club. Well,Shameless was sergeant-at-arms of the Jackals. Took over the club when the president got killed on a bike. New regime got a lot more violent. No matches for the Philly Jackals crossing with Colin Blake in the pen. Hunt down hang-arounds,ex-affiliates,any insiders with an ax to grind. Club women,maybe. Only considered useful for sex and running drugs. Nice names.Come in as a "Sweetbutt" and work your way up to "Sheep" and graduate to "Old Lady. " Sarah went in with a blind eye towards her place in the pecking order.Could have got ugly. What about this kid,Mark,who brought her to the party? Will's talking to him now. Libby was right about one thing. Mark Callahan picked up a sheet for assault in college,slapping around an ex-girlfriend. This going to take long? Somewhere you got to be? Deposition in a beep-beep case at 2:00. Car accident. Korean guy blows a stop sign,sideswipes my client into a flower stand. Everybody's suing everybody.Damn mess. Civil litigation.Takes a special breed. Balls of steel,my fend.Nothing else will do. You said this was about Sarah Blake. You two have a thing back in '76? Hooked up in high school. Long time ago. - What happened,she dump you? - Please. Right.You don't get dumped. Girlfriend tried it in college.Campus security d to pull you off of her. Not the way I remember it. ter Sarah's death. Didn't bother to mention taking her to parties with the local motorcycle gang. Sarah was the one who was into those dirtbags. Not me. - Hardtail '65 Panhead... - A beauty and a love for bikes. What are you doing here? I saw the way you were looking at my bike at the party. I know that look. Oh,you do,huh? That's the look of somebody who wants to take off and tell everyone to go to hell.Leave all this behind... Thinyou can help me with that? I know I can. Bro,that's beautiful. That is truly beautiful,Casanova. - That is some really top-dollar BS there.- Mark,I told you to leave me alone. Oh,looks like you took a wrong turn,bro. Never touch a guy's ride,bro. Had to miss the rest of the lacrosse season. Jaw wired shut,lost two teeth. Sarah turns up dead in '76. You don't think to mention this guy? Stayed out of it.She made her choice. Remember a name,at least? - Yeah.Darren. - Darren what? Darren who kicked my ass. Tell you what,you find that guy,you better bring along some backup. No rap sheet on Darren.Whatever he was up to,he never got caught. Libby said people came and went.Guy was just a hangaround? Hangaround wouldn't be wearing colors.Maybe got the name wrong. Name's right. Jackals' clubhouse was part of a repair shop owned by Martin Malloy. Founding president of the Philly Jackals. And Malloy was killed in '74.Left the clubhouse to his son, who then signed it over in trust to the Jackals Motorcycle Club. - Darren Malloy. - Son of a Jackal. So Sarah wasn't hopping on the bike behind some hangaround kid. She was... riding straight into the Jackals' inner circle. The kid didn't know what she was getting into. Quite an operation,Darren. Turn around two custom rides a week,50 grand a pop. Yuppie choppers. 99 percenters.Everybody wants a piece of the road. QuQuite a step up from the garage your dad owned. Jackals. Stole it out from under me,made me sign it over to them. That don't seem rht,you being blood to one of the original ten. That's me,but I wasn't one of them. Not the way your patch tells it. Son of the fnder of the Jackals MC. That didn't mean nothing to them. Dad got killed,just meant I had to work harder to prove myself. I wasn't allowed to wear the logo patch. My dad's jacket,they tore it off,said I had to earn my colors. Even though you were a legacy? Still just a prospect.Pretty much meant I was their bitch. Considered me "righteous" 'cause I knew how to fix bikes,like my dad. - So,why the break? - I wasn't cut out for that life. Way too rough for me. I was never as hardcore as they were and they never let me forget it. That's not how Mark Callahan tells it. Remember him?Worked him over with a chain behind Blessed Trinity? Yeah,I went after that kid. He was bigger than me.I didn't want to get my ass kicked in front of Sarah. Well,gotta wonder-- what's a nice girl like Sarah doing with a biker thug like you,Darren? My dad got killed on a bike. Her dad was gone. We just kind of found each other. Man,she loved to ride. Thought it was about me,but she was... looking for more than a boyfriend. So you brought her to the Jackals. Jackals came with a dark side and she was wearing blinders to it. I can't believe you made me ride this garbage wagon,man.What gives? That's what gives,junior. You had me running that crap without telling me? What the hell,man? Don't you ever question us in front of some sweetbutt,understand? Ever. - I got it. - Good. You gotta earn your keep,prospect. Want you to run this package up to Pittsburgh,represent the Jackals. Got a problem with that? - No. - Get your ass on the road. I'm going to get you home,get you out of this. Home?What home would that be? I think I'm gonna stay. You don't get it,Sarah. These guys are running felony weight. Everybody's a criminal. At least the Jackals are up-front abo it. Sarah! Nobody cares what my father did here,Darren. At least I know where I stand. You just left her there? That whole scene was just too much for me. I never made that run to Pittsburgh. But Sarah wanted to stay? This guy with the knife...? Monster. Shameless's chief enforcer.Sadistic son of a bitch. He loved to get his hands dirty. I'm tellin' ya,the guy has a place for everything. Except you. Situation's about to get critical at Casa Jeffries. If I could just... think of somewhere else to stay... Dude,been working together what,forever? Just ask,man. So,can I crash at your place for awhile? - No. - No. No. Scotty,what's the story on this "Monster"? Chief enforcer of the Jackals,but we got no jacket on him at all-- no name,no arrests,no prison,nothin'. Don't make sense. I had my guy at the state police run the name,see if we get a hit. Got something with Colin. Storage room trustee at FCI Allenwood was a former Jackal. - Pittsburgh chapter. - You recognize the guy? Burke... never said anything to me about being a biker. Got popped in '88 for kidnapping and murdering a drug dealer. Met him on his first day in. Knew the guy 20 years. And he knew this was killing me - why didn't he just tell me? Probably scared. 's helping u now. He could know more.If he knows who killed Sarah... Well,Burke's been in Allenwood a long time. Bet he'd love having some visitors. Oh,man... What the hell is this? No doc todayBurke; Just us cops. Here about a photo you dropped on Colin Blake. His dead daughter with your motorcycle crew. I don't know anything about that photo. And I don't appreciate you ambushing my clinic time. Well,how about I pretend I'm your proctologist,and shove my foot up your ass? Come on,Burke-- Jackals sold you out,let you rot in here. Sold you out for killing a drug dealer. - That's cold. - Yeah. Some tweaker I kept in my storage shed till he gave up his stash. You know,I,I pass out,I forgot about him a couple of days,he winds up dead. Heatstroke. The bastards sold me out when the feds started sniffing around,protect their precious drug trade. This is two weeks after the photo you dropped on Colin. Want to have a look closer? Guy got you out of the hole.Jackals didn't help you out; Colin did. You know something,give the man some peace. I took that shot the Bicentennial Run. You know,pretty girl on a bike,somethin' to remember. You see her after that? Yeah,just one time. I was in Philly as a connection for the Pittsburgh boys. - Where? - Clubhouse. She tried to act tough,but it was obvious the kid didn't belong there. ("Stranglehold" by Ted Nugent playing) She's jailbait,man,look at her. She's just like all the other sheep,expecting a free ride,offering nothing up. What is it you're doing here,princess? What is it you want me to do? We're gettin' jacked by the fuzz every time we roll colors outside the gate. Need somebody won't attract attention. I'll do it. Carry the package for you. Wherever you need it to go. Listen to the prom queen. But you gotta be straight with me. If I'm carrying,I gotta know what it is,what to expect when I get there. No surprises. You got a deal. It's about time you started pullin' your weight around here. Girl had guts,and Monster didn't like that. Time she turned up dead,Monster'd lit out. Left the club? Nobody ever heard from him again. See,MC's real particular about who you can and can't kill-- believe me,I'd know. She was useful-- Shameless wanted that girl alive. You sayi Monster killed her? Explain why he disappeared. Maybe he hauled ass and maybe Shameless killed him as an example. Either way-- good riddance. Excuse me. Looking for Will. - Will Jeffries? - He here? -  Will? - Who knows? Staties found our Monster. They got a sheet under an alias? Better.Monster's real name was James Drew. Chief enforcer for the Jackals Motorcycle Club. Monster... was a cop. There he goes. James Drew,Philly PD. Easy. You dropped pretty far off the grid... Monster. I haven't heard the name Monster in a long time. Be about '76,I guess. Undercover inside the most violent motorcycle club in Philly,then all of a sudden you drop off the face of the earth? Blacked out your tats.Not a Jackal,not a cop. So what are you,Monster? I didn't want their mark on me anymore. What happened?What drove you out? Shameless invited me to prospect into the Jackals after we served in 'Nam. Didn't know I'd hit the academy in the meantime,got my badge. First ever investigation of an outlaw club anybody tried. Well,easy to get lost playing both sides. You ever done undercover,Detective? Um,somebody I know... he's in right now.It's tough. I were you,I wouldn't bet my pension on ever seeing h again. Seductive world-- power,freedom. Mostly it was the drugs. I got hooked and lost myself in it. What about Sarah Blake? Sarah was the reason I left. - She didn't belong there. - You knew her. Girl was jacking up my investigation. Most of those MC guys were idiots. She was smart. And smart was a liability for me inside. Hello? I told you you don't belong here. Think this is a game,little girl? I-I got the money in my car. D-Did everything just like you told me.Shameless said I'd be safe. Shameless? Girl,who do you think put us together alone? There's only way you got any value around here. No! I'm not one of your sheep! You're nothing but an animal. Sarah,get the hell out of here. Now. Go! She was right,I was an anil. I got my gear,hopped on my bike and blew the hell out of there that night. You didn't know Sarah had been killed? All I could think about was getting clean and never look back. If I had stayed,did my job,she might've had a chance. I messed up. When she left that night,know where she was headed? She was riding the sofa of some girl who was angling to be Shameless's old lady. Libby something. Libby Traynor. Real operator,that one. Cold as ice. Well,how do we know you didn't do her in yourself,Monster? You don't. Guess you're gonna be taking me in. Looked hard at Libby Traynor's financials. Hinky all the way down. The deposit slips don't jibe with her account activity,and tax records don't jibe with her address. Well,the DEA shakedown on one of her shops six years ago-- popped the manager for possession with intent. Down payment on her salon comes from the same trust that owns the Jackals repair shop. Starting to sound like a front for the club's meth trade. Burke got shanked in his cell. CO fou him dead this morning. Jackals are closing ranks. All we got against them now is Libby. There she goes. Need a reason to pull her over. Well,now we got one. She have that bag when she went in? Nope. Let her get a few blocks,then light her up. You lied to us,Libby. Jackals are still using you,after all these years. Nobody uses me. A pound of meth in that diaper bag. Only hair you're gonna be doing is your cellmate's. Bring it.I got my people. Well,Jackals already killed Burke to protect their secret. Think they won't do the same to a used-up sheep like you? I'll take my chances. Don't kid yourself. A woman in that club-- you're property,nothing more. Property that can be bought orold or eliminated. Just like that. You got to set me up outside of Philly,away from them. - First,tell me what happened to Sarah - I don't know. Oh,come on,Libby.She was sleeping on your sofa. You knew everything going on at that club. Tried to jump the line. Figured running drugs for Shameless'd get her in cheap. Compared to what? The way you and the other sheep had to pay your dues? Stupid girl didn't get it. We were part of something. We were family. Only hurts the first time. After that... they respect you. Darren was right. I don't belong here. Destiny Where you gonna go,sweetie? Your daddy's mansion? Jackals are all you've got left now. I gotta get out of this,Libby. You still got Shameless' money. Pull yourself together.Take it back. - He'll talk sense into you. - Shameless set me up once. I'm not going back there. I'll leave the monehere.You take it to him. Oh,honey. Not my mess. You made it you clean it up. When she left-- the look on her face... I figured she might do something stupid. Talk to the cops maybe. - And you called Shameless. - Only thing I could do. She was going off the reservation. With his money. You're gonna do the right thing now,Libby.For Sarah. You're gonna give me the Jackals,understand? Or I'm gonna give you to them. The ckals hold their chapter meetings at the clubhouse. Church,they call it. They kept minutes of every move they ever made. Five minutes to sunup. Ready to roll on these fools? Right behind you. let's do this Drop your weapons! Get down! Drop your weapons! Now! Down on the ground! Detective! 30 years of church meetings. Every detail accounted for.Every move the Jackals ever made. A good read. Know what I liked most? There were surprises. Digging through expecting to nail Shameless down for Sarah's murder. But what I found was you. I told you,I quit the Jackals. But not when you said you did. Minutes show you came back from that Pittsburgh run,the very night Sarah was killed. Also shows you brought in the take from Sarah's run to New York. Now,howd you wind up with her money,Darren? You must have the dates wrong. You said yourself you were a prospect. Pretty much their bitch. They told you something needed to be done,you did it. No questions asked. No,I could never hurt Sarah. So maybe you tried to help her.Last time anyone saw her, she... was talking about you. Darren,you were the last person she trusted in the world. Don't let her down again. She called me and said she was in trouble. I don't... I don't know what to do,Darren. I should have listened to you. All right,I'm here. I'll help you. I still got Shameless' money from the run. I-I-I don't want to... I can't see him again. Wh-What am I gonna do? Sarah,let's run. You and me.We don't need anybody else. Darren... w-we can't. There's nothing left for you here.Me either. Let's just take this money and go and never look back. - But my father... - ...Is gone. He let you down. I won't.I'll take care of you. I'll be your family now. You gotta trust me. She wouldn't go with me,so I just... I just rode away. And took the money and just... left her there alone? Nowhere to go? I can't believe you would do that. I mean,you cared about her,right? Yes,I cared about her. So,she climbed up behind you on that bike and you rode away. And then what happened? Did you realize how much trouble you were in? The only way to save yourself from the Jackals,to redeem yourself-- - take care of the problem for them. -  No. I would never ever hurt her. Then who did? You don't gotta talk,Shameless. We'll lay it out for you. Got testimony from ex-affiliates-- about 30 years of methamphetamine trade across three states. That makes it federal time. Got your club minutes,outlining every stupid,illegal-ass activity you and your buddies ever engaged in. Real smooth,Jack.We love stuff in writing. And we got your old prospect,Darren Malloy,in the next room giving you up for Sarah Blake's murder. Only ride you're gonna be taking now... is upstate. Punk will never sing. - No? - Prospect or not. No Jackal talks to cs. Oh,yeah. You know everything about the Jacks,right? Everything worth knowing. Recognize him? That's your boy-- Monster. Your sergeant at arms. - You know he was state police? - You brought him into the club. Vouched for a cop,across the board. Man,rest of the MC finds out about that,it's gonna be a cold winter watching your back in gen-pop. See,you know everything about the Jackals and now,so do we. Want to take bets on your boy Darren keeping his lid on? You walked away from the job before,and a girl died. Time for you to make it right. What do you want? Tell me everything Shameless knows about Darren. Shameless sold you out,Darren. Shameless? No way,never. Your first bike was a Sportster 883,'cause you were too scrawny to handle an FLH. A bitch bike. That was no bitch bike. - It was beautiful. - And when your father got killed,you ran to Shameless. You cried on his shoulder. Remember what he told you,Darren?******** He said,"Look around. Every Jackal in this room is your father now. " Said they were gonna raise you to have class. You never cried again,did you? Until the night you killed Sarah. We were gonna run away together. Just the two of us. She trusted me. But I let her down. Because I was a coward. Ofthe bike,prospect. Your back warmer,too. Let's go. Thought you and your sheep could just light out with my money? - Shameless,wait. - Your old man'd be ashamed. He'd knock you on your ass,if he were alive. Shameless,we were gonna bring you the money. - I was on my way to see you. - Is that right? Last I checked,West Chester Pike leads away from my door. - No,I was gonna come... - Hey,hey,hey,it's all right. You're not the first brother led astray by a woman. Won't happen again,though. Go get my shovel,prospect. - Darren... - Now! Darren?Darren,Darren? Darren!Don't let them do this Darren! Darren!Darren! Darren!Darren! Darren!Darren! ("Simple Man" by Lynyrd Skynyrd plays) * Mama told me * * When I was young Come sit beside me * * My only son * * And listen closely * * To what I say * * And if you do this It'll help you * * Some sunny day Oh,yeah * * Oh,take your time Don't live too fast * * Troubles will come * * And they will pass * * Go find a woman And you'll find love * * And don't forget,son There is someone * * Up above And this simple... * * Kind of man Will be something * * You love and understand * * Baby,be a simple... * * Kind of man Oh,won't you do this * * For me,son,if you can... * Equipe Giga seriesaki.com