- Yeah Man, forget about that party, just keep driving right out of Philly What's wrong with Philly? May's got her big plans Singing, huh? She's gonna cut some place of her own in New York City Why do you wanna go to New York? You don't know anyone there I know everyone here I bet she makes it We won't hear from her ever again except for on the radio My Daddy says if you plan big you'll just disappoint yourself - Yeah, well I got plans that involve you - You do? Oh, crap, get a room 8 Years Later So this chick went AWAL after a highway shooting in '88? Yeah, the guy she was with was killed She got winged, skipped out of the hospital before the cops could interview her Now someone dropped a dime? Old classmate saw her on the boardwalk last week Man, what is that? - Rice cake - All right - May Pierson - Yeah Philadelphia Homicide I don't have anything to do with anything That's a pretty broad claim I've been up all night, I can't be doing this Doing what, May? You don't even know what it's about - Or do you? - Clem Garris Shot on the expressway in '88, you were there 'Till you fled No That was another girl So you're not May Pierson? That works at this fine establishment and drives this vehicle? I'm sayin' that was a lifetime ago Yeah, we gotta talk about it - Forget it, I'm goin' home - This ain't a debate, May, we got a warrant We do this here or do it in Philly You can't take me there, on what basis? Obstructing a police investigation '88, New York bench warrant '94 And irritating two homicide guys, 2006 Get in the car Philadelphia Police Department Central Division Were you in court this morning? Cat emergency, Olivia got chomped by a neighbor dog You get the ??? That's not funny Rita Hi, John I almost came by, I didn't wanna bother you Lilly Rush, Rita Hart Formerly Stillman Oh, hi Um I'll see you later, boss So, what brings you here? - House got robbed last night - No kiddin'? Yeah, I just reported it Was Joel with you? Joel moved out Few months ago - The drinking? - Yeah - Sorry - It's better I'll talk to major crimes, have them fast track it / OK - Give you a call - Thanks Clem Garris shot and killed January '88, found on the shoulder of I-76 But not alone No, that's the scandelous part, he was found with a woman not his wife May Pierson Was shot in the arm, slipped out of the ER before the cops could get a play by play But Vera and Valens picked her up this morning Got her upstairs Leaves the scene and doesn't turn up for 18 years? - That's a person of interest - At least Clem told his wife Sally, he'd be at a local bar that night with the guys So why is he out on the highway with this gal? Rough way to find out what your husband's up to Unless Sally already knew Decided she'd had enough Making her a person of interest number two Between New York and Jersey, there's a lot of ink on you May That's from way back A DUI, arrest for loitering, solicitation? I know what I did Now you know why I ditched the cops that night You didn't wanna get jammed up Never mind helping find who killed your boyfriend Clem He wasn't my boyfriend Sayin' you weren't screwin' around? I hadn't seen him in years Well then how the heck do you end up on that highway with him, May? I ran into Clem at Atlantic City that night Told his wife he was at a Philly bar I can't account for that So, you run into him We're talking about old times, we're both headin' back to Philly, he offers me a ride - And? - And we're almost there Get bumped from behind He pulls over Gets out Gets shot Just like that Clem talk about bein' in trouble? Anything like that? I don't know what his life was like We'd said our goodbyes years earlier when we were just kids May Pierson shows up What's one last shift You're really goin', huh? Leavin' for New York, 8 am Not gonna wait for Petie to come get you? Petie's a big college football star He's never comin' back You gonna marry Sally? That's the plan What if you came with me instead? Come with you? Remember that day we drove around playing 'Born To Run' until the tape broke? Yeah, we ran out of gas We could spend every day like that I'm not like you, May I'm not a big dream kind of person But you are I gotta stay Well She sure is pretty Bye, Mayflower Just Married That's how I like to remember Clem 'Cause when I saw him that night at Atlantic City, he'd turned into just another disappointed working guy It happens That's what I know Now can I get back to Jersey? So May Pierson gave us new details about your husband's murder Like? / He was in Atlantic City that night Not in Philly, like he told you Look, I know everyone thought Clem must have been seein' her behind my back, but he wasn't How do you know? Clem wasn't perfect, but he was more good than bad And when he was in something, he was in When I was 19, I took off with a guy 2 weeks into knowin' him The heart wants what it wants Yeah He was a biker, drinker But I thought this is it Roll out the carpet, we're goin' down the aisle You didn't go through with it? We came close We were road trippin' Went to a courthouse in Knoxville and we just sat out there on his bike Neither one of us could get off Well Clem and I never had any doubts / No? Getting married was the happiest day of our lives Anyone unhappy that day? One person - Are you sorry? - No, come on I didn't want it to be this way We were gonna have babies anyway We're doin' the right thing, Sal I'm gonna make you happy every day What a frickin' joke Petie, we didn't think you were coming You two aren't foolin' anyone Are you drinkin' this early? You're just marrying here because she's knocked up OK, and everyone knows it - Keep it down - Pete you're acting really embarassing Whoa, I'm embarassing? I know who you really wanna be with It's my girl May What the hell happened to you? What would happen? I got my ass kicked out and I'm washed up and my girl's gone so you get everything and I get nothing Hey start up my car Me and my bride are pullin' outta here Just Married Petie had some kind of wall? Somethin' went real wrong at Penn State He dropped out, came home damaged good Brought some strong feelings home If it's true, that Clem was in Atlantic City that night? / Yeah? Petie spent a lot of time there So he could've run into Clem and May, and reacted badly? I can't put it past him He's in jail now I hear you made a spectacle of yourself at that wedding, Petie Yeah, what a jerk Pretty bitter about things going so good for Clem? I was in a real bad way then I just lost my free ride to Penn State - I played ball, too - Yeah? What went wrong? First game, I choked Froze up on the field, did it all year Got cut Couldn't've been easy comin' home after that / It wasn't - People look at you like you're crap - Including Clem? No He was cool I apologized for the wedding thing We moved on Started hangin' out again Were you surprised to hear that he was with May the night he died? / Yeah - Everyone was - Bother you at all? - How do you mean? - She was your girl, right? I went with her in high school So maybe you wanted to get back to that time When you were a football star, and had your girl May Not denying those were better times but 8 years later I wasn't thinkin' about May - No? - I was thinkin' about someone else *  Glory Days by Bruce Springsteen * 9 seconds left and crazy Rick tosses me that screen pass Yeah, I remember, me and Sal were on the field gettin' ready to do the homecoming thing Caught that baby, turned on the jets - That was something - Crazy times, crazy times Never been a prettier homecoming queen, Sal You in that white dress You remember that, huh? Are you kidding me? Everybody noticed Someone got the best catch in school I sure did Who's that? A guy I do favors for, make some cash - I'd better get back to the baby - I'll be home soon Why is she so down? Things have been kind of yippy at home You know truthfully, man, I don't know if me and Sal were ready for all this So young - It's probably just tough times, right? - Yeah No, man - It's more than that - You think she's sorry? I think she wishes she didn't cry every night So Clem and Sally were on the outs Win or lose I'll lay it out for you Things between me and Sally kind of grew So Sally and Petie started up ??? Clem their marriage was so great That gives her motive if she wanted out for good What about these favors that Petie was doing for money? Breakin' legs, stealing cars Thug stuff Clem ever get in on it? Petie says he offered but Clem wouldn't go for it The guy walked the line Uh, anyway guys, good night What's he nervous about? Her So they found who did the robberies? Bobby Greene Lived up the street He used to throw mudballs at our windows - That little kid? - He's grown up - Criminal now - Oh, God He hit two other houses on the block but he got picked up this morning That's sad So, why didn't you come to me about this in the first place? I knew you'd be busy A long time to be less busy You are who you are I would like to think I've learned some things - Anyway I - Would you you wanna have dinner? - Go to Irena's? - Really? - Yeah I'm free Friday - Me, too - 7? - OK OK - All right, I'll see you - OK - 7 - Yeah Clem made you happy every day - Right Sally? - Right - Don't wanna revise that statement? - Why would I? How about because you were bangin' Petie - That was wrong - But it happened And you not tellin' that, get's the wheels turnin' Maybe you felt trapped Things between you and Clem died out but he wouldn't give up 'Cause when he was in somethin' he was in / Look I never had that kind of love again So maybe I wanna remember things a certain way But we don't live in that land, Sal We got a real life murder to solve That's true Things faded And? / And it's true Clem wasn't one to give up But he did Finally - Oh, man it's - Valentine's Day Baby, I'm sorry - I was gonna get flowers and candy - It doesn't matter Let's go to bed, huh? No We ain't makin' it, are we Sal? - Why can't we fix it? - I don't know It's just gone But it was right It was fun and easy and right Yeah, it was I don't wanna be a divorced person Yeah, but do you wanna be this married person? That's when Petie came into the picture? It wasn't love But he wanted to be with me And Clem wanted to be somewhere else By the time May came back to town, he knew he could go see her May came back? When her mother died Clem went to the funeral I told you I hadn't seen Clem since high school Oh, I know what you told me His wife said he was at the funeral Look, I didn't kill him Then why lie to my face? What are you hiding? Me and Clem did a stupid desperate thing Tried to get back something we'd never have again I need to hear about that I saw him at the funeral And? Everything rushed back Clem Garris shows up Hey, Mayflower I should get to the reception Let me drive you How'd New York go? Not too good How is that possible? You're the best singer I've ever heard Turns out a lot of people can sing You going to that reception? No Just keep drivin' You got a guy there? New York? No Mostly just got debts How you been gettin' by? I don't wanna talk about it OK I just haven't been livin' right What if we started over? You and me How? / Get out of here Just drive away Like we should've done years ago I loved you so much Maybe it's still in you someplace I know it's in me I owe this guy There's a job I can do In Atlantic City, get you money - And then clear out of here? - Yeah, you and me Finally We thought we could pick up where we left things all those years ago But you can't go back Learned that the hard way So then you met in Atlantic City He did this job and we went Then the shooting happened - What kind of job? - Just said it was a favor for a guy Looked into the dude Petie was doing favors for, he's a lowlife named Henry Mack Probably who Clem got mixed up with What's this Mack's line of work? Had a ring of guys stealing cars, at airports, casinos, bringin' then back to his chop shop in Philly So maybe Clem's doin' some runs for him that night Maybe Petie knows more about that night than he's lettin' on - You find this Mack? - 6 feet under in Trenton - Tough interview - But there's a story to that Guy was murdered, shot on a casino parkin' lot That connected to Clem somehow? I'm guessin' because Mack was killed the very same night Clem was I know Clem usually walked the line Didn't get mixed up in the kind of favors you did He kept his nose clean Is that maybe just one time when he really needed the money? - For May? - Maybe But that one time you two worked for Mack Clem gets shot So does Mack / Uh-huh It's kind of hard to miss what those murders have in common - You - I was a theif not a killer You and Clem were stealin' those cars, maybe get ambitious? - Decide to double cross Mack? - No But Clem was desperate Maybe havin' a runnin' buddy made you bold and Henry Mack - probably deserved the pop in the head - I don't know how Mack died And after you two waste him, you panic Word Clem's gonna fold 'cause he don't got a criminal nature, he walks the line Clem was the one guy who was nice to me when I came home a mess! Everyone else kept away He stayed my friend So be a friend to him, Petie Say what happened that night He didn't wanna be dirty But it was his only ticket out * Stolen Car by Bruce Springsteen * * I found me a little girl and I settled down * * in a pretty little house in a pretty little town * * We got married, and promised never to part * * then little by little we drifted from each other's heart * * Now I'm driving a stolen car * * down on a pitch black night * * And I'm doing my best to make it through * * Well I'm just sittin' down here at a Stanton light * * I wanna get caught but I never do * * At first I thought it was just restlessness * * that would fade as time went by * * and our love grew deep * * But in the end it was something more I guess * * that tore us apart and made us weep * * And I'm driving a stolen car * * waitin' on that little red light * * I keep tellin' myself everything's gonna be alright * * But I ride by night and I travel in fear * * That in this darkness I might just disappear * * She asked if I remembered the letters I wrote * * When our love was young and we were bold * * She said last night she read those letters * * And they made her feel one hundred years old * * As the river runs by the little town * * down into the sea * * it was there in the shade I let my body down* I'm out, Petie No if you wanna get paid, we gotta go to Philly I'm takin' the car - What? - Forget the money No, it's no good, Clem Mack won't go fot that Mack's not gonna find me Be good to her He went off to get May That's it The '69 Chevy, huh? It was a beauty Yeah I've seen it You're still driving the same car you and Clem took out of Atlantic City And the only person who knew where Clem was going that night? - Petie - It wasn't Petie - Who then? - A guy Clem called him Mack There had to be two people, May Someone drove that second car away And somehow the Chevy ended up back with you You would'nt've given us Mack right off Unless it was someone you wanted to protect Maybe you and Petie need to talk Hey, Mayflower! Hi, Petie boy May IDed Henry Mack from a photo spread as the shooter So we know he was one of our guys at the scene But we still got the matter of who was with him And who killed him later that night You ever make it with singin'? I'm just a cocktail waitress So May says you two made a promise Back when Clem died Yeah I'll keep it Petie I'm not scared It's over for me But you can still have a good life What happens? After Clem takes off in that Chevy? He finds trouble All because of me We both had our part in it - You think you can steal from me? - Mack Take their car Meet me back there You gave him up? He was gonna kill me - Get in the car and drive! - OK, OK * One Step Up Bruce Springsteen * * Woke up this morning my house was cold * * checked the furnace, she wasn't burning * * Went out and hopped in my old Ford * * hit the engine but she ain't turning * * Giving each other some hard lessons lately * * but we ain't learning * * The same sad story, that's a fact * * one step up and two steps back * * Bird on a wire outside my motel room * * but he ain't singing * * Girl in white outside a church in June * * but the church bells, they ain't ringing * * I'm sitting here in this bar tonight but all I'm thinking is * * I'm the same old story, same old act * * one step up and two steps back * * It's the same thing night on night * * who's wrong, baby, who's right? * * Another fight and I slam the door on * * another battle in our dirty little war * * When I look at myself I don't see the man I wanted to be * * Somewhere along the line I slipped off track * * One step up and two steps back * * There's a girl across the bar * * I get the message she's sending * * Mmm, she ain't looking too married * * me,well, honey, I'm pretending * * Last night I dreamed I held you in my arms * * the music was never-ending * * We danced as the evening sky faded to black *