No signs, sorry. You've got to hide, Pete. They'll find you, and you'll burn. Don't let them have the map. Exley ? What are you doing here ? Do you have the map ? You trust me. Right, Pete ? You're safe now, Pete. I want you to hear something. I don't understand. Close your eyes Remember what I told you. Focus on one instrument. "Beautiful Boy" by John Lennon.</i> Do you still hear Exley's voice ? He's gone. Good. You're doing good, Pete. The Inner Plane hierarchy must be in flux I think... I think that's why he left. Well, maybe he's not a John Lennon fan like us. Can you play the wheels song ? Sure. That's your favorite. Dr. Ramierez, I don't understand why they want me to burn. I didn't do anything. I know you didn't,Pete.I know. ............. Sea-Monkeys ? - Yeah. - Nice to see you went all out. They're educational and entertaining. Any word on Will ? Out of the hospital tomorrow. How about we sign our names to one and keep the other ? What he doesn't know... can't hurt him. Help you ? I'm looking for the detectives that work on old cases. You got one. I'm Detective Rush. Steve Wiegan. It's about my college roommate, Pete Scanell. Brilliant guy with big dreams. "Imagine" by John Lennon.</i> This is class. - It's really good. - Thanks,man. Pete was gonna be a mechanical engineer, until he started saying the TV was talking to him. He was murdered ? No. I mean, I don't know for sure, but I think he may have killed someone. Disappeared at the end of our freshman year. Thought he went back to Oregon until yesterday. I volunteer at a shelter downtown. There was this homeless guy sitting out front, scribbling into a notebook, mumbling. Pete ? Couldn't believe it. I said his name,and he started freaking out. He took off, but he dropped this. Check out the page I marked. "Dr. Ramierez had to burn. It started with the curtains, they litp like paper." I Googled the name. There was a Dr.Julie Ramierez, therapist specializing in schizophrenia. Killed five years ago when her house burned down. Yeah, part of a string of arsons. A man was convicted. I saw that. But Pete's description, I mean... -  You think he did it. - I don't know. But if he did,he's still out there,Detective. Cold Case Season 6 Transcript >VO :www.ydy.com Mind games Richard Kiesel. Consecutive lifes for starting two fatal fires. Remind me not to invite you to a barbecue. The houses were supposed to be empty. Prosecuted on five counts of arson, convicted on two. It was never my intention to harm. Part of your plea was they dropped the Ramierez charge. 'Cause that wasn't mine. I picked buildings i could watch burn. That house had no vantage point. How is the vantage point in here ? Is that, uh... May i ? Gas was my accelerant. If it was me, you'd see a black char across the floor like a skid mark. Maybe you felt like switching it up. No. This is amateur hour. See the charring around the windows ? Point of origin ? Ten to one, this thing started with the curtains. And prior to discharging your weapon three times at a 12-year-old boy ,is it true you were required to attend counseling for another shooting ? I don't see how that's relevant. - Yes or no, detective. - Yes. And did you fulfill your obligation as required by the discipline code ? Yes,i did. You went to every session ? The doctor signed the release. I'll take that as a no. And when you shot little Gabriel Ariza, did you say, "I don't need an excuse to take you down ?" He was shooting at us. -  He had just shot another cop ! - Is that what you said before you shot and killed George Marks ? How about an objection,counselor? That scumbag was way out of line. Sorry, excuse me a minute. Well, that was a hell of a show you put on back there, Rosie. Funny how you brought up the, uh, discipline code. Funny ? Well, you get pinched on a DUI last year, call me to make it go away, and this is how you treat one of my detectives ? Well, that was personal. I'm providing a defense for my client. The kid shot a cop. Don't get much more personal than that to me. Relax, Curtis. Let the judge kick this back down, try Ariza as a juvie, and I'll give up appellate rights. Let me think. - No. - Get real. I got a kid with a low IQ and no priors. You've got a shady statement coerced by a quick-shot cop. She's been a cop for over 15 years. Of course she's been involved in a shooting. - Hell of a shot,too. - She's also got a temper on the stand. And after I subpna her internal affairs files, we both know that that confession's getting thrown out. Okay, you want to roll the dice, let's go. First degree felony murder,that's... wow, that's- that's mandatory life. - See you in court. - Come on, Curtis. Kid will die in prison. Okay, so he pleads to third degree. 25 to 50 for shooting Jeffries. Still gonna give him a chance to get out before they carry him out in a box. That,and you apologize to the good detective. Like you mean it. Apologies, detective. Nice doing business with you,rosie. Thank me later. Buy me lunch. Hey, how was court ? Laugh a minute. Any luck finding Pete Scanell ? Got uniforms checking the shelters and a stakeout at the soup kitchen where the roommate works. Dr.Julie Ramierez. Phd from Temple. Grew up poor in El Centro. Both parents now deceased. No siblings. Well, she worked the Tranquility house, a board and care for the mentally ill. You try and get a copy of her patient records on Pete Scanell ? Was an uphill battle, boss. Patient confidentially laws are a bitch. Case closed. The Traydens did it. "The Traydens poisoned the air, made electric wind. I took a flame-ship that blasted me into the inner plane." Here's a map if anybody cares to visit. Check it out, see if any of the details match the crime scene. Boss, this guy's cuckoo pants. Agents from the inner plane want to kill him. I'll do it. Screen grab from Pete's myspace page, hasn't been updated since he dropped out of college. Lot of friends and hobbies. And bong relay was his favorite sport. Family ? His father in Oregon. Wasn't too chatty. Got the feeling they hadn't spoken in years. Check credit cards, phone records. See if Dr. Ramierez had problems with anyone, Pete or otherwise. Everyone here at tranquility felt her loss. Julie went the extra mile for her patients. She having trouble with any of them ? Kind of goes with the territory, but nothing out of the ordinary. Remember a patient of hers, Pete Scanell ? You know I can't discuss that. A patient's confidentiality is sacrosanct. If you could just tell us if he was staying here the night Julie died. I'm sorry. Unless you have a court order... Do you have a lockdown time here for patients like Pete ? Each patient is treated individually. Some are on lockdown,some are free to come and go. The kid's a murder suspect. We know he was here, we clear him of being a suspect. Again, unless you have a court order... Your employee was murdered. We're asking for your help. Is there anything you can tell us about when he wasn't legally a patient here yet ? Were you at his intake ? Look, I'm breaking the rules. I can tell you this much... "Mind games" by John Lennon.</i> What day is it, Pete ? If iI said it was monday, you'd tell Exley I said it's tuesday. I know the FBI has this room wired. I'm not a fool. Think about hurting yourself, Pete ? I hurt, and I think, and I watch, and I think. I'm just watching the wheels go round. I love to watch them roll... Pete. Who's your favorite Beatle ? My favorite Beatle is John. They'd talk and she'd have Pete listen to John Lennon music. Julie thought music was a genuine therapy. It's not ? Music works well with brain trauma, but studies are inconclusives with schizophrenia. Honestly, I thought it was a waste of time. Was she like that with all her patients ? She had a unique perspective. Her mom was an undiagnosed schizophrenic. Suicide when Julie was 16. I think when she was with a patient, she was trying to understand her mother. You notice anything going on the day she died ? Just that she didn't show up for work. I left a few messages for her, but I never heard back. Who was this caseworker, the guy with tats ? Juan salazar. Good guy. He left a couple of years ago to work with recovering addicts. Well, thanks for all the info on Pete Scanell. Big help. You know, contrary to popular myth, most paranoid schizophrenics are timid. Pete fit that profile. He was a good kid who was severely ill. An illness that makes you violent. I'd rather be trapped with a paranoid schizophrenic than a bipolar or a borderline personality disorder. You never met the homeless guy that attacked me with a hacksaw. Said Mr Spock made him do it. Most voices are harmless, especially at the onset. It's usually a friend or a family member. I struck out with the judge. No access to Julie's patient records on Pete Scanell. I'll talk to Bell. Maybe he can call in a favor. Got a possible sighting of Pete at Kemble Park. Took off when he saw the uniform. Police can't look too friendly to a paranoid kid. I'll swing by with Valens. Maybe he'll come back around. Vanessa Quarterman came forward at the fire scene. Said she had dinner with the victim the night before. See what she knows. Julie and I were Kappa sisters, real close. I named my daughter after her. Still can't believe it. Was she acting different in any way, upset with anyone ? No, we had a great time. She seemed busy, but happy. You two worked together ? God, no. I got into investment banking for the money, and she was always a do-Gooder. We were quite a pair. Was there a boyfriend in the picture ? I tried to set her up, but she was devoted to work. She was always writing about patients in her journal. She keep this journal at home or at work ? You got me. Did she ever talk about a patient named Pete Scanell ? I only visited there a few times. One too many former thugs working at Tranquility, if you ask me. She ever mention a caseworker, Juan Salazar ? The scary guy with tats ? He gave me the creeps. He giving her any trouble ? She didn't say. But Julie told me that drugs were always disappearing from that place. Thanks for your time, Vanessa. Look, Julie was special. If there's anything I can do to help, please don't hesitate to call. This is a quadrant four security check.</i> I've seen an increase in Trayden activity around here. This is a quadrant four security check.</i> They're coming for us next ! Are you Pete Scanell ? Fourth quarter, two minutes to go in a tie game ! We just want to talk, Pete. Pete, we don't want to hurt you. Get up. Come on. Please don't hurt me ! I don't have the map ! Easy, Pete. You had a heart, the Traydens would release us. The map shows the way to the safety quadrant. It's where they killed the ethereal body when the poison reached their skulls. Pete, can you hear me ? They sent out a ray of energy from the inner plane that helps the listening devices in the clouds. Thank you. Do you have any soda ? Sure. The first trayden agent I met was a nice man. He said quadrant 16 was the safest. The inner plane map will tell you everything. It shows all the hiding places from the destructive energy. Do you remember Dr. Ramierez ? I heard you were a friend of hers. She's a doctor. Everyone says I'm sick. When did you last see her ? She couldn't stop the screams. "Scared" by John Lennon. Are we sure we can trust her ? I think she's dangerous. I thought you might be here, Pete. Are you all right ? After the rain stopped, a Trayden rainbow appeared. Rainbows can be used for etheric travel. Is that right ? Well, could you trust dr. Ramierez, Pete ? You ever want to hurt her ? Exley knew the danger signs. He calls me and he tells me when it's safe. This exley... He another patient of Dr. Ramierez ? Exley's the ensign for the inner plane soul force. Oh, yeah ? Well... Did Exley want to hurt dr. Ramierez ? You're one of them, aren't you ? V-A-L ensign. I should have guessed. How stupid do you think I am ? It's okay. No, and you are a Trayden whore ! Hello, Exley. No. I can't talk right now. It's not safe. You never told me you turned tricks for the Traydens. I checked the weather the morning she died. It was raining. It's a coincidence. Nothing he said made sense. Well, maybe he saw something. - Like himself killing her ? - Galton said Pete's not violent. That guy's a spin doctor for the mentally ill. Look, doer or not, Pete's a sick, scared kid who needs his meds. And we need answers about Julie. I think this kid could have them. He don't know what day it is, Lil. How did you do with Pete Scanell ? He might be our guy, but he's making no sense, he's real bad off. Well, Vera got a hit on Julie's gas card the night she died. 7:30 pm she gassed up her car in Southwark. Got to be ten miles from her house. Nowhere near Tranquility. Well, 302 Scanell. Get him with social services. Boss, we do that, we'll never get another shot at him alone. And if he goes off, we all end up in a jackpot. Kick him to the shrinks. What, you couldn't have told me this before ? 'Cause I was supposed to see him in her play. Now she's gonna think I forgot. We'll talk later. Son of a bitch. Tough case ? Yeah. My ex-wife, aka soulcrusher. Keeps trading visitation days with my daughter. God only knows what she's telling her about me. Still owe you that lunch. Oh, thanks. So, um, how's it going with Scanell ? Well, the judge is playing hardball with Dr. Ramierez's patient records. You ask for her personal notes yet ? Is there a difference ? Yeah. They're not covered by confidentiality laws. What about journals ? And the wisdom to know the difference. Courage and grace to you all. Good meeting. Keep it clean. Clean and sober. Juan Salazar ? Detectives Vera, Miller. Philly homicide. You worked with Julie Ramierez ? Sure, yeah. Julie was an amazing soul. You clean when you were at Tranquility ? I was a caseworker. Helping others. You mean, helping yourself to tramadol ? Got popped for possession of painkillers two days before Julie died. I had a relapse. You know, the journey's always how we plan it, detectives. Well, we're going to be taking you on a journey downtown, you keep lying to us. Julie find out, threaten to turn you in ? Get you fired ? No, and I would never hurt that angel. She got me back into rehab. I was in Arizona when she died. At hope waters, you know, finding the sober road. You can check. You were Pete Scanell's caseworker. Julie having a tough time with him ? Hell, no. She worked miracles for that kid. "#9 dream" by John Lennon.</i> I think the music's helping. He's opening up. He taking his meds ? Prolixin-Haloperidol- Loxitane. Five, two and two dose. Like clockwork. I'm listening to Lennon. #9 Dream. Beautiful song. It makes me feel like I'm floating when I hear it. It makes me feel... Feels like what, Pete ? Like I'm getting better. You are getting better. Thing is, schizophrenics don't get better. Maybe music helped calm him, but all you can really do is medicate and contain relapses. Ever see Pete get violent ? No. The key for a schizophrenic is finding someone he can trust. Pete had that in doc Ramierez. Well, we will check on your sober road at Hope Waters, Salazar. Keep it real. You kick Pete ? Downstairs. Boss finds out, it's your ass, not mine. Salazar looks good ? Nope. New age douchebag's alibi checked out. Someone else's didn't. Vanessa Quarterman. Try Rachel Liebowitz. Multiple personalities ? Her rep at that investment bank said she was just a secretary. And a pathological liar. Check fraud, insurance fraud, shoplifting. Busy woman. Company made her go into mandatory counseling for harassing another female employee. And Julie was her doctor at Tranquility. The night Julie died, you said you were at home with your daughter ? The one you named after Julie ? She just started kindergarten. She can do the whole alphabet except "w". Always forgets that one. Damn, you're good, huh ? Except "w". That's a great detail. - I don't understand. - Let's cut the crap. Your daughter's real name is "don't exist". You've been in trouble since you were a kid. Rachel Liebowitz, west Philly high dropout. kappa my ass. You were Julie's patient at Tranquility. You were stalking her. I would never hurt Julie. I had an unhealthy obsession called "transfer neurosis." It's in the dsm iv. And you're about to spend the night in an unhealthy place if you don't drop the psychobabble lies. Julie was a goddess. I would've walked into that fire to save her. Her problem was not with me. Dr.Jack Galton. Man was a vindictive blowhard. And we should believe you why ? I don't care what you believe. Guy was in the pants of half the nurses. He was all wrong for her. You're saying that was the cause of the fight ? They were more than friends ? I think she was gonna finally dump him. Last time. Where were you the night Julie died ? I really was at home. I was just alone. That'll be all, Geneva. Sorry to barge in, doc. Got a couple follow-up questions. Sure. Sit. You called Julie the night she died ? I did. Where were you ? I was here working late. It wasn't like her to not show up. She didn't answer the phone ? No. I wish she had. See, it was a... 12 minute call. You really just co-workers or there something more going on ? - More ? - Yeah, more, like she dumps your sorry ass, you just can't let her go. You fight on the phone, drive over... We were colleagues. Nothing more. Of course we had professional disagreements. Disagreement turn into a funeral pyre ? We were talking about a patient. I can't discuss it. Right. Court order. Well, how about you not discuss it on the way to the roundhouse ? I was trying to protect Julie's memory. She was misguided, music therapy for schizophrenia ? It's... it's absurd. Yeah, but Pete was doing better. He had started cheeking. - Cheeking ? - Not swallowing his meds. He'd lie to her about it. She'd turn a blind eye to it. "Instant karma" by John Lennon.</i> Pete, calm down. Relax. What's wrong ? Trayden spy! Exley said you stole his sector five document ! Give it back ! I thought you said Pete was timid. A small percentage of schizophrenics are more prone to violence. I had to use an extraordinary amount of mication to calm Pete after that episode. That why Julie was mad at you ? She thought I was gorking him. Gork ? Speak english, doc. Overmedicating, turning him into a zombie. The meds have side effects. The alternative is worse. Pete Scanell disappeared the day before Julie died. You saying Pete went after her ? Schizophrenics are always looking for a safe person, a safe place. He know where she lived ? That morning I... I found him in her office, searching her purse, going through her mail. See, this is the sub-portal transport design. It'll be a gateway to the inner plane. Is the inner plane a safe place for you, Pete ? If the vibrations aren't in flux, I can travel there safely. Was Dr. Ramierez's house a safe place for you ? Pete, when you saw the rainbow, did you go to her house ? Did you have a key ? We should not be discussing this. It's dangerous. Did Dr. Ramierez ever go to the inner plane ? No ! No, she didn't have clearance ! Exley has clearance. God, how many times do I have to tell you people ? Did she know Mr Exley ? - Let's take a break, Lil. - She never met Exley. I gave her a picture of him and me. She kept it in her journal. It was strange. What was strange ? When I gave her the picture... She started to cry. Exley does not like to be photographed. He understands the danger. And this is dangerous. - Dangerous! - Lil... It's okay, Pete. We're done. You keep this guy any longer, he's liable to hurt himself. I seen it, Lil. A guard's watching. Well, he needs a doctor. I need to see her journal first. It was important enough for Pete to mention it. So you get notes on the inner plane ? Picture of a guy who isn't real ? He had no reason to kill her, Scotty. Well, maybe Julie set him off. I mean, he assaulted Galton over Trayden documents. We figure out where he went that day, we put him at the scene or rule him out. Holdindesk tells me you still got Pete Scanell downstairs. I just need a little more time. - I told you to 302 him. - Yeah, sorry, boss. It was my idea. We're getting close. - To what ? - The truth. 9:00 a.M. I want him gone. Get lost on the way home, Will ? I'm back to work. No, not today, soldier. Get some rest. There'll be a nice, comfortable desk waiting for you when you get back. What the hell am I gonna do at home, John ? Besides, it smells like Vera. There you go. Ramierez's journal. The judge owe you one ? Just solid case law, my friend. Requisitioned from a storage room at Tranquility. Messengered it over. Thanks. I owe you... A new kitty sticker. Yeah, my daughter's going through a sticker phase. Been awhile since I last saw her. This thing's barely holding on. Never made it to that play ? Uh, no, no. The ex wouldn't budge. It's like i'm watching a home movie of her growing up, only I'm not in it. Sorry to hear. Yeah, she'd be happy if I walked away. Just gave up, you know ? What about your daughter ? No, never wanted to start a tug-o-War. What ? Never seemed like the kinda guy to give up without a fight. Exley's real. Come on, Lil. Julie was trying to understand what triggered Pete's illness. Some kind of trauma, right ? She figured it out. See, when Pete was six, he was trapped in a house fire with his older brother. Brother died in a fire ? This was clipped inside her journal-- Pete and his brother Michael. Looks like a happy, healthy kid. But brother's dressed exactlylike Pete described Exley. Well, Galton said the voices a schizophrenic hears usually start off as a friend. Or a family member. It gets better. The inner plane ? Check it out. it's a jungle gym. His safe place when he was a kid. Maybe he had one in Philly. Last entry, the day she died : I think I know where Pete ran. It's his safe place. The gas station where Julie filled up at-- Gotta be a park nearby. Exley. Julie found him here. Maybe she told him exley wasn't really the ensign of the inner plane. What's that matter ? She thought if she talked to Pete about his trigger, it would help him. She was fighting his delusion. Tried to take him away from the park, the jungle gym... His safe place. He got upset... I was wrong about Pete. So was Julie. I just got off the phone with the CIA. They want a full report about the fire at Dr. Ramierez's house. The CIA ? You were right, Pete. There's been an influx of Trayden activity. The Traydens are an FBI detail. Strictly federal. No, no, this is bigger than you imagined. We need your help, Pete. Can you do that ? Can you help us out ? I want to help. You told me you were sitting with Exley when you saw the rainbow. Dr. Ramierez walked towards you. Exley didn't trust her. He was right. Did Dr. Ramierez take you away, try to trick you ? - This is dangerous. - I know it is. You need to be strong. You trust me, right ? - I do. - Then tell me what happened. She said Exley wasn't real. If you deny, you're part of it. I didn't want to hurt her, but the Traydens are evil, and their soul force cannot be extinguished by just any manner of death. They have to burn. Thanks, Mr Exley. Why would she betray me ? Pete, Julie was already on the living room floor when you walked in. - Yeah.- Well, Pete, how did you hurt Dr. Ramierez-- Did you hit her ? I don't remember ; I was tired. This is important, Pete. Remember. Close your eyes. You can do it. She found you at the park... And took you home with her. To listen to music. We were talking about the picture. The picture. That one with your brother ? He came back to me in college. He used to help me, give me advice, but... Then he went away. You used to go to the park together ? We used to play on the jungle gym, watch the other kids on the tire ride. Watching the wheels. That's my favorite John Lennon song. Yeah, it's a good one. So you didn't get mad when she talked about your past ? No. It just makes me tired. I... I didn't want to hurt her. But I got the call. From Exley ? Do you remember what time Exley called ? I hung up at 10:14. Saw it on the phone. Were you on a phone like this ? No. Dr. Ramierez gave me her cell phone when she found me at the park, said call her if I got lost again. Then that call was real. What did Exley tell you ? He said... Dr. Ramierez was evil. Yeah ? That her soul had to be extinguished. I burned the house. I hurt her. You didn't hurt anyone, Pete. You understand ? What time was Galton's phone call to Julie ? 10:02 to 10:14. This doc had some kind of personal beef with her. Or professional. What else do we know about the good doctor ? I appreciate you coming in, doctor. Anything to help. Man, this psychology stuff. All these... disorders, it's pretty complex. I've published a number of books that are easy, for the layman. Yeah ? I might have to borrow one. Uh, I mean, you guys got a pill for every little problem. There's one called... Man, these medical words. Halo...Per... Haloperidol. Yeah, yeah, what is that ? It's a neuroleptic. Helps alleviate numerous symptoms. From what I get, it's basically an antipsychotic. That's not bad-- I've been reading this thing. I'm not sure I follow. We're looking into the medication that was stolen from the clinic. Uh, burglary report filed by Tranquility in '04. Antipsychotics went missing, too. - You know anything about that ? - No. Pete was on haloperidol. It's used to help treat schizophrenia. Thing is, it could also help with, uh, narcissistic personality disorder. - You familiar with that one ? - Of course. Would you mind, uh, reading the definition out loud ? 'Cause i'll just mess up the words. "Symptoms of NPD are a pervasive pattern of grandiosity and need for admiration. patient has a sense of entitlement, is exploitative, and takes advantage of others to his own end. shows arrogant behaviors... or attitudes." That sounds like a fancy way of saying someone's a horse's ass. It sounds like someone who'd make his patients wash his car. Someone who'd dip into their money. And hire former patients like Geneva to be at his beck and call, treat him like a king. Kind of sounds... Like you. - What the hell is this ?- You stole Pete's meds to do a little self-medicating. That's why he was pissed at you. Give it back-- He was talking about his pills. So what, you're... you're a doctor now ? No. But Julie was. So she diagnosed you with... Ah, narcissistic personality disorder in her complaint to the AMA. Care to read that one, too ? - I don't have to listen to this. - Of course not... You're the executive director of the Pennsylvania medical group. Diagnosed by a woman who'd only been practicing three years. You've written books... That sold 12 copies. You know, maybe she was right. Incompetent, arrogant and abusive. You sure you went to med school, doc ? Julie'd be running that place by now if she were still alive. But unlike you, she actually cared about her patients, about helping people. I care deeply. You people have no idea... The good work I do. I have won countless grants and honors. I have set therapeutic goals for patients that Julie was too narrow-minded to comprehend. I have patients that admire and respect me. Me ! Not julie ! Me ! So you went to her house to straighten her out. - You bet I did. - But she wouldn't listen to you. She had to be stopped. She was sick. I called you earlier, and... Pete Scanell answered. What's going on, Julie ? I gave him my cell phone, just in case. You gave him your phone ? When ? He can't be on the street, Dr. Galton. So, you brought him home with you. He's... he's asleep in the basement. He needs a place to stay. So you think he's better off here than at Tranquility. He said he ran away because you took something from his room. This from a kid who hallucinates on a daily basis. I believe him, Jack... You took his meds. He has no concept of reality. The disease eradicated it. The disease didn't eradicate his sense of honesty, his soul. He's a good kid, and I believe in him. And you say I cross lines. Excuse me ? The complaint you filed against me with the AMA. You didn't think I'd find out about that, the people I know ? - Please, keep your voice down. - Don't tell me what to do. I've seen with my own eyes how you treat the patients. Tomorrow you will call the AMA and tell them you made a mistake. I'm sorry, jack, I can't do that. You will do what I say ! I think you need help. Dr. Kellerman is expecting your call. What, what, uh, what, you're gonna analyze me ? You're sick, Jack. Sick ? I treat the sick. You're not helping them. You've got to help yourself first. You know nothing! Pete. It's Exley. There's a problem I need you to take care of. Good news, Pete. I found a caseworker who pulled some strings, got you in a board and care. They'll get you back on your meds, take care of you. Okay. And I want you to know... Julie believed in you. You understand ? Uh, Ms. Rush ? Yes ? This place... You've done a sweep for listening devices-- It's safe, right ? It's safe, Pete. "Watching the wheels" by John Lennon.</i> * People say I'm crazy doing what I'm doing,* * Well, they give me all kinds of warnings to save me from ruin * * when I say that i'm okay well,they look at me kind of strange * * surely you're not happy now you no longer play the game * * I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round * * I really love to watch them roll * * no longer riding on the merry-Go-Round * * I just had to let it go, * * people asking questions lost in confusion...* * Well I tell them there's no problem, only solutions * * Well they shake their heads * * and they look at me as if I've lost my mind * * I tell them there's no hurry * * I'm just sitting here doing time * * I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round * * I really love to watch them roll *