at Fishtown Gardens tonight. Dock rats taking on the Manayunk Chieftains at home.</i> Vicious rivalry. Lots of blood on the ice tonight; two periods</i> of nonstop mayhem. Deep in the third period, chieftains 4-2.</i> Dock rats feeling the pain. All right, Flanagan, get in there. - Try not to get hurt. - Okay, coach. Shorthanded Dock Rats subbing in little Tommy Flanagan at the point. Stick handling up to the hash marks.</i> Oh ! He just nailed him ! Stay down, you little pygmy ! Next time, it's your head ! Masters all over Flanagan ! Yet another penalty on the chieftains.</i> Cross-checking; two more minutes in the sin bin</i> for Cullen Masters. "Ramblin' gamblin' man" by Bob Segler.</i> Flanagan with a breakaway on the power play,</i> All alone at the point ! Chance the Dock Rats have been fighting for all night.</i> Is this Flanagan's moment ? He shoots ! No ! That was a scoring opportunity denied.</i> Flanagan ! Get your bony ass over here ! Wide open goal, rookie mistake. What the hell were you thinking, Slap shot that close in ? Get your head in the game ! I'm sorry, coach. It won't happen again. President Carter greeting the U.S. miracle hockey team at the white house today following their</i> incredible upset victory leading to a gold medal</i> over the heavily favored russians.</i> Cullen Masters... you ever heard of the guy ? Who'd he play for ? Manayunk Chieftains. Atlantic seaboard hockey conference. Bush-league, folded in '81. What's his story ? Well, charged for a murder in 1980. A hockey player named Tommy Flanagan, played for the Fishtown Dock Rats. Killed on the ice. "Opposing defenseman, booted out of the game, threatens to kill the kid in front of witnesses." Yeah, Tommy's blood on his jersey, no alibi. Arrested him, but the DA dropped charges. So what, is he here to confess ? Skated on this murder once already. You sure you want to try your luck again ? Night the U.S. hockey team beats the russians in the olympics, "miracle on ice", my life goes to hell. February 22, the night Tommy was killed ? Punk on a rival team kept getting in my face. He was five, five, a buck-fifty. You outweighed him by what, 70 pounds ? The kid didn't know when to quit. You're not making much of a case for your innocence here. Tommy got me kicked out of the game that day. I made a few threats. You said you were gonna cave his head in. Pretty specific. That night the U.S. Won, hockey players were like gods. Women were going nuts. Even a goon like me. Saying you got lucky ? College girl from Spokane. Brenda something. Spent the night in the back of her pinto. Next morning, she splits. Tommy turns up dead. And you're on the hook for murder. Never went to trial, but it didn't matter. Everybody was sure it was me, wouldn't let me live it down. Look, I messed a lot of things up. This is the only thing I ever did right, my boy, Jason. He's 11 now. Wants to play hockey. I sign him up. Junior league asked me to leave. Won't let him play 'cause of what they say I did. It broke his heart. Well, there's always soccer. Sad kid Ain't reason enough to reopen a murder case. I kept searching for the girl from that night. Internet, even hired a PI. This "backseat Brenda"? Lives in Maine. Married, got kids. Not too happy about the phone call, But she'll vouch for me for that night. Brenda Patterson. Look at the file. Pull the record. Wasn't my stick killed him. Whoever took Tommy Flanagan's life, is still out there. You find him, maybe my son gets to believe in his dad again. Cold Case Season 7 Episode 10 Iced Checked on masters' story with Brenda from Bangor. Confirmed his alibi. Still trying to shake the image of that man in the backseat of a Pinto. So's she. Country was taking it on the chin in '80 : Hostages in Iran, soviets in Afghanistan, double-digit inflation. And then there was "Miracle on ice". David takes on Goliath, and we come out with a win. We sent amateur kids, they sent pros. Country got some of its pride back. Yeah, minor leagues like the one Tommy was in, Came and went in the '70s and '80s. A rough trade. Aggressive hockey, lots of fights. This kid a little small for that bunch ? Little guys scrap until they're hamburger. Dougie Gilmour, Theo fleury in the punch-up in Piestany. Nigel Dawes. Rangers ? Screw that guy. What'd the DA's office have to say about dropping the case in '80 ? Evidence against Masters was circumstantial, hearsay. 36 hours in interrogation, guy wouldn't crack. Needed a confession on a case like this and they weren't getting it. This murder happened late. After the olympic game. What's this kid doing at the rink that hour ? Somebody had to have access, let him in. Coach, janitors, zamboni guy. Let's talk to them again, see if their stories Still hold up, find out who else could've had a key. Took his first hit in front of the players' bench, shattered the stick. Couldn't get a clean print off the murder weapon. Sverre... Brand's norwegian. Nice gear. That's a customized hand-carved piece of wood. Masters said it wasn't his stick. Cops never figured out whose it was. I'll run it through CSU. See if we can get DNA. Well, Tommy's older brother, Sean, was pretty hot at Masters after he got off. - Hassled him for months. - Let's talk to him first. See what he knows about this number. Rangers. So, um... You find out about this weekend ? Yeah, Veronica's got a thing at school. What about Tuesday ? Cle review. I think I'm supposed to teach it. I'll try to cancel. No. I can try to get a sitter. Maybe Thursday ? My favorite day. Pick me up at 8:00. Trying to tell me That meathead son of a bitch wasn't the one who killed him ? Just asking if you know anybody else had it in for Ttommy ? Me and my brother weren't real close. We ran in different circles, you know ? This is the stick that killed your brother. Recognize it ? No. Asked me that back in '80. It's, uh, high-end stuff. It's got a really nice curve at the toe. - Sound like you know the game. - Played center in high school. Got blindsided on a motorcycle and messed my leg up and that was that. Ma was sick. Tommy was kind of a layabout. So someone had to pick up the slack. So how'd Tommy get into playing ? Economy's in the crapper and no jobs. Local leagues'd spring up, Started tossing pennies to anyone who'd take a hit. Fight club on skates. Tommy wasn't really cut out for it. I tried to warn him, but... "Her strut" by Bob Seger. Try this. Good, right ? Chicks love the sugar. They can't taste the alcohol, till "bam", it just hits 'em. I don't know. I mean, what do I say ? Don't gotta say nothing, that's the beauty of it. Listen, all else fails. Pick up a case of schenkers, Get enough of that Schuylkill swill in 'em, they can't say no. You are sick, you know that ? Will you two marys keep your voices down ? You're gonna wake up ma. Tell him, LT. Dock rats are holding open tryouts Tuesday. Little Tommy's gonna get on the ice. Now, get serious, Tommy. What're you gonna hit them with, huh ? Elfin magic ? That's better than just giving up like you did. Are you trying to be funny ? Look at you... a love tap like that puts you on your ass, But you're gonna go play league hockey with these animals ? Dock rats is no place for you. It's just a goon squad looking for cannon fodder to draw penalties. You're too little, bro. So hit me again, sean. You know I can take anything you dish out. 'cause I'm still a Flanagan. I don't know what got into him, but he took it real serious. Any idea what he was doing on the ice that night ? I don't know... Practicing, maybe. How'd he get into the rink that late ? Tommy's idiot friend, Dwight. Two of them were a regular frick and frack. Dwight had a key made so he could play asteroids in the lobby all night. He try out for the Dock Rats, too ? Dwight ? Please. Ma on her deathbed ran a quicker 40. Closest he ever got was dealing pot to the team. Hey, buddy ! You want to pay for that thing now that you got the pages all sticky ? Magazine racket ain't what it used to be, huh ? The frickin' internet. Everybody thinks they can get their jollies for free. Well, what can I do for you, blue eyes ? Tommy Flanagan. Remember him ? Sure, Tommy was my boy. Buds since the third grade. Lost my best friend the night that Masters tool took him out. And where were you ? Driving a snowplow. There was a big storm that night. I was clearing parking lots till dawn. Anybody else come to mind have a beef with Tommy ? You saying Mmasters didn't do it ? Saying we're looking into it. Answer the question. Could've been any one of those guys on the team. My stupid idea, him trying out for those bunch of thugs. And you'd know-- dealing weed and pills to them. Whoa, wait. You know, so I did a little business. I mean, come on, the economy sucked. You had your own key to the place. Come and go as you pleased. So did half the team. Let me tell you something. Those characters were marginal to begin with. And everybody likes an underdog, until he starts making them look bad. "Rock'n Roll Never Forgets" by Bob Seger.</i> Let's go, Tommy ! That's my boy out there, in the blue. See him ? Little Tommy. The shrimpy guy ? I thought he was a mascot. Check out Charlie Hustle. Scrub with the shiny, new skates. Nice gear, little man ! That necklace is beautiful. What is that, lapis ? Matches your eyes. Say, you two ever do any modeling ? Whoops, there they go! Hit him, Tommy ! Hey, that's enough ! That's enough ! Come on ! That's enough ! That's enough ! Hey ! Hey ! You got my attention. Krause, hit the showers. Hit the showers ! Get done, see me in my office. They all said Little T pushed to hard. He never knew when to dial it back. The ass-clown who picked the fight, he get cut ? Krause. He was too old to be taking the kind of hits that league dished out. Always shying away at the boards. Coach put him out to pasture. Yeah, and he gave Tommy his spot on the line. Krause, you know, He... He asked the coach for, like, an assistant job, but he had to settle for equipment manager. So his job to order the sticks for the team ? Messed with Tommy's gear, too. Dropped his helmet in the john one time. The cops talked to you back in '80, never thought to mention this ? They never asked. And with a scumbag like masters on the hook... who's gonna listen ? Ladies are bringing it ! Yeah, we got a shot at division II championship this winter. Work 'em harder, see if they want it bad enough. Work harder ? Sounds like something Tommy Flanagan might have said. - Kid ever give you trouble, krause ? - Tommy ? Nah. Way we heard it, he took your spot on the line after you went to seed. Little guy had no business out there, but he played hard, he sucked it up, left it all on the ice. Sounds like you respected him. - I did. - That why you dropped a deuce in his helmet back in '80 ? We all hazed Tommy. It wasn't personal. Recognize this stick ? Yeah. Sverre. Too rich for that bunch of gorillas. We used koho 310s. - Ever see tommy with it ? - Not that I recall. Look... Tommy wasn't the one we hated. Team had a common enemy : it was coach Heaton. "Roll Me Away" by Bob Seger. Again ! Come on ! Pathetic ! Think that weak-ass drill will hold up against Pittsburgh ? Bunch of murderers... Gonna chew you up and spit you out. Flanagan the only one with legs that can finish that drill ? He's half your size, but he's got more heart than any three of you pansies. I'm not gonna come out here and waste my time If you're not gonna bring your a game to the ice ! Do you hear me ?! Flanagan ! What the hell are you staring at ? Uh... Nothing, coach. Sorry. All heart, no skill. All legs, no ability. You know what that is ? That's a one-way ticket to craptown, son. You just earned the team another round. On your feet ! Again ! Heaton was a sadist. Played guys hurt, burned them out, no mercy, Like he got off on it. What about this girl in the stands ? Guys called her "jailbait Molly", coach's daughter. Strictly off limits. You ever see Tommy and this jailbait Molly together ? Yeah, once or twice, chatting it up. Looked kind of cozy to me. Let's go, Julie ! Come on ! That's it ! Hey. Hey. So, um, I got the sitter for Veronica on Thursday; we're set. I-I thought you said Tuesday. Thursday. Your favorite day? Curtis... Let me call my sitter, maybe switch. No, it's okay. I'm busy, you're busy. - It's like pulling teeth getting a few minutes alone. / - Yeah. Hello ? Oh. Hang on. N-no, not you. No, no, this is a great time. Sorry. CSU got nothing off the stick. No DNA other than Flanagan's blood. Sverre went out of business in the '90s; Composite sticks started taking over. Hundred-dollar sticks were big bucks in 1980. I'm gonna round up local hockey teams, see who was rocking custom lumber. Well, Heaton's coaching the Jacksonville Manatees, an away game in Trenton. Big-time hockey there. Said he was meeting with the team owner the night of Tommy's murder. - Checking it out. - Well, Rush's got his daughter Molly in the boss's office, gonna see what she and Tommy had going on. 229 background you filled out... that's a lot of schools, Molly. - Move around a lot as a kid ? - Hockey brat. Dad was always on the road, from team to team. Stayed in Philly to graduate, never left. All my friends were here. All your friends, like Tommy Flanagan ? What do you mean ? Well, you two, you know... close ? I didn't date hockey players. Well, teammates said you two were making eyes at the rink. Your father have a problem with that ? It was fine for him to be out on the road 300 days a year with those idiots, But god forbid one of them holds the door open for me. - His way of looking out for you ? - I don't know. Never was easy to read the guy; gave up trying. Think he was hard on his players ? Try being his daughter. Any reason he'd be especially hard on Tommy ? Look, he was cute, but dad didn't have anything to worry about. Tommy was focused on the game. Besides, he had enough problems without me adding to them. "Night moves" by Bob Seger. Hey, Molly ! Slap shot's coming along. Yeah, I'm not sure your dad would say the same thing. You're still here, aren't you ? Yeah, what's left of me. I don't really know what I'm doing out here. Logging all these hours. I don't know if I'll ever be any good. Yeah, you should probably quit. Yeah. Maybe. Are you going to that new year's eve party, Uh, over on Cumberland ? Thinking about it. Why ? Oh, no, I just was... wondering, maybe... maybe... Yeah, maybe... what ? I don't know. Maybe I'd see you over there or something ? What the hell did I tell you ?! I told you not to touch it, didn't I ? - Just checking the... - Didn't I ? Now you're out here driving slap shots with it ? Sean, I'm not... You think I'm washed up, isn't it ? You think I'm done ? - No, sean, I don't... - The stick's mine ! I catch you with it again, I'm gonna take it upside your head. You could smell the whiskey coming off the guy ten feet away. So Sean was still playing hockey back then ? You get a look at the stick ? Not really. But he definitely had that washed-up jock thing going on. I've seen my share. You Valens ? Yeah. Pierson, central. Got six messages asking about a robbery pattern. Listen, uh... Dayley's market... what do you got ? Couple of similars around the neighborhood, same M.O. Knockdown purse snatchings, older female victims. Any injuries? Bumps and bruises; nothing serious. Well, what about leads? Uh, description, eyeballs, anything? Usual mess... he's black, he's white, He's tall, he's a half-pint. What's with you on this thing ? Nothing. A case we got. Just keep me posted, will you ? Still gives you goose bumps, huh ? Even my russian grandpop went bonkers. People forget we still had to beat the Finns just to get a medal. What's this I hear about you going back out on the ice again ? Little pickup league. Me and some guys reliving our glory days. You want to come ? You ain't seen hockey till you seen it live. I'll have the EMT's waiting. So Sean wasn't just good, he was Sean "the shamrock" Flanagan. Real stud on ice in Canada. Champion center in the AAA leagues. Shot at the miracle team in '80. "Stick and blade magazine, March '79." Take a look at the stick. You see that ? There it is. A shamrock. Luck of the irish just ran out. Impressive stuff, shamrock. Most athletes, can't shut 'em up about their glory days. But you, a champion... not so much as a peep. Why so bashful, Sean ? Ancient history. Everything I had got taken away. Accident on your bike in Calgary. Blindsided, right ? Shattered my femur. Same night you found out you were invited to the olympic tryouts. Could've been the only Philly kid on the squad. So close I could taste it. Night of the accident, Your blood alcohol level was a .16. Witnesses say you were playing chicken with a logging truck. Wasn't an accident benched you. Just pure stupidity. Is that you, with the stick that killed your brother? Same stick you said wasn't yours ? I never wanted to see this damn thing again. The night I crashed... this stick survived the impact that ended my career. Not even a scratch on it. Killed my brother. Thing is cursed. Stick didn't ice your brother on its own, Sean. Somebody swung it. Not me. Didn't want to admit it then, but it was Tommy's time. Idiot Dwight called for you again. I'll catch up with him after the game. Are you coming today ? Ma's not doing good. Needs me here. Hey, Tommy. Alberta... Final 20 seconds of the game, I get a clean breakaway. Mancuso's in the goal and... Man, I don't even know how it happened, I just... I moved my hands, you know, and this stick put it in the twine. Won the championship. That's yours now. Sean, you're gonna need that, you know, when you get back to Calgary. It ain't gonna happen. It's over, Tommy. Look, it's your time now, bro, okay ? Take it. Stick didn't win that game, Sean. It was all you. I'll tell you what. You girls win today, I'll catch your next home game. Maybe even bring ma. Now go on, get out of here. I wanted to watch the olympics with him that night. But he said he had plans. You never mentioned these plans to the police. Just figured he'd blown me off for the team. Like maybe they accepted him. I used to love that game, you know ? Give anything to get back on the ice with my brother... Just one time. Thanks, Michelle. Scotty, you should eat something. You look thin. Listen, I've been looking into things up at dayley's market. Scotty, I told you alread... Ma, I know what happened to you. The guy knocked you down, took your purse. Did you get a look at him ? It was my fault. Walking out, I knew something was off. I feel like a fool. Had to cancel all my cards. It's not your fault. It just happens. You don't got time to react. No. Your father... He'd have gone crazy if I told him. Never let me out of his sight. No, pops don't need to know. But, ma, look, I need you to help me stop this guy From hitting anybody else. I have some mug shots I need you to look at. Oh, mijo, it all happened too fast. I didn't see him. I want to help you... ... but I can't. Your boys are roughing up Trenton tonight, huh ? 14 and six, hungry season. This kind of distraction's hard on them. Since when do you care about your players ? Drive them hard, burn them out, move on. Yeah, made a career of it, starting with the dock rats in '80. Don't run games that way anymore. A different time, a different game. So the night of the miracle on ice, remember where you were ? Meeting with the owner, ran long. Future of the team was at stake. See, that's strange, Because we checked with his secretary. Said the team owner was on a plane back to Boston early that night. A snowstorm was blowing in-- flew out to beat it. Missed the miracle. Must have mixed up my times. That's not the only thing about that meeting you got mixed up. Like trying to get Tommy kicked off the team. Now hold on. No, owner said no way. That Tommy had spunk. The kid was a draw. You were pissed. The next day, Tommy's on ice, and you're lying - about what you were doing. - I don't have to listen to this. How come you don't talk to your daughter anymore, coach ? Molly. Hard as I was on my players, I was tougher on her. Or after you iced her boyfriend, the two of youse had a falling out. Rules on Molly were clear, but Tommy was violating the policy. You couldn't get rid of him one way, time to run a different play. - One that ends with him dead. - You got it wrong. Any player I wouldn't have minded seeing Molly with, It was Tommy. Kid had more guts than any guy I ever coached. "Fire down below" by Bob Seger. We are scoreless and down to the last two minutes of the third period.</i> Both teams fighting it out back and forth.</i> Nothing in the twine. Oh, and yet another illegal hit</i> from Cullen Masters. I'll tell you, that's going to draw a penalty.</i> You're throwing me out 'cause this little freak ?! Get up, punk ! Catch you alone, I'm gonna kick your candy-ass! Cullen Masters ejected from the game.</i> And none too soon. Tommy Flanagan will get the penalty shot. Once chance, Tommy. Can you do this ? Yeah, coach. I got it. Flanagan shoots. He's got it ! And he scores ! Little Tommy Flanagan scores ! One nothing at home, Dock Rats take it !</i> Little Tommy Flanagan. Unbelievable ! He is truly... a hometown hero ! I put him on the spot, he delivered. Tried to get him released from the Dock Rats to offer him a better shot, A better shot ? How ? A coach at Powell university lost its First line to injuries. Tommy could have subbed. Division II hockey. A shot at college. Well, what about Tommy and Molly ? Anything going on with them, I didn't know about. But I wouldn't have stood in the way. A little gap in Molly's school records. What's wrong with this picture ? Her graduating class, 1980. December, 1980. Seven months later than everybody else. Straight "A" student... how does that happen ? Three days after Tommy was killed, Coach shipped her off to st. Emily's in Lancaster. That's where good unwed catholic girls go to have babies. No one's supposed to know about. So Tommy and Molly weren't just close. She was pregnant. And coach covered it up. No wonder they don't talk anymore. Let's bring Molly back in. Work both of them till one of them cracks. I have to say, I kinda get what you saw in Tommy. Not a bad looking kid. I told you we weren't involved that way. The Dock Rats said you two were getting pretty close. That is up until Tommy got killed. And you got carted off the Lancaster, in the middle of your senior year. St. Emily's. Why there, Molly ? Your daughter was pregnant. You went out on a limb for Tommy Flanagan. - And this is how he pays you back ? - The kid was a sniper. He finds an opportunity, he puts it in the net. Molly never told me who the father was. But you knew, didn't you, coach ? He was ashamed of you. He sent you away, forced you to give up the baby. He was my father. He was protecting me. No, he was trying to sweep it under the rug. Erase it from history - by killing Tommy... - You don't understand ! She wanted to give the baby up. It was her choice. You're saying you were fine with her keeping it ? Then ? No. If I could take it all back, handle things differently, I'd do it in a second. But that night, when Molly told you she was pregnant, - you went to the rink. - No ! I swear to you, I did not kill that boy. If I just told him the truth... Maybe Tommy would still be alive. Told him what, Molly ? About the baby. What about the baby ? It wasn't Tommy's. Whose was he ? Oh, God. I'm so ashamed. Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! Did you see that ?! It's a miracle ! We won ! We just won ! Hey. Hey, come on. We won. What's wrong ? Tommy, that party... New year's eve... I thought you were gonna be there. I waited. He kept saying you were coming, That you were his boy. Wait. Who said that ? I couldn't even taste the alcohol. Didn't realize I was getting so drunk. He started kissing me. Oh, God, I let him ! Molly, who ? Dwight. It was Dwight. Tommy, I'm pregnant. I tried to tell him about it, but he won't even look at me. Tommy, please, I'm so sorry. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I broke his heart. Mine, too. After you told him, he left... and headed back to the rink ? Yeah. Said he needed a place to think. My dad came home, he'd seen I was crying. I told him I was pregnant. And let him believe it was Tommy's. Had the baby that fall... little girl. Never found out what happened to her. But not a day goes by I don't think of them both. Molly, what name did you put on the birth certificate as the father ? None. I left it blank. How's that look ? Gotta fade the type a little more. Spill some coffee on it. Try this one. I'll run it through The copier again. Snowplow owner confirmed Dwight Bbarnes worked for him until March of 1980. "Fired for cause subcontracting plow jobs to his 14-year-old brother." For months. Boss got wind when the kid fell asleep at the wheel and plowed into a dunkin' donuts. So Dwight wasn't working the night tommy was killed. Remember a girl named molly heaton? Coach's daughter, right ? Major babe. You ever hook up with that? I could've. It's hard to say. How's that work ? You ply her with the schuylkill swill and quaaludes, till she don't know what hit her ? Please. I had it going on au naturel. I didn't need no chemical help. Well, you must've peaked in the '80s, Dwight, 'cause I just don't see it. Now, Tommy, that's different; Athlete, star on the ice. Little Tommy ? Come on. Snakin' your best friend's girl WWhile he's not looking ? What kind of loser move is that ? I never tapped that girl, all right ? She shouldn't flatter herself. Well, congratulations, Dwight, you're a father. Whoa. Whoa, wait a minute. You never hooked up with Molly ? How's your name on the birth certificate ? What is it, immaculate conception ? The bitch is lying ! That's not my kid. Not my kid, not my problem. You banged Tommy's girl to bring him down a peg. Tommy was ducking your phone calls. Getting respect on the ice. He had a shot to go to college, a better life. He was leavin' you in the dust. You had to put him in his place. That's crap ! You don't know jack. Know it was your brother driving the snowplow that night. Your alibi? Just bit the dust. And we know Tommy was pissed at you for jumping on Molly. And we got the DNA off the stick that killed Tommy. Gonna match yours ? Well, you're gonna need a sample from me, aren't you ? No way. It ain't gonna happen. - You sure about that, Dwight ? - Oh, yeah, I'm sure. Because I know my rights, and you've gotta have my consent. Come here ! You just gave it. Hey, you get out in front of this, ve'll talk to the DA, tell him you cooperated, and see what we can do. Damn. This whole Molly thing, he couldn't let it go. He hardly even knew the girl. You and Tommy were pals long before that, right ? That's what I'm saying. I just went there to talk. He acted like he was better than me. Figured I'd find you here. Some win, huh ? Chicks are going ape out there. Maybe even get you laid. Miracles happen, right ? What the hell is wrong with you ? Molly. I know what you did, Dwight. Tommy, listen... - You knew I liked her, man. - Come on, lt ! I told you chicks respect guys who step up, pull the trigger. She's pregnant, dwight. Come on. That kid could be anybody's, sporty little slut like that. What the hell, Tommy ?! What are you, like some big shot now ? Wouldn't be out here if it wasn't for me. Man, just get out of here. Get out of here. Oh, play a few hockey games, now all of a sudden you're too good to call me back ? Blowing me off ? Loses the girl. Well, boo-hoo ! Now Little Tommy's gonna judge me. Little Tommy, tell me how to live my life ? Tommy ? I ain't Little Tommy no more ! You don't get to call me that ! Everybody always calls you a tool, and I'm the only one that sticks by you ! The only one ! Let you push me around, I play your wingman, for this ?! They're right about you... You're nothing but a loser. Take it back, LT. That kid is better off not knowing the truth about you, anyway. Take it back, Tommy ! Take it back ! You're a loser, Dwight. You always will be. "Against the wind" by Bob Seger. * Seems like yesterday * * But it was long ago * * Janey was lovely * * She was the queen of my nights* * There in the darkness with the radio playing low * * And the secrets that we shared * * Mountains that we moved * *Caught like a wildfire out of control* * Till there was nothing left to burn * * and nothing left to prove * * And I remember what she said to me * * How she swore that it never would end * * I remember how she held me, oh, so tight * * Wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then * * Against the wind * * We were running against the wind * *We were young and strong* * We were running against the wind * * and the years rolled slowly past * * and I found myself alone * * Surrounded by strangers I thought were my friends * * I found myself further and further from my home * * And I guess I lost my way * * There were, oh, so many roads * * I was living to run and running to live * * Never worried about paying or even how much I owed * * Moving eight miles a minute for months at a time * * Breaking all of the rules