A lot can change in a year, Jeff. People lose perspective. Lose perspective? You're talking to the class president, captain of the track team, 4P0-meter dash state record holder. Save it, Carl Lewis. So what do you plan to do during this so-called self-enlightening sabbatical? Travel. I'm going to backpack around and get jobs when I run out of money. What kind of jobs? A clue for the less enlightened. Uh, teaching English in Beijing... picking artichokes in Spain... That sounds very romantic. But what's wrong with a semester abroad once you're at Cornell? Well, you don't go abroad until you're a junior. That's four years away. And I'm burnt out now. You don't want me turning into some mental case, do you, Mom? You care to weigh in here, Ben? Are you even listening? Yeah. Artichokes. The first time you're home for dinner, you're not really home. He's 17. He doesn't have to figure out his future before dessert. We got to go. Honey? This is Tom Parker. He's, uh... he's a US Marshal. A US Marshal? - What's going on? - Dad? You can use these to pack. Pack what? Whatever you want to take with you. Where are we going? I don't understand. What's going on, Mom? Ben, talk to me. Tom's gonna help us. Everything's going to be fine. But we need to go. Now. It's a specialized system. Not some push-and-play you get at the mall. 9:10 AM You're not going to let this go, are you? Lil, explain to Nick when you're a guest in someone's home, you treat it like a castle. Trouble in paradise? I accidentally put a beer down on one of King Arthur's speakers here, for which I've apologized. Multiple times. First of all, it's a tube amp, not a speaker. And you not only used it as a coaster, you moved it. Maybe two inches. Yeah, sent the acoustics straight to hell and warped my Benny Carter vinyl.</i> Two words for you guys: couples counseling. I'm Detective Rush. Can I help you? My son Jeff-- I don't know where he is. He left for school yesterday. He never came back. He's not answering his cell phone. I'm sorry, ma'am. This is Homicide. I brought his computer 'cause... We're not Missing Persons. I can walk you over there if you'd like. They told me downstairs that you deal with old murders, and, um... I found this in my son's room. And I don't know how long he's had it. "Body of six-foot Caucasian male, brown hair, "believed to be in his early 40s, "found in the Schuylkill September 24, 2008. Victim wearing jeans and a gray T-shirt..." It was an R.E.M. concert T-shirt. This is... this has to be Ben. This is about my husband, Ben Feldman. You're saying your son's missing and your husband was murdered? I sound like a lunatic. I'm not. Where did you think your husband was all this time? We didn't know. We just... we just kept hoping that he would come walking through the door. Who would've wanted to kill him? My husband was an accountant. He was about to testify against someone in organized crime. Organized crime? Someone in Philly? No, Providence. Freddy Ghiacconi. You saying you're in WITSEC? Witness Protection? That's why we moved to Philly. You contact WITSEC when your husband went missing? No, I don't trust them anymore. Please... Detective, I already lost my husband. I don't want to lose my son, too. COLD CASE Season 06 - Episode 15 WITNESS PROTECTION on September 24, 2008. MEs estimate it'd been in the water two to three days. Tracks with what Leigh said. Ben disappeared September 21. Concert T-shirt. Automatic for the People. Vintage R.E.M. It was a .380 to the back of the head. Ain't how you expect an accountant to go down. Well, Ben took on a client who ended up being connected. Next thing you know, he's doing the books for Freddy "The Ice Man" Ghiacconi. Once you're in... There's only one way out. Gotta talk to this Ghiacconi. Know where to find him. His trial's been going on for the last four months up in Providence. Probably got an army of lawyers. Hey, what'd Leigh tell you about Ben's last moves? Well, they were in Cape May on the 21st. Ben went to Philly that night to get money out of a locker at 30th Street Station. Guy afraid of banks? Gonna want to check security tapes. Well, he would've had to drive. Probably take the Garden State to the Ben Franklin or Walt Whitman. Those cameras at the bridges should be able to get a timed photo of Ben coming through. Yeah. Wanna check impounds, see if his car turned up? Just got back from the morgue. Keep John Does on ice for a year, and get this: Ben's body was ID'd yesterday. By who? His son, Jeff. He's in Philly. And he's alive. Least he was at 4:00 yesterday. Morgue attendant said the first thing he asked about a body found in the river was what kind of gun was used. Already knew it was a gunshot wound. We got to find that kid, see what else he knows. Hey, you Curtis Bell? Yup. Who are you? I'm Detective Rush. You've been ducking me. He look church-ready to you? Squeaky clean. Shot his grandma for her Social Security check last year. Now he's my eyewitness in a drive-by. So, uh, what'd you call about? Second or third time? Yeah, I don't really do voice mail. I need your approval for a warrant for a missing kid's cell phone-- GPS or any data. GPS-- they have that kind of thing on cell phones now? Yeah, they do. Scotty, Agent Tom Parker. Hey. Have a seat. So what's this about? A witness of yours, Ben Feldman. Accountant who was supposed to testify against Freddy Ghiacconi. Yeah, washed up in the Schuylkill in September-- gunshot. Oh, wow. Guy goes missing-- you bother to investigate? Well, the trail went cold. I have more witnesses than I can handle. And then we'd already videotaped his testimony. You think Ghiacconi had him killed? Well, it'd certainly lighten his load. Ghiacconi's been in the ACI since June. Trial started November 1, and it's still going on. Ben was your witness, and killed on your watch. How's that happen? Witnesses are unpredictable. You should know that. Don't always play by the rules. Something going on with the family? The usual chaos. People enter WITSEC, they have to leave old friends, old lives behind forever. Listen... I can only set people up, I can't make them stay... Where were you born, Jeff? Ames, Iowa. What brought you to Philadelphia, Leigh? My husband had an opportunity in online accounting. Can I at least call my mother? Do you know what she must be going through? We disappeared into thin air. It's safer for her, for all of us, if no one knows where we are, Leigh. You'll do anything to avoid my mother, won't you? And what about Jeff's education? How is he going to get into Cornell with two last names? Two transcripts? Starting tomorrow, he'll be attending St. Xavier High School. Um... we're Jewish. Not in Philadelphia you're not. You're not a sprinter anymore, either. You're too fast, it'll raise questions. What? Dad! Is that really necessary? Jeff's not the witness. I am. The whole family's vulnerable. I'm trying to keep you alive here. Right. Cross-country ain't so bad. The great outdoors, right? And now that we're Catholic, I can have that Christmas tree I always wanted. Don't worry, Leigh. Jeff will get used to it. What if he doesn't? They were good people. They're different from the criminals I usually protect. Sounds like you got close to them. You said the "whole family's vulnerable." Jeff got something on Ghiacconi? Leigh said Jeff used to help his father in the office on weekends-- might have seen something. What does Jeff have to do with this? He went missing yesterday. Where's Leigh? Tom? Leigh. I'm sorry about Ben. Yeah. They told me Jeff's missing. You know, you could've called. It's not your fault. If there's anything I can do, you know how to reach me. Did you hear anything about Jeff yet? A technician's looking at his computer. We're tracking the GPS on his cell phone. Still nothing. He stay in touch with any of his old friends? Anyone you can think of he might have gone to see? I've been wracking my brain. There's no one for him to go to. No family, friends? After we joined WITSEC, we cut off everyone we'd ever known. Jeff never got close to anyone after that. It was just the two of us. We bh knew Ghiacconi got to him. Neither of us wanted to say it out loud, afraid it'd make it true, so... He mentioned Jeff might have met Ghiacconi at Ben's office, the weekends he was there. Any other interactions between them you know about? He ever come over to the house, socialize with the family? No. No. I made Ben keep business separate. He spent so much time at the office as it was. Relocation must have been hard on Jeff. Sounds crazy, but... going into WITSEC actually brought us closer. Hadn't felt like a family in so long. Go, Jeff! Jeff! Jeff! So much for not attracting attention. Carl Lewis. Can't remember the last time I saw him run. Wonder who he's trying to impress. Now I get it. The reason he spent an hour this morning primping for an 8K through the woods. Know your son better than you think. He looks like himself again. Tom says kids bounce back faster. Yeah, yeah. Shorter memories. Am I crazy, or do you maybe hate me a little less? You have your moments. But don't push it, Foster. Everything I put our family through... If ever there were a reason for you  oalk k aw... ...it means the world to me that you didn't. Let's go congratulate Jeff. Go find Jeff. We need to go now. just when we had a chance to be a family again, we were back on the run. Who was the guy? Vinnie, um, Buonaforte. Ghiacconi's driver. He took Ghiacconi to all his meetings at Ben's office. Any idea how he found you? No. As soon as Ben saw him, we drove to Cape May. Why Cape May? Place where we had our honeymoon. Ben loved the Jersey Shore. We'd walk for hours on the beach. That the same night Ben came back to Philly for the money? I figured if he went late at night, he'd be safe. That was the last time I saw him. Oh, detectives. US Attorney in Rhode Island got me up to speed on Vinnie Brown. You mean Buonaforte. Brown, Buonaforte. Tomato, tom-ah-to. This says Brown. Oh, oh. Sorry, I must have grabbed the wrong file. Address matches and so do the fingerprints. Uh, Vinnie Brown. Arrested for burglary in Camden a month ago. Jacked a bunch of flat screens. Do any time? Charges were dropped at the insistence of the US Attorney. That normal-- US Attorney getting involved in a small-time burglary? Happens every... uh, never. Oh, federal interference, a name change. Sounds like Ben wasn't the only one in Witness Protection. Bingo. But here's the ass-kicker. Feds snapped this guy's picture in Providence, August '08. That's five months after he was relocated to Philly. Check it out. We had the Ice Man. Now we got the Dice Man. So this Vinnie Buonaforte's in WITSEC with the feds, but working for Ghiacconi in Providence? Playing both sides. Maybe he tries to earn a few stripes with Ghiacconi. Ah, takes out the feds' star witness against him. Sure you don't want me to brew up some chamomile? Got a cupboard full of the stuff. My daughter's trying to knock my cholesterol down. When are you scheduled to testify against Freddy Ghiacconi, Vinnie? Just waiting for the call. Thought you two were here to prep me. Still keep ties with your old pals in Providence? You kidding? They want my head on their living room wall. So how'd the feds get this pretty picture of your mug in August? Missed my old bakery. People down here, they don't know a cannoli from a cruller. We're supposed to believe you'd risk your life for a pastry? It's true. WITSEC gave me a second chance. I took it. I'm a suburban dad now. I-I punch a clock at a paper company. I-I play video games with my daughter. I drive a friggin' minivan. Tell us about the last time you saw Ben Feldman, the Ice Man's accountant. Ben Feldman. This is about that? Answer the question, Mr. Cannoli. I saw Ben... had to be... over a year ago, back when I was driving Freddy. Ben was good people. He always offered me coffee every time I brought Freddy by. Uh, and in a mug, too. Wasn't some Styrofoam situation. We know you tracked Ben down at a cross-country meet in September. Why you lying to us, Vinnie? Right, right. I-I forgot about that. Selective memory will get you hauled downtown. I was there watching my daughter run. Her school was racing against Ben's kid's. Ah, that's some coincidence. Right, right. I admit, uh, it threw me when I ran into him. Been forever since I seen a familiar face. Hey, Ben, nice to see you again. You run 'cause of little old me? If you could see the look on your face. When I saw you at the race, I thought, "Crap, he's gonna call Freddy, tell him where I am." Then I realized, you're his friggin' accountant. Probably in WITSEC, too. Since February. March for me. I'm Vinnie Brown now. My nonna must be rolling in her grave.</i> What's this? Zeppole from Scialo's. I sneak back every few weeks, get a fix. You live in Philly? Camden. Wife hit the bricks when I flipped. It's just me and my daughter Tammy. She was racing this morning. That's why you were at the meet? You scared the hell out of me. What, you follow us home? Eh, figured you wouldn't notice me in my beautiful minivan. Where's the wife and kid? Waiting in the car. Six months ago, I'm a big spacone.</i> Freddy and I had box seats to all the games, ate at Capreech's every night. Now I'm waiting in line at Costco. It's weird, huh? Pretending your whole life don't exist before a year ago. It isn't all bad. I see my family more. Yeah, yeah. I could never have got through this without my daughter Tammy. She's a hell of a kid. Makes a chicken piccata to die for. Biggest gripe's with my marshal; guy practically babysits us. Yeah? I never see my guy. He even built shelves for my wife's cookbooks. That ain't right. There's only room for one set of power tools in the house. I'm just saying I wouldn't want some other guy in my wife's kitchen. Where were you that night? Had to be home, watching High School Musical with Tammy.</i> Did after every race. A ritual type thing. There she is. Hi, Daddy. My daughter Tammy. Straight A's at Villanova. Talk about the apple falling far from the tree. Cool it on the zeppole runs, Vinnie. Bad for your health. Found articles on the Ghiacconi trial on Jeff Foster's computer. id was checking every day for updates. Oh, anything on his e-mail accounts? Uh, just got around his password a few minutes ago. Any luck with the GPS? Nah, nothing yet. Looking for the only teenager in America not addicted to his cell phone. Hey, uh, I got tickets to the Sixers game tonight. Uh, I-I can't. Sorry. Hot date or...? Look, Scotty, Billy and I... Yeah? We're gonna give it another shot. Another shot. Just like that? Family's been all over us. They even brought in the priests. I been married six years. I never put in any effort, you know? Walk away now, you never know what could've been. Yeah, no. Hey... do what you got to do. Right? So we're cool? Yeah. We're cool. Feds make a habit of putting witnesses who know each other in the same plac Tom? Vinnie was in Camden. Ben was in Philly. We needed them close for the trial. Close enough where their kids run in the same cross-country league? Do witnesses sometimes run into each other? Sure. It's happened before. It'll happen again. Tom... I noticed Leigh called you that. All of your witnesses call you by your first name? Some. Much of a handyman, Tom? Uh, no, not really. Heard you build a mean cookbook shelf. Kept an eyonon Ben's family, always checking in, uh... They were good people, right? That's what I said. You and Leigh close? She was having a hard time adjusting. I was a shoulder to cry on. Give her more than your shoulder? I'm not going to answer that. Not very good at your job, are you, Tom? Some issues with boundaries? Where were you the night Ben disappeared, Tom? I was on a plane transporting a witness to Ohio. What I don't understand... If Ben was a key witness in Ghiacconi's trial, why did you let him leave WITSEC? I didn't have much choice. Got here as fast as I could. What's going on? I just saw Vinnie Buonaforte at Jeff's cross-country meet. I practically had a heart attack. Vinnie's a witness, too. You said you would protect my family. And I will. Who are we going to run into next? Huh? Ghiacconi's inrnist?t? His tailor? I am done. I'm out. I'm going to take care of my family myself. Ben, come on. You're in no position to go out on your own. You need me to sign some paperwork, I'll do it. But then I'm gone. Walk away and we'll prosecute. Try to stop me and I'll tell your bosses you slept with my wife. Yeah, I thought you'd say that. You stay the hell away from my family. That was the worst mistake of my life. Bosses ever find out about you and Leigh? Uh, no. I'd like to keep it that way. Then you better start playing ball. What else haven't you told us? Before they left WITSEC, Leigh asked me how to go about buying a gun. Where'd you send her? I sent her to a gun shop in Quakertown. she and Jeff fell off the grid after Ben disappeared. And after I found out that she opened a bank account in Maryland, I stopped looking. You think she might have killed Ben? I don't know. But he took her life away from her once. She wasn't gonna let him take it again. Crank call? I'm trying to schedule a sitdown with Freddy Ghiacconi, and his lawyers keep passing me around like a hot potato. What is it with you people? Well, law school teaches you three things: delay, deflect, derail and deny. That's four. Your boy Jeff sent a text at 11:00 this morning from Philly. "On my way," it said. Who'd it go to? Recipient's got a different carrier. Waiting to hear back. That's good info. Where did you get it? I know a guy knows a guy. Tech's gonna call you personally the minute that cell goes live. help yourself. Got a thing for the Ultra Fine Flairs. Talked to the gun registry. Leigh bought a .380 a month before Ben disappeared. Same caliber that killed him. Feds didn't make Ben pay for leaving WITSEC... YEAH, MAYBE LEIGH DID. Own a gun, Leigh? What would I need a gun for? We're wondering the same thing. No. Receipt from Yankee Arms in Quakertown, dated August 20, 2008. Want to read the signature for me? I was scared. We needed protection. You came to us for help, Leigh. We're trying to find your son. Don't need you holding back. Jeff ran away. That 'cause of you? Of course not. Maybe he found out about you and Parker? Or should I call him Tom? That was a mistake. Ben and I were gonna put that behind us, try again. You lied about the gun and forgot to tell us about Parker. What other surprises you got for us, Leigh? I know it looks bad, but after all we'd been through... I still loved my husband. I found this in your bag. Did Parker give this to you? No. I bought it myself. Without telling me? I panicked, thought we might need it. I'm going to take care of our family, Leigh. Not with guns. And after today, I believe you. I know about you and Tom. Is it over? Yes. We can get through this. Clean slate. If you still want to. I'm sorry. Me, too. I'm going to go to Philly tonight and get the money. If you don't hear from me by tomorrow night, you and Jeff go to Snow Hill, Maryland for six months, then... Come on, Leigh. Then what? Then Durham, North Carolina. Stay there five months. Then Austin, Texas. The accounts are all set up. You'll have everything you need. I didn't hear from him, so I followed the plan. Where's the gun now? In our apartment in Snow Hill. It's been there... five months. When's the last time you saw it? ??? Jeff ID'd Ben's body, Leigh. He's been tracking Ghiacconi's trial. Oh, no. No, that's not possible. Jeff's... He's not a violent kid. He ever mention going to Providence? Snow Hill PD searched Leigh's apartment. Couldn't find the gun. You think Jeff might be taking it to Providence? I put out a broadcast to all the departments between here and Rhode Island. Well, call Providence PD. Tell them they're gonna need extra uniforms at the courthouse. All right. I hia dead end on the photos of the bridges, Lieutenant. No sign of Ben's car coming into Philly. What route did you check? Garden State to the Walt Whitman and the Ben Franklin. Ben was lying low, might've taken the 73 to 130, come in the back roads. Try the Tacony-Palmyra Bridge. I, uh... just got word from the phone company. The number Jeff texted belongs to Tammy Brown. Vinnie Brown's daughter? One and only. Must have been seeing each other all this time. Hiding it from their families. Get Tammy in here and grab a car. You and Will are going to Providence. When'd you last see Jeff Foster, Tammy? Guess it was around September. At a cross-country meet. You guys hang out much? No. I barely know him. That's too bad. 'Cause you guys got a lot in common. You both listen to Arcade Fire, both want to save the rain forest. Both got daddies in WITSEC. We know he texted you today, Tammy. Where is he? Think you're protecting him by keeping quiet? I have a constitutional right to remain silent. Constitution also says that if you know someone's going to commit a crime, makes you a co-conspirator. Looking at life in prison, even if you're not the one pulls the trigger. Where is he, Tammy? I don't know. He pulls a gun, the cops at the courthouse will shoot him dead, ask questions later. Los like you're never gonna see that rain forest, much less save it. Break your daddy's heart. Wait. I saw him last night. We met at a friend's dorm room. I can't believe you're really here. I'm really here. I missed you so much. I sit in class and dreamf all the places we talked about. Walking on the beach in Ko Samui... Hiking in Nicaragua... Breakfast in Bali... Deciding where to go next by spinning the globe. We're never going anywhere, are we? Yes, we are. I promise. What, you're gonna put us inin semgiant time machine, rewrite history? No. I'm gonna fix things. I don't want anything bad to happen to him. "Fix things." He talking about Ghiacconi? Yes. Where is Jeff staying in Providence? The Pilgrim's Landing Motel. The shower's still wet. We just missed him. Courthouse. Let's go. GPS has him in a two-block radius. It's got to be Ghiacconi. Always send the real one and a dummy. Ice, ice, baby. He's on the move, Scotty. Heading north toward the courthouse. Send him a text. Scotty, gray hoodie and jeans. That's him. No! What are you doing?! Keep your head down, mouth shut and legs moving. Come on. Give it up, Jeff. You ain't going nowhere. Who are you?! Philly PD. Trying to save your life, stop you from doing something stupid. My father was the star witness against that goombah. He kills my dad, and now he's gonna walk? Your dad videotaped his deposition. Ghiacconi's not going anywhere. He needs to pay for what he did! And what, you spend the rest of your life in jail? It'd be worth it. Son, you may think you want revenge, but trust me, just tears you up. What do you know about it? I been there. I just wanted to make things right. Until Ghiacconi's behind bars, we have to keep moving. So it could be like this for years? I hope not, but I don't know. Isn't this where you're supposed to tell me not to worry? You've got it all worked out? You're too old for fairy tales. I wish Ghiacconi was dead. It wouldn't change what I did. If I could take it all back. It's always your decision, always your plan: where I go to school, what classes I take, what sports I do. When do I get to choose? You and your mother are everything to me. I want us to stay together, get through this as a family. But if you still want to go travel the world, I'm not gonna stand in your way. What about Mom? I'll get her on board. Give me a day or two to get you some money and a passport. That's it? You're letting me go? You've paid enough for your old man's mistakes. But I decided to stay with my parents instead. I never got the chance to tell my dad my decision. Spin the globe? You saying Tammy was there with you? She came down to the shore. Telling her I couldn't go away with her... it was the hardest thing I'd ever done. You two were gonna leave that night? She was already packed. Even wrote a letter to her dad to say good-bye. Why didn't you tell us you were down the shore the night of the cross-country meet, Tammy? I was afraid my father would find out I was gonna run away. He'd kill me. Where'd he think you were that night? At the library studying. After Jeff said he couldn't go away with me, I checked my phone. He'd already called, like, nine times looking for me. What'd you tell him? That I'd be home soon. Then I drove like a maniac back to Camden. He there when you got home? No, thank God. I just tore up the letter I wrote him, flushed it down the toilet. He never knew I was gonna leave. Please don't tell him, okay? Ben'car turned up at a salvage yard in Whitman. CSU found blood in the trunk. Parker wanted in on the interview. Said Ben was his witness. Little late for the professionalism there, Tom. I'm not giving this one up to the feds. Told him thanks, but I thought he'd done quite enough already. The feds said if you testified against Ghiacconi, they'd keep you safe, out of prison. Didn't tell you what it would cost you, though, did they? Lost your wife, your friends. Not the big spacone anymore, huh?</i> Just another schmuck in a minivan. You're all alone except for Tammy. You'd do anything to keep her under your roof, wouldn't you, Vinnie? Where I'm from, girls live at home until they're married. Tradition. But Tammy's a modern girl. You know, curious about the world. Not the kind to stick around forever. Says you. Well, you found the letter she wrote you. Said she was leaving, going off to sail the world with Jeff Feldman. Don't know what you're talking about. No more chicken piccata and High School Musical for you.</i> Just you and a frozen pizza, staring at the wall like a caged rat. Detective, you got some imagination. And no way you were gonna let her abandon you like that. So you went down the shore looking for her. But you found Ben first, didn't you? Last time I saw Ben was at the meet, just like I told you. You thought you'd take one of the major bridges into Philly. But if I had a body in my trunk, I'd take the Tacony-Palmyra, too. I got you driving a dead man's car. Phone records proving you called Tammy from Cape May that night. Got your minivan ticketed for overtime parking on Main Street in Cape May. See, it's over, Vinnie. Talk second chances till you're blue in the face. Tigers don't change their stripes. I need protective custody. And I wanna see myaughter. Need it in writing. Where you gonna put me? Find a nice pen close to Tammy. Be difficult, and you're going to Rhode Island... see just how vindictive Ghiacconi's crew can be. I am a family man. Tammy was all that I had left. Everything I did was for my daughter. Where's Tammy? What are you doing here, Vinnie? I'm looking for my daughter. Why would she be here? She left a letter saying she's going away with Jeff. Ah, she's the girl he was trying to impress at the meet. I found directions to the Cape May Motel on her computer. Now where is she? I haven't seen her. I left Jeff a couple hours ago. I gotta find her. Where, where's Jeff?! Vinnie, calm down. You're gonna give yourself a heart attack. I'm asking you a question. Where's your son? I'm not gonna tell you that, Vinnie. What? I'm letting him go. T9is is no life for a kid. If he wants to travel the world, I'm gonna let him. You might wanna do the same. So that's it? "See ya later. Bye?" Our kids have suffered enough for our mistakes. You're some kind of father. Well, I'm doing the best I can. Where's Jeff? Son of a bit!h! Honey? Hey, Daddy, I just saw you called. Where are you? I've been looking everywhere for you. I was just studying with some friends. I'll be home soon, okay? * The battle's been lost, the war is not won * * An addled republic, a bitter refund * * The business-first flat-earthers * * Licking their wounds * * The verdict is dire, the country's in ruins * * Providence blinked facing the sun * * Where are we left to carry on? * * Until the day is done * * Until the day is done * * So we've written our stories to entertain * * These notions of glory and bull-market gain * * The Teleprompt flutters, the power surge brings * * An easy speed message fas into routine * * Providence blinked facing the sun * * Where are we left