Must have used up his gas dusting his crops. Rations run out ? Coming to the base for handouts ? Oh, man, not another one. Bad enough we got to deal with 'em at home. Now they're taking over the base, too ? War's got this whole country turned upside-down. Miss Lynn, I presume. Reporting for duty, ma'am. Miss Lynn thinks she's an HP, ladies. That right ? - Think you're a hot pilot ? - Not an HP, ma'am. A Miss HP. Army won't tolerate tardiness or grandstanding. Neither will I. You girls have the honor and privilege to be of the first women trained by the Army Air Force. You may be good pilots, Miss HP, but here, you'll learn to fly the Army way. Captain James. Ladies, you either check out with me, or you wash out. Fail your check flights, can't pass ground school, have an attitude... I will wash you out. Captain. Hey, can you teach me to fly like that ? Say, if you're giving out free lessons, sign me up, too. Just 'cause cowgirl can dust a few crops doesn't mean she can handle a supercharged V-12 Army plane. Oh, hell, if it's got wings and an engine, I can fly it. Must be hard making ends meet since PMI canned you. Detective, to what do I owe the pleasure ? You here for a loan ? Wonder if the good people at Emerson Mutual know who they're considering giving money to. You're kidding me, right ? Attempted homicide of a police officer. Now, that's got to hurt your FICO score. Cute trick, putting the boot on my car. You just don't know when to quit, do you ? Hard time making those payments from jail. You sure you want to do this ? You'd be surprised what I can do, Moe. Alarm clock broke ? Had to go to the bank. What have we got ? Environmental group's trying to turn the reservoir into a bird sanctuary. Consultant found this P-51 Mustang with skeletal remains. Oh, that's some bird. Mustang was a WWII combat plane. My father flew one in the war. - Who's the pilot ? - Vivian... Lynn. Female pilot in WWII ? Vivian was a member of the WASP : Women Airforce Service Pilots. Veterans Affairs says one of 'em went missing in 1944. Guess we found her. I thought women pilots weren't accepted in the military till the '70s. WASP weren't military. They flew as civilians on non-combat missions. CSU found this waterproof rucksack stashed in the wing's bullet compartment. What kind of mission you need a skirt and heels for ? And no one saw the plane go down ? Area was mostly farmland back in '44, but the NTSB said her oil and coolant lines were switched. Looking at a case of sabotage. Someone wanted this flier grounded. Cold Case Season 7 Episode 05 Transcript VO : www.ydy.com WASP Vivian Lynn, 22 years old, grew up on a farm in Belle Plaine, Iowa. Here. Flew a crop duster for her family. Applied for the WASP program in '43. Young Betties in a cockpit. Think I would have heard of 'em before now. Vivian was stationed in Wilmington, Delaware, at New Castle Army Air Base. She took off June 2, 1944, at 0600 hours to deliver the P-51 to... Camp Davis in North Carolina. Declared missing in service when she never showed. Army searched for her plane till July. The orders were to fly south, but her plane was in Philly, so why was she traveling north ? Back then, most planes didn't have radar. Some of them didn't even have radios. You couldn't track a plane once it was in the air. So, Vivian was bucking her orders ? Flying somewhere else ? Doer had access to her plane. Knew how to switch coolant and oil lines. Could be a mechanic. Can't imagine the men were too happy sharing their base. I'll check the records for anyone fits the bill. Ask the base for flight schedules, accident reports. Bunkmate was Betty Joe Henders. Lives in Germantown. If anyone had a beef with Vivian, she'd know. Can't wait to meet one of these Betties. Slow down, just slow down, Pops. I mean, what do you mean, money's missing from your account ? Well, what do you want me to do ? Ask Ma. Yeah, I'm at work. I'll call you back. I found the WASP C.O. Iris Keening. Still in Wilmington, Delaware. Headed up the search party for Vivian herself. Well, go have a talk, see if she can shed some light on why Vivian was flying over the City of Brotherly Love. Army said winds caused the crash, but that girl could have flown through a tornado and been in the mess hall at showtime. You headed up the search party ? 38 girls died in crashes during the two years the program was up and running. - Brave women. - Pioneers. Knew if they failed, no women after them would stand a chance. Who would have had access to Vivian's plane? Known how to switch the lines ? Hmm, mechanics, instructors, all the pilots. Any ideas why she was flying off course ? Rumor was she had a boyfriend. City slicker in Manhattan. Remember a name ? Vivian wasn't like the other gals. Showed up late to her first day, hotdoggin' in her own crop duster. Attitude didn't get her washed out ? Can't wash out your best pilot. I needed her on the schedule. Anyone you think of had a problem with her ? Vivian had a habit of rubbing people the wrong way. Hate to say it, but "Miss HP" only cared about one person : herself. "Pistol Packin' Mama" by Bing Crosby & the Andrews Sisters</i> Edna ! Come on, give her some oxygen. There you go. There you go. Just breathe. Lynn, you've set a new record. - All for one, huh,Viv. / - Reckon you could have at least given her a hand. Somebody's got to fly the plane for you nurses. She wasn't interested in making friends. Each week, the WASP flight scores were posted on a chart. And Vivian wanted to be on top. Wouldn't settle for anything less. Gonna need a list of those WASP. Their instructor, too. It's all in my book. Listed alphabetically in the appendix. "Happy landings always". What we WASP say instead of good-bye. Betty Joe Henders ? Y'all call me Grammy. Everybody else does. You were a pursuit pilot, right ? Lifetime ago. Never fit in those itty-bitty cockpits now. You understand. Detectives Jeffries, Vera. You were Vivian Lynn's bunkmate at New Castle Airbase? Haven't heard that name in ages. Detectives ? Thought bad weather caused the crash. How'd you two get along ? Peas in a pod. Both from small towns, poor families. You fly a crop duster, too ? I took the Army's civil course for my pilot's license. Had to beg my cousin Donald for the last sawbuck just to afford the classes. When was the last time you saw Vivian ? Day or two before she disappeared. She ever talk about going to New York, meet a boyfriend ? Gals were all khaki wacky, but not Viv. 'Course we didn't call the base The Snake Pit for nothing. "Sing, Sing, Sing" by Louis Prima.</i> Kick the tires and light the fires. I'm on a roll. - You want to go again ? - Game's making me thirsty. Think I'll get some juice. Suit yourself, Louise. What do you say, Edna ? Can't you let her win just once ? Don't see any of them flyboys throwing a game. So ? Army's made it clear,we ain't one of 'em. Doing the same job, not getting paid near as much. It won't change either, till we show them we're as tough as they are. Tougher even. You need a lesson there, doll ? You can call me Wolf. I could teach you a thing or two... you see, it's... all in the wrist. Gosh, are you a real-life pilot ? Shouldn't even be telling you this. Loose lips sink ships and all. I fly the B-26. See,they call it the "Widow Maker" 'cause the last three pilots... - bought the farm.- "The Widow Maker"-- that sounds dangerous. Say, you're not married, are you ? You know, I'm looking for somebody to fill the position. Maybe you'd like to apply. - Getting ahead of yourself, flyboy. - You ain't seen nothin' yet. Hey, get your meat hooks off of me ! You're gonna regret that, little miss. Wolf was lathered up, all right. Wasn't taking no for an answer. He know Vivian was a WASP ? Lordy no, we were in our civvies due to the fundamental dislike of a woman in uniform. This Wolf got a real name ? Just knew him as Wolf. Us girls kept a "Naughty and Nice" list by the phone. Vivian put him on the Naughty side and no one went near that animal again. One pilot with the call sign Wolf. - Herbert James. - Herbert ? No wonder he preferred Wolf. Any relation to Frank James, the WASPs' instructor ? Brothers. Whole family of flyboys. Guy had a real problem with women. There's five charges of misconduct. Way of saying "sexual harassment" back in the day. Vivian goes missing two weeks after Wolf harassed her at the all-ranks club on base. He was completing his final flight test that day. Would've had access to the hangar. Maybe Wolf decided he wasn't gonna be the only one to crash and burn. You want to explain this complaint ? It was filed with Internal Affairs last night, by Moe Kitchener. We aren't doing our jobs if we don't get some complaints, right ? Situation's interfering with your job, Lil. It wouldn't be if the judge did his job. I understand what you're going through. But Doherty's looking for excuses like this. The whole division is under scrutiny. - I hear you, boss. - Good. You're a hard man to find, Herbert. Kicked out of five retirement homes for spreading a VD. Four retirement homes. And it was those broads gave that VD to me. I... d-don't wanna hear it. Spend much time at the bar when you were stationed at New Castle, Wolf ? New Castle, sure. There was some nice scenery. Vivian Lynn part of that scenery? Vivian Lynn-- the gal that disappeared in the Mustang, right ? Mustang took a nose dive in the Roxborough Reservoir. Wasn't an accident after all. Now,wait a second.You saying I had something to do with it ? Heard she gave you quite the spanking two weeks before she crashed. Pulls a Little Red Riding Hood on you, you gotta show her who's boss. Oh, you got it all wrong, fellas. Even a wolf knows you don't bite the hand that feeds you. Come on, Frank. Let me skip this one lesson.You know, if you can't do a favor for your own brother... I do favors for you, how you gonna learn responsibility ? The Widow Maker's a flying coffin. You want to send another telegram home to Ma ? Charlie ain't even cold yet. Ma ain't losing another son, Wolf. You're not gonna crash. Won't even get a chance to drop a bomb on them Krauts. Last three guys landed in a smoking hole ! Three guys but no women. Viv,you just earned the first perfect score on the B-26. She's a pilot ? She'll be teaching you to fly The Widow Maker. Vivian, meet your next student : my brother Wolf. Wolf, huh ? Now,how'd you get a name like that ? You got any tips for him? He's fixing to wet his flight suit. Oh, it's all in the wrist, flyboy. Nice score, Miss HP ! Puts you at the top of the chart.Uh,ya'll know what that means. We have got one hot pilot! Better cool her off ! No... no ! Come on !... two, three ! I gotta admit, she was a pretty good teacher. Never lost her cool. Can't say the that for the rest of them. What do you mean ? Girls didn't belong on that base. Weren't meant to be pilots. Sounds like you were still trying to get even. With Frank around ? Are you kidding ? Two Type-A pilots, match made in Army heaven. Saying your brother had a thing for Vivian ? Well,I didn't know it at the time but yeah, he was stuck on her. - How long? - Few weeks. He was an officer, I was a cadet. I had to stand down. Besides, bros before hos, huh ? New Castle Archive Department can't locate the flight logs or the monthly records. Got mechanics records but most of them are pushing daisies. Looked into the 38 WASP killed in wrecks. One was in Vivians's class : Edna Reed. Accident report say anything about her lines being switched ? Burned pistons. Looking like routine mechanical failure. I,uh,heard about the IAB. Moe's complaint. Oh... got him on the ropes. Good. You headed somewhere ? Uh, taking lost time. Everything okay ? Sure, yeah, it's nothing. What color does this look like to you ? Call it rucksack gray. Mind if I borrow that ? Hey, Ma. Scotty, what are you doing here ? I was just driving past, saw you walking out of the doctor's. Everything okay ? Uh, yeah, I just had to take Mrs. Melztner, to Dr.Kantor's office. You were in Suite 4A, right ? Says Dr. Ruben on the directory. Just driving by, huh ? Are you sick, Ma ? You following me like some kind of criminal ? Just... tell me what's going on. I've got a bad knee; that's it. Then why you paying in cash ? What is this, the third degree ? Are you a cop or are you my son ? Mi hijo... Will you trust me ? I'm fine. It's just my knee. Remember... how I could make everything better with a Rice Krispy treat ? - Bye, sweetie. - Bye, Ma. You close with Vivian Lynn, Frank ? She was my best student, ma'am. She something more than that ? Well, I guess you could say we were an item. I kept it quiet 'cause I was her instructor. What's this about ? Vivian's plane was sabotaged. Your girl was flying off course, Frank. Do you know why ? She was an ace navigator. Male pilots used to follow her back to the base. She was the only one who could always find her way. Chance she was flying to meet a new steady ? Oh, no, ma'am. A lot of things can go wrong in a relationship... spirited girl like that. Look here, I loved Vivian. I admired her for what she was doing for her country. They weren't all as patriotic. "You Go to My Head" by Billie Holiday.</i> Thought I'd find you here. Never seen anything like it. One of a kind. Who do you think they'll let fly it ? Know anyone with perfect scores ? I fly this, I might just break the sound barrier someday. Flipped your wig ? No one can survive flying 750 miles an hour, Viv. Your heart'll seize up. I know you miss your baby brother. This isn't about Charlie, Viv. But you can't protect everyone. The day my dad shipped out, he wasn't scared at all. But I was. Must've been a first for you. He used to say we'd travel with the wind and the stars. This just might get me there. I'll take that trip, if you're piloting. - Betty Joe ?! - Get your scrawny ass out here ! You been ripping my ration books ?! Next time I won't just tear 'em up, I'll report you. You best not be threatening me ! Stealing ration books, you might as well be taking bullets from our boys' guns. There a problem, ladies ? I wash out... sure as hell gonna be. I always thought Betty Joe was a harmless Southern belle. She was profiteering. The war caused shortages : coffee, food, gasoline. Had to have a government ration book to buy them. If anyone had gotten wind of what she was doing, she'd have been tried for treason. Betty Joe didn't wash out, did she ? No,ma'am.But three days later,Vivian took off. Never came back. Thanks for coming in, Betty Joe. I know you wanted to get your mums in the ground today. Said yesterday you had to scrape together money just to join the WASP. Cousin Donald chipped in. Remember what Donald did during the war ? 4-F. He couldn't fight. Worked a government job. That's right. Worked at a government incineration station, burning ration books. Course they all didn't find their way to the incinerator, did they, Betty Joe ? Y'all are whistlin' Dixie. He'd sell them. Only one problem : Had to get 'em on the black market before their serial numbers expired. That's where it was helpful having access to a plane. Not proud of what I did. Husband gunned down six months earlier over Berlin. I did it for my babies. Those babies the reason you had to keep Vivian quiet about the whole thing ? I didn't hurt Vivian. I was upset 'cause I thought all she wanted was to wash out her competition. Then I saw a whole another side of her. I failed my last check ride. If I don't pass this one, I'm going to be washed out ! No one's washing out. Just do as I say. Everything will be fine. Is it true you learned to fly your crop duster when you were just six ? Flying's gotta be second nature. Gotta know the controls without even lookin' at 'em. I don't know,Viv. It's better if I just wash out now. I thought you said you had a brother overseas. Jimmy. Call him Cricket. Well, think of Cricket when you fly. The next plane you deliver might just save his life. The more air support our boys get, the more of 'em that'll come home. Do you got any family in the war, Viv ? Army said my Dad was too old. Wanted him to fly trainers. He insisted on crewing a B-17. Got himself killed. Battery. Propeller. Booster, pumps. Landing gear. Yes !Hey, you're ready, Edna. Gosh, you really think so, Viv ? What, are you kidding ? You're a regular Miss HP. Took Vivian's advice myself. Thought of my husband. Reckoned I couldn't honor him and do what I was doin'. So you stopped smuggling ration booklets right then and there? Never got the chance to tell her. She was gone by the time I got back. Saying you weren't on base when Vivian disappeared ? Off deliverin' a plane to Sweetwater. Still got my log book to prove it. We're going to need to see that. Got the monthly flight records and schedules, too. Saved everything. Shame she never got the one thing she wanted. What was that ? To be the first woman to fly that jet. - Remember who was ? - Sure. Vivian's main competition. Louise Patterson. Louise Patterson ? Yes ? Flew the Bell P-59, right ? First woman ever. You two looking for an interview ? You could say that. Detectives Valens, Rush. Remember your old WASP buddy, Vivian Lynn ? Of course I remember Vivian. Real live wire. How'd you feel when Vivian dusted you on the score chart ? Check your facts. I was on top of the chart. Oh, by default. The better pilot was murdered. Murdered ?! Oh, dear God, how ? I read your cover story in The Atlantic, September '54. First woman to break the sound barrier. Said you'd do anything to set that record. That include getting rid of your competition ? Look, you're right. Vivian and I had a rocky start. But we bonded in a way I could never have imagined. Crash ! It's Edna ! No ! Vivian... No ! - Wait ! - No ! No ! No ! No ! There is nothing you could have done. No, Edna was ready. I taught her myself. Checked her plane myself. Someone did this to her ! *Of we go Into the wild blue yonder * *Climbing high into the sun * *Here they come zooming to meet our thunder * *At 'em,boys * *Give 'er the gun * *Down we dive * *Spouting our flame from under * *Off with one heck of a roar * *We live in fame * *Or we go down in flame * *Nothing can stop the Army Air Corps. * Not a day goes by I don't think about one of those women. Vivian thought the men wanted the WASP gone. WASP were doing the same jobs as male pilots. Freeing up men for combat duty. Only by this time, the war was winding down. Army had enough pilots. It needed infantry. Some of the guys were afraid they were gonna lose their jobs ? And be drafted as foot soldiers. What ya got, Scotty ? Army said Edna's crash was a mechanical failure due to clogged fuel lines and burned pistons. But this maintenance report says her lines were flushed two days prior. Airport mechanic I spoke to said they should've still been squeaky clean. What if Vivian was on to the sabotage ? Doer decides to silence her for good. Mechanic say what could cause the pistons to burn ? The only thing he could think of was sugar in the gas tank. But sugar was hard to come by during the war. Not if you were in the Army. You still got the New Castle PX ledgers ? Uh,yeah. Uh... Uh,here. Sugar was bought the day before Edna crashed. Ten pounds. That's enough to gum up the works of any engine. Signed for by one... Frank  James. Cool your engines, Saccardo. I'll be there in ten. Okay, me, too. Bye. Big date tonight ? I was just heading out to mess with you some more. You want to back up your car now ? Car dry up or they got you a new one ? I said back away. You going to shoot me, Detective ? How do you think that'll look after I filed a complaint ? The more you push, less I have to lose. Been reading up on my WASP history. You got something off Vivian's skirt ? Sent it to Criminalistics on a hunch. Found traces of... alizrine cyanines. Some kind of chemical ? Used in Santiago Blue dye. Skirt was a part of Vivian's dress uniform. She wasn't flying north for a date. She was on official business. Lil, Frank's in the box. You ready ? Fear is a funny thing, isn't it, Frank ? I don't know what you mean, sir. You were drafted in '43, supposed to ship off to Europe. But you became a flight instructor instead. - Kept you on American soil. - I served my country, sir. WASP wanted to be recognized as equals. Have the same benefits as Army men. But if that happened, there'd be even fewer jobs for men stateside. You might've been dodging bullets on a beach in Normandy instead. I lost a baby brother over there. You think maybe you could scare them into quitting, Frank ? You a tough guy ? I get to do that, too. I helped those girls. Anything they needed, I was there for 'em. This your signature, Frank ? That much sugar'd do a real number on an engine. I didn't sign this. You're saying someone forged your signature ? Vivian tried to tell me... but I wouldn't listen. Viv ?Is that you ? I had to see you. Get caught past taps, they'll wash you out. I checked the mechanic's log. Edna's fuel lines were flushed two days ago. - Whoa, slow down. - Her plane shouldn't have stalled, Frank. Viv, you're upset. I saw Wolf milling around the hangar last night by himself. He said he was filling out his flight log, but I know what he was doing. I think he sabotaged Edna's plane. Wolf would never do that. You know how he feels about us girls. It's not like he tries to hide it. He's my brother,Viv. - My brother. - Edna was my friend... and she's dead. You know what my family's been through. Your family got a star to hang in the window. What does Edna's family get ? The Army won't even pay to send her home. You want a damn star ? I want Wolf court-martialed. I love you... but planes crash, Viv. I thought we were going to travel with the wind and the stars. God help me for not believing Vivian. My mother had already lost a son in the war. I couldn't let her lose another. Wolf know Vivian was on his tail ? I confronted him about what she'd told me. He just denied it. When was that ? It was the night before she disappeared. All these years... I looked out for him, put him first. Think he'd do the same for you ? Just got to get you to sign a bail petition for your brother. Bail ?! What'd Frank do ? Laced Edna Reed's tank with ten pounds of sugar. Turning him over to the MPs for Edna's murder. Frank wouldn't hurt a fly. Got a New Castle PX ledger with his signature on it. It wasn't Frank. It was me. Drank through my paycheck that month. I had to charge everything to Frank's account. I put that sugar in Edna's tank. I mean, me and the guys had done it to other gals before. I figured she'd have hit the silk like the others did, parachute out when the engine stalled. Report said the latch on the cockpit was broken. I didn't know about that latch. She tried to bail out, and she couldn't. She was trapped. I didn't mean to hurt that girl. I still have nightmares about it to this day. Gonna need the names of your coconspirators. No, I'm taking the bullet on this one. No sense in tarnishing their memories. Should've done it anyway the night I went to see Vivian. You saw Vivian before she disappeared ? I pleaded with her not to report me. And she didn't listen, so you took matters into your own hands ? No, I wouldn't touch a hair on that girl's head. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't. - Why is that ? - She'd already filed a report. I saw her signature and everything. I just went back to the barracks, packed my duffel, and waited. MPs never came. So who'd she file that report with ? When someone filed a report with you, what'd you do with it ? Sent it up the chain of command. So when Vivian filed a report about Edna Reed's crash, you send that up ? Edna's crash was an accident.There wasn't a report. Weak sheep like Edna, nothing but a drain on your program. You were probably happy to have someone thin out the herd. You ask me, they were probably all weak. Women fly as well as men. It's on the record. Women took more money to train, had more accidents. They can't hack it in the sky. Enough, Scotty. Get some air. Yes, ma'am. I apologize for my partner. I know what it's like. You show one crack... Wolves tear you to pieces. Yeah. I finished reading your book. You fought hard for those girls. Had to fly every month to Mitchell Field to file a report with General Stockton. Orders to keep him in the loop. Made him see how important the WASP were to the country. You said Viv might have had a boyfriend in Manhattan ? You still believe that ? Gal could have been flying a million different places. How do I know ? Now... Which bases are north of Wilmington ? Otis in Massachusetts; Mitchell Field in Long Island. So if she were flying to Mitchell Field, what would her landmarks have been ? After all these years, hard to remember. But you flew it every month. Listen,I don't know what you're getting at... Would Philly have been a landmark ? One of the landmarks, yes. You know why Vivian would have packed her Santiago Dress Blues ? We found it in the bullet compartment. Maybe she was going to see someone important, like the general. I led the search party for Vivian. She was my best pilot. Yeah, but the day Vivian left, you put out next month's flight schedule. Your best pilot wasn't on it. And there's only one explanation for that, Iris, is you knew that Vivian wasn't coming back. I fought for those girls. You said it yourself. But your program was under attack, and men were looking for any excuse to shut it down. Heard some zipperheads saying the only way to keep us out of their jobs was to knock us out of the sky. Edna's "accident" was a crack... If they knew men were targeting us WASP, it would've made headlines ; we would've lost it all. But Vivian wouldn't stop till everyone knew. You buried that report for the greater good. Women fly combat today because of the WASP, because of what we did. Little girls look up to me. I speak for the WASP. I speak for you. I speak for Vivian. She left me no choice. MPs still haven't picked up Wolf. There's no formal investigation of Edna's crash. Your point, Miss Lynn ? You canned my report. Do you know what'll happen if they find out a man sabotaged a WASP plane ; How this will look ? It'll look like what it is-- murder. They're fighting a war, Vivian. You know how they'll fix this ? They'll shut us down. That's what you're worried about-- the program ? What about Edna ? Edna is gone. There is nothing we can do to bring her back, Vivian. Our job now is to take care of all the WASP. If the program is shut down, we all have to stop flying. You'll never fly that jet. Edna deserves justice. She would do the same for me ; for all of us. No one needs to know that you illegally covered up my report, if you send it up the chain today. You're right. I don't know what I was thinking. Go to Mitchell Field. Tell Stockton in person what happened to Edna. General Stockton, ma'am ? Don't ever let it be said I don't look out for my girls. Thank you, ma'am. Vivian. Going to need your Santiago Blues. Yes,ma'am. Happy landings... always. "I'll Walk Alone" par Martha Tilton.</i> *I'll walk alone * *Because to tell you the truth * *I'll be lonely * *I don't mind * *Being lonely * *When my heart tells me * *You are lonely,too * *I'll walk alone * *They'll ask me why * *And I'll tell them I'd rather * * There are dreams * * I must gather * *Dreams we fashioned the night * *If you call, I'll hear you * *No matter how far * *Just close your eyes * *And I'll be there * *Please walk alone * *And send your love and your kisses * *To guide me * *Till you're walking beside me * *I'll walk alone... * *Till you're walking beside me * *I'll walk alone... * ****************