Here lies the warrior of the people Let her cross over I think I was in heaven I was torn out of there ... by my friends They can never know We can't ignore this kind of behavior Something needs to be done before it spins out of control I'm glad you're here to take care of it We're getting married Congratulations Willow, you are using too much magic Can we not do this now? Just ... forget it ever happened Forget Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season 6 Episode 7 Transcribed by Joan the English Chick Psyche Site - http://www. psyche.kn-bremen.de Subtitle - RafPek SlayerFans - http://www.slayerfans.lava.pl Once More With Feeling Every single night, the same arrangement I go out and fight the fight Still I always feel this strange estrangement Nothing here is real, nothing here is right I've been making shows of trading blows Just hoping no one knows That I've been going through the motions Walking through the part Nothing seems to penetrate my heart I was always brave, and kind of righteous Now I find I'm wavering Crawl out of your grave, You'll find this fight just Doesn't mean a thing She ain't got that swing Thanks for noticing She does pretty well with fiends from hell But lately we can tell That she's just going through the motions Going through the motions Faking it somehow She's not even half the girl she... owww Will I stay this way forever? Sleepwalk through my life's endeavor? How can I repay... Whatever I don't want to beeeeee... Going through the motions Losing all my drive I can't even see If this is really me And I just want to be... Aliiiiiive Good morning, Buffy! Hey, did Dawn get off to school all right? What? Oh, yeah. I think so Respect the cruller. And tame the donut! That's still funny, sweetie So, no research? Nothing going on? Monsters or whatnot? Good! Good So, did anybody... Last night, you know, did anybody ... ... burst into song? Merciful Zeus! We thought it was just us! - Well, I sang but I had my guitar at the hotel... - It was bizarre We were talking and then it was like... Like you were in a musical! That would explain the huge backing orchestra I couldn't see and the synchronized dancing from the room service chaps And we were arguing and then everything rhymed and there were harmonies and the dance with coconuts There was an entire verse about the cous-cous It was very disturbing What did you sing about? I don't remember. But it seemed perfectly normal But disturbing. And not the natural order of things And do you think it'll happen again? I don't know. I should look into it With the books Do we have any books on this? Well, we just gotta break it down Look at the factors before it happens again. Because I for one... I've got a theory That it's a demon A dancing demon! No, something isn't right there I've got a theory Some kid is dreamin' And we're all stuck inside his wacky Broadway nightmare I've got a theory We should work this out It's getting eerie What's this cheery singing all about? It could be witches! Some evil witches! Which is ridiculous, 'Cause witches they were persecuted Wicca good and love the earth And woman power And I'll be over here I've got a theory! It could be bunnies! I've got a... Bunnies aren't just cute Like everybody supposes! They've got them hoppy legs And twitchy little noses! And what's with all the carrots? What do they need Such good eyesight for anyway? Bunnies! Bunnies! It must be bunnies! Or maybe midgets I've got a theory We should work this fast Because it clearly could get serious Before it's passed I've got a theory It doesn't matter What can't we face If we're together? What's in this place That we can't weather? Apocalypse? We've all been there The same old trips Why should we care? What can't we do If we get in it? We'll work it through within a minute We have to try We'll pay the price It's do or die Hey, I've died twice What can't we face if we're together? What can't we face... What's in this place that we can't weather? ... if we're together... There's nothing we can't face Except for bunnies See, okay, that was disturbing I thought it was neat So what is it? What's causing it? I thought it didn't matter Well, I'm not exactly quaking in my stylish yet affordable boots but there's definitely something unnatural going on here And that doesn't usually lead to hugs and puppies Well, is it just us? I mean, is it only happening to us? 'Cause that would probably mean a spell or... They got... the mustard... out! It's not just us Oh my god. You will never believe what happened at school today Everybody started singing and dancing? I gave birth to a pterodactyl Oh my god, did it sing? So, you guys too, huh? So what'd you guys sing about? Math Tha... That's right! The, the volume. The text What text? The volume-y text. You know? The, the report The what now? There's just a few volumes back at the house that deal with mystical chants, bacchanals. It might be relevant Yeah, we could ... Well, I'm a hair's breadth from investigating bunnies at the moment so I'm open to anything Great, we'll go check it out and we'll give you a call Yeah, this could blow the whole thing wide open Do we have any books at all at home? Well, who wants to be cooped up on a day like this? The sun is shining, there's songs going on... ... those guys are checking you out What? What are they looking at? The hotness of you, doofus Those boys really thought I was hot? Entirely Oh my god. I'm cured! I want the boys! Do I have to fight to keep you? 'Cause I'm not large with the butch. I'm just... not used to that. They- they were really looking at me? And you can't imagine what they see in you I know exactly what they see in me. You I lived my life in shadow Never the sun on my face. It didn't seem so sad, though I figured that was my place Now I'm bathed in light Something just isn't right I'm under your spell How else could it be Anyone would notice me? It's magic, I can tell How you set me free Brought me out so easily. I saw a world enchanted Spirits and charms in the air I always took for granted I was the only one there. But your power shone Brighter than any I've known. I'm under your spell Nothing I can do You just took my soul with you You worked your charms so well Finally, I knew Everything I dreamed was true You made me believe Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh The moon to the tide I can feel you inside I'm under your spell Surging like the sea Wanting you so helplessly I break with every swell Lost in ecstasy Spread beneath my willow tree You make me complete! You make me complete! You make me... I bet they're not even working Who now? Willow and Tara. You see the way they were with each other? The get-a-roominess to them? I bet they're... ... singing. They're probably singing right now I'm sure Willow and Tara are making every effort Oh, yeah Xander Buffy, it's okay I do know about this stuff Besides, it's all kinda romantic No it's not! Come on! Songs, dancing around. What's gonna be wrong with that? That's entertainment You want some breakfast, baby? You don't have to go to work? Nah, I shut the crew down for the day My guys start dancing around me, I don't know if I can deal It's a flab thing So, waffles? Will you still make me waffles when we're married? No, I'll only make them for myself, but by California law, you will own half of them Hey, how about omelettes? I could do an omelette. I've almost got that... This is the man that I plan to entangle Isn't he fine? My claim to fame was to maim and to mangle Vengeance was mine! But I'm out of the biz The name I made, I'll trade for his The only trouble is I'll never tell She is the one She's such wonderful fun Such passion and grace Warm in the night when I'm right in her tight ... Embrace! Tight embrace! I'll never let her go The love we've known can only grow There's just one thing that - no I'll never tell 'Cause there's nothing to tell He snores She wheezes Say 'housework' and he freezes She eats these skeezy cheeses that I can't describe I talk, he breezes She doesn't know what pleases His penis got diseases from a Chumash tribe! The vibe gets kind of scary Like she thinks I'm ordinary Like it's all just temporary Like her toes are kind of hairy But it's all very well 'Cause god knows, I'll never tell! "MAYHEM CAUSED. MONSTERS CERTAINLY NOT INVOLVED, OFFICIALS SAY" When things get rough He just hides behind his Buffy! Now look, he's getting huffy 'Cause he knows that I know She clings She's needy She's also really greedy She nev.. - His eyes are beady! This is my verse, hello! She... Look at me! I'm dancing crazy! You know... You're quite the charmer My knight in armor You're the cutest of the Scoobies With your lips as red as rubies And your firm yet supple Tight embrace! He's swell She's sweller He'll always be my feller That's why I'll never tell her that I'm petrified I've read this tale There's wedding, then betrayal I know there'll come the day I'll want to run and hide I lied I said it's easy I've tried But there's these fears I've can't quell Is she looking for a pot of gold? Will I look good when I've gotten old? Will our lives become too stressful if I'm never that successful? When I get so worn and wrinkly that I look like David Brinkley? Am I crazy? Am I dreamin'? Am I marrying a demon? We could really raise the beam in making marriage a hell! So, thank god, I'll never tell! I swear that I'll never tell! My lips are sealed I take the Fifth Nothing to see Move it along I'll never Tell! It's a nightmare It has to be stopped It's a plague. It's like a nightmare about a plague. It was like we were being watched - It's like, I didn't wanna be saying things... - Like there was a wall missing... - ... but they just kept pouring out - ... in our apartment And they rhymed and they were mean and Like there were only three walls and not a fourth wall and - My eyes are not beady! - My toes are not hairy! Giles, you've got to stop it Well, I am looking into some leads, and I... It's just, clearly our number is a retro pastiche that's never going to be a breakaway pop hit Work with me, British man Give me an axe and show me where to point it. Well now, Xander, it's not quite that simple But I have learned about some disturbing things. Basically... I'm asking you please no It isn't right, it isn't fair There was no parking anywhere I think that hydrant wasn't there Why can't you let it go? I think I've paid more than my share... As in burnt up? Somebody set people on fire? That's nuts! I don't know One more verse of our little ditty and I would've been looking for a gas can Well, clearly emotions are running high But as far as I can tell these people burnt up from the inside, spontaneously combusted I've only seen the one I was able to examine the body while the police were taking witness arias Okay, but we're sure That the things are related: the singing and dancing, and burning and dying We're not sure of much Buffy's looking for leads at the local demon haunts At least ... in theory she is, but... she doesn't seem to... She's easing back into it We pulled her out of an untold hell dimension Ergo the weirdness The important thing is to be there for her I'm helping her as much as I can, but, uh... The sun sets and she appears Come to serenade me? So you know what's going on Well, I've seen some damn funny things in the last two days A 600 pound Chirago demon making like Yma Sumac, that one will stay with you I remain immune, happy to say Drink? A world of no So any idea what's causing this? Oh. So that's all You've just come to pump me for information What else would I wanna pump you for? I really just said that, didn't I? Yeah, well... don't wanna bore you with the small talk Don't know a thing What's up? You're all bad moody Nothing. Glad you could stop by It's nothing What? I died So many years ago But you can make me feel Like it isn't so And why you come to be with me I think I finally know Mmm, mmm You're scared Ashamed of what you feel And you can't tell the ones you love You know they couldn't deal Whisper in a dead man's ear It doesn't make it real That's great But I don't wanna play 'Cause being with you touches me More than I can say But since I'm only dead to you I'm saying stay away And let me rest in peace Let me rest in peace Let me get some sleep Let me take my love and bury it In a hole six foot deep I can lay my body down But I can't find my sweet release So let me rest in peace! You know You've got a willing slave And you just love to play the thought That you might misbehave But till you do I'm telling you Stop visiting my grave And let me rest in peace I know I should go But I follow you Like a man possessed There's a traitor here Beneath my breast And it hurts me more Than you've ever guessed If my heart could beat, It would break my chest But I can see You're unimpressed So leave me be And let me rest in peace Let me get some sleep Let me take my love and bury it In a hole six foot deep I can lay my body down But I can't find my sweet release... Let me rest in peace Why won't you Let me rest in peace? So... you're not staying then? Lotta homework? Ah, math. It seemed cool when we were singing about it. Willow said they have a lead on the whole musical extravaganza evil This demon that can be summoned, some sort of Lord of the Dance But not the scary one. Just a demon Do they know who summoned it? They don't even know its name yet But Willow will find out She's the brainy type I'm glad you guys made up What? That fight you guys had about magic and stuff? It gives me belly rumblings when you guys fight. Dawn, Willow and I never fought about... It's okay. It's just... .. you guys are so great together. I just hate it when you... But that was the only fight I've seen you guys have anyway But I'm still glad it's over. Dawn, I, um... ... there's something I need at the shop. Will you be okay for a little while? Yes. The fifteen-year-old can spend a half an hour alone in her locked house I won't be gone long Does anybody even notice? Does anybody even care? Why'd you run away? Don't you like my... style? Why don't you come and play? I guarantee a... ... great big smile I come from the imagination And I'm here strictly by your invocation So what do you say? Why don't we dance awhile? I'm the hot swing I'm the twist and shout When you gotta sing When you gotta... let it out You call me and I come a-running I turn the music on I bring the fun in Now we're partyin' That's what it's all about 'Cause I know... what you feel, girl I know just what you feel, girl So... you're like a good demon? Bringing the fun in? All these melodies... They go on too long Then that energy Starts to come on way too strong All those hearts laid open, That must sting Plus, some customers just start combusting That's the penalty When life is but a song You brought me down into this town So, when we blow this scene Back we will go to my kingdom below And you will be my queen 'Cause I know what you feel, girl No, you see, You and me Wouldn't be very regal I'll make it real, girl What I mean, I'm fifteen So this queen thing's illegal I can bring whole cities to ruin And still have time to get a soft-shoe in Well, that's great, but I'm late And I'd hate to delay her Something's cooking, I'm at the griddle I bought Nero his very first fiddle She'll get pissed, if I'm missed See, my sister's the Slayer The Slayer? Yuh... huh. Find her. Tell her... tell her everything. Just get her here. I want to see the Slayer burn. Now we're partying. That's what it's all about Good. Good. I feel like I should... bow, or... have honor or something. It may seem hookey, but we need to work on precision And concentration as much as power. We're still not sure what we're facing. Oh, you'll figure it out. I'm just worried this whole session's gonna turn into some training montage from an 80's movie. Ah. Well, if we hear any inspirational power chords we'll just lie down until they go away I don't think we need to work that much on your strength Yeah, I'm pretty spry for a corpse Have you spoken to Dawn about that incident at Halloween? Oh. I thought you took care of that Right What would I do without you? Okay. I'm ready You're not ready For the world outside You keep pretending But you just can't hide I know I said that I'd be standing by your side But I... Your path's unbeaten And it's all uphill And you can meet it But you never will And I'm the reason That you're standing still But I... I wish I could say the right words To lead you through this land Wish I could play the father And take you by the hand Wish I could stay here But now I understand I'm standing in the way The cries around you You don't hear at all 'Cause you know I'm here to take that call So you just lie there When you should be standing tall But I... I wish I could lay your arms down And let you rest at last Wish I could slay your demons But now that time has passed Wish I could stay here Your stalwart, standing fast But I've been standing in the way I'm just standing... in the way Did you just say something? "Lethe's Bramble. Used for augmenting spells of forgetting and mind control. " I'm under your spell God, how can this be? Playing with my memory You know I've been through hell Willow, don't you see? There'll be nothing left of me You made me believe... You made me believe... ... believe me, I don't wanna go And it'll grieve me 'Cause I love you so But we both know - Wish I could say the right words - Wish I could trust that it was just this once - To lead you through this land - But I must do what I must - Wish I could play the father - I can't adjust to this disgust - And take you by the hand - We're done and I just Wish I could stay Wish I could stay... Lookie lookie what I found Is... is this the demon guy? Tara! Works for him Has a nice little story for the Slayer, don't you? Come on, then Sing My master has the Slayer's sister hostage at the Bronze because she summoned him and at midnight he's going to take her to the underworld to be his queen What does he want? Her If that's all you've got to say, then Strong Someday he'll be a real boy So. Dawn's in trouble Must be Tuesday I... I just left her for a few minutes Oh, it's not your fault. So what's the plan? Plan, schman. Let's mount up. No Uh, Dawn may have had the wrong idea in summoning this creature, but... I've seen some of these underworld child bride deals and, and they never end well. Well, maybe once We're not just gonna stay here Yes we are. Buffy's going alone Gah! Don't be a stupid git. There is no... If I want your opinion, Spike, I'll... I'll never want your opinion A little confusion spell could... No! I mean, I don't think it'll help Look, forget them, Slayer. I've got your back I thought you wanted me to stay away from you Isn't that what you sang? Spike sing a widdle song? Would you say it was a breakaway pop hit or more of a book number? Let it go, sweetie. Fine. I hope you dance till you burn. You and the little bit You're really not coming It's up to you, Buffy What do you expect me to do? Your best I touch the fire and it freezes me I look into it and it's black Why can't I feel? My skin should crack and peel I want the fire back! Now through the smoke, She calls to me To make my way across the flame To save the day Or maybe melt away I guess it's all the same So I will walk through the fire 'Cause where else can I turn? I will walk through the fire And let it... The torch I bear is scorching me Buffy's laughing, I've no doubt I hope she fries I'm free if that bitch dies! I better help her out 'Cause she is drawn to the fire Some people never learn She will never learn And she will walk through the fire And let it... Will this do a thing to change her? Am I leaving Dawn in danger? Is my slayer too far gone to care? What if Buffy can't defeat it? Beady Eyes is right, we're needed! Or we could just sit around and glare We'll see it through It's what we're always here to do So we will walk through the fire So one by one, they turn from me I guess my friends can't face the cold "What can't we face... " But why I froze, not one among them knows "If we're together? " And never can be told She came from the grave much graver "So one by one they turn to me" First he'll kill her, then I'll save her Everything is turning out so dark "Going through the motions... " No, I'll save her, then I'll kill her "Walking through the part" I think this line's mostly filler "Ain't what they had in mind" What's it gonna take to strike a spark? "It's what they have inside" These endless days are finally ending in a blaze "She will come to me" And we are caught in the fire The point of no return So we will walk through the fire And let it burn Let it burn! Showtime! I love a good entrance. How are you with death scenes? You got a name? I've got a hundred Well, I ought to know what to call you if you're gonna be my brother-in-law Buffy, I swear I didn't do it Don't worry. You're not going anywhere. I am What? Deal's this. I can't kill you? Let it burn! You take me to Hellsville in her place What if I kill you? Trust me. Won't help Hm, that's gloomy! That's life Come now, is that really what you feel? Isn't life a miraculous thing? I think you already know Life's a show And we all play our parts And when the music starts We open up our hearts It's all right If some things come out wrong We'll sing a happy song And you can sing along Where there's life There's hope Every day's A gift Wishes can Come true Whistle while You work So hard All day To be like other girls To fit in in this glittering world Don't give me songs She needs backup. Anya, Tara Don't give me songs Give me something to sing about Ahhhhh... I need something to sing about Ahhhhh... Life's a song You don't get to rehearse And every single verse Can make it that much worse Still my friends Don't know why I ignore The million things or more I should be dancing for All the joy Life sends Family And friends All the twist And bends Knowing that It ends Well that Depends On if they let you go On if they know enough to know That when you've bowed You leave the crowd There was no pain No fear, no doubt Till they pulled me out Of Heaven So that's my refrain I live in Hell 'Cause I've been expelled From Heaven I think I was in Heaven So give me something to sing about Please Give me something... Life's not a song Life isn't bliss Life is just this It's living You'll get along The pain that you feel You only can heal By living You have to go one living So one of us is living The hardest thing in this world... ... is to live in it Now that was a show-stopping number Not quite the fireworks that I was looking for Get out of here Mmm, I smell power I guess the little missus and I should be on our way That's never going to happen I don't make the rules. She summoned me. I so did not. He keeps saying that You have my talisman on, sweet thing Oh, but, no, I, I, um, uh, this at, at the Magic Box, on the floor I was, I was cleaning and I... forgot... but... I didn't summon anything Well now, that's a twist If it was in the shop... ... then one of us probably... Xander?! Well, I didn't know what was gonna happen! I just thought there were gonna be dances and songs I just wanted to make sure we'd... ... we'd work out Get a happy ending I think everything worked out just fine Does this mean that I have to... ... be your queen It's tempting But I think we'll waive that clause just this once Big smiles everyone! You beat the bad guy What a lot of fun You guys have been real swell And there's not a one Who can say this ended well All those secrets you've been concealing Say you're happy now Once more with feeling Now I gotta run See you all... ... in heeeeeeell! Where do we go... from here? Where do we go... from here? The battle's done And we kind of won So we sound our victory cheer Where do we go from here? Why is the path unclear When we know home is near? Understand we'll go hand in hand But we'll walk alone in fear Tell me! Where do we go from here? When does the end appear? Bugger this When do the trumpets cheer? The curtains close on a kiss, god knows We can tell the end is near Hey "Where do we go from here? " You should go back inside Finish the big group sing Get your kum-ba-yayas out I don't want to The day you suss out what you do want There'll probably be a parade Seventy- six bloody trombones - Spike... - Look, you don't have to say anything I touch the fire and it freezes me I died... - I look into it and it's black - So many years ago This isn't real This isn't real But you can make me