Who? The vampires. You see your power. Why can't you people just leave me alone? Into each generation a Slayer is born. You're the Slayer, and we're like the Slayerettes. The three of us have been together from the beginning. We've always gone on patrols, and done demon research with her and everything. We're talking about two very powerful witches and a thousand-year-old ex-demon. Anya, you wanna marry me? Angel I love you. So don't go. Home sweet home. That chip was deeply imbedded in your cerebral cortex. I can't bite anything I can't even hit people. What are you saying? Spike had a little trip to the vet, and now he doesn't chase the other puppies any more. I know you'll never love me. I know that I'm a monster, but you treat me like a man. They had to be certain the Slayer would protect it with her life. So they sent the key to her in the form of a sister. You were created to open the gates that separate dimensions. The little girl. The key. Destroy it, and the will of the beast will be broken. Spike! No! I have to jump. It'll kill you. Look at what's happening! Buffy ... no. Dawnie, I have to. You have to take care of each other You have to be strong Be brave Live For me Come on I'm never gonna get anything killed with you lot holding me back. I thought the big ones were supposed to tire more easily. No, that's over-the-hill shopkeepers. I'm fine. I just need to ... ... to die for a minute. It was that powder you blew at him made him rabbit off. It's sorbis root, it was supposed to confuse him, but... it just kinda made him peppy. It's not supposed to mix with anything, you think he might be taking prescription medication? Yeah, that must be it. Good god, I hope he doesn't try to operate heavy machinery. Yeah, we could all be in real... # Guys, heads up # # The vampire's circling back towards you, six o'clock # # Try to drive him back towards the Van Elton crypt # # Van Elton # Is that the one with the cute little gargoyles? # Left, make him go left! # Big, fast, and dumb. Just the way I like them. Sounds like the other units are engaged. # Xander, Anya, stop! # Great googly-moogly, Willow. Would you quit doing that? # I told you I was going to get the lay of the land # But not the lay of my brain. It's kind of intrusive. You could knock first or something. # Xander... # I know, I know, I don't have to talk when I answer you. But I saw "The Fury" and that way lies spooky carnival death. # Xander! Vampire! Other side of that tomb # You can get the jump on him if you go the other way. Why didn't you just say so? # Tara, down! # Spike! Spike! # What are you doing? Help him! # I did. You might have let me in on your plan while he throttled me. Oh, poor Watcher. Did your life pass before your eyes? Cup of tea, cup of tea almost got shagged, cup of tea? # Guys, help Xander and Anya over by the Anderson tomb # Xander! I got it! That'll put marzipan in your pie plate, bingo! What's with the Dadaism, Red? Yeah, she says that pie thing every time she stakes a vamp now. I don't know, I was trying to program in some new puns and I kinda ended up with word salad. I think it's funny. It's a glitch, I'll fix it. We just can't have her messing up in front of the wrong person. Or the wrong thing. We, we need the, the world. And the underworld to believe that Buffy is alive and well. And I will therefore fix it. I got her head back on, didn't I? And I got her off those knock-knock jokes. Who's there? You know, if we want her to be exactly... She'll never be exactly. I know. The only really real Buffy is really Buffy. And she's gone If we want her to be exactly. She'll never be exactly. I know the only really real Buffy is really Buffy and she's gone' who? Buffy The Vampire Slayer Season 6 Episode 1 & 2 Bargaining Transcribed by Joan the English Chick Psyche Site - http://www. psyche.kn-bremen.de Subtitle - RafPek SlayerFans - http://www.slayerfans.lava.pl Where is my clog? I think there's a clog-eating monster under the bed. It's really those lesser-known monsters that make living in Sunnydale so hard. I believe that that is a Dawn monster. She borrowed them yesterday. Dawnie? Hey, you up? You okay? Besides terror about today and a general feeling of impending doom, swell. Breakfast will make all things better. Pancakes could go in bellies. Dawnie? Hey, you! Today's the big day? Kinda day that makes you wanna return clogs, don't you think? I didn't take your clogs. Morning Morning! I was thinking we could go over your programming again. Again? You've done enough, sweetie. She's either ready to face this thing or she's not. Oh, um, here's some juice, and... pancakes are on the way. Funny shapes or rounds? Rounds are fine. What's up with the mega-witches? I don't know if you can call us mega. Willow maybe... No, I mean ... Who's gonna eat all that? She wanted to help, And I got her started but then I forgot to un-start. House of chicks, relax. I am a man, and I have a tool. Tools. Lots of plural tools. In my ... toolbox. Sandwiches. Excellent. Men like sandwiches. Help yourself. Really. So what brings you so early, your macho-ness? I brought that soldering wire you wanted for BuffyBot's tune-up. You got funny shapes anyway, sorry. I'll get it! NO! It could be my dad. He said he'd call today. I'll just say hello. He's my biological ancestor. Hello? Hey, Anya. Really? That's fantastic! Anya found that thing, for tonight. Yeah? Great. And you're her sweet cookie-face. I go by many names. Well, what's tonight? Just a Scooby meeting. Spike'll be here with you. You know, Buffy... bot... Maybe you should let the machine ... The other machine answer the phone from now on. Okay? Is my phone manner not correct? It's perfect. It's just... We can't take the chance that Mr. Summers might talk to you and know something's wrong. See, if he thought the real Buffy was gone. He could take Dawn away. And I wanna stay here, with you and Willow and Tara. Understand? I do! I want you to stay here as well. You're my sister! So. Excellent. We're agreed. Sit your robo-self down so we can get to work. We gotta fix up those fighting skills pronto. Actually, we have bigger worries than her fighting skills today. Way bigger. I guess. Depends on how highly you prize punning. I'm serious, Xander. Buffybot is about to face her most dangerous challenge ever. "Welcome to Parent Teacher Day" Okay. So we'll make a quick lap so people can see you're here. Then we'll... What is this? This is our city of the future. I made the hover-cars. They're orange-juice cans, see? They're very nice. But I still don't understand We're reading Walden. This is ... a kid's version of a utopian society You'll notice there are no schools but an extraordinary number of pizza parlors. I don't think. I know of a breed of humans this small. Who's going to live here? Ha ha ha! God ! She's always like this. Ha ha! Come on, wacky Buffy. See ya, Mr. Davis. As you can see, we've provided the best in progressive learning. But we can't teach your children unless you do. As parents, you have a responsibility to create the right attitude. To teach your child what school can mean. Ms. Summers. School is where you learn. Exactly. Parents let kids focus on school as a social experience rather than a learning experience. We want you to get your kids just as excited about education as they are about the lunch hour I helped make lunch today Oh Yes, before school. Peanut butter and jelly. I don't eat, but Dawn takes one every day. Tell me about it. My kid's been brown-bagging it even though I pay for the lunch program. It's true. Something has to be done about the quality of the food. Anya, this register report for January looks a bit off. Pull the files again. Are you mad at me? Mad? No, I'm.. I'm... Well then why are you torturing me? You know, I used to punish people like this when I was a demon. I made them double-check spreadsheets for all eternity. I'm sorry if you resent my authority But I won't feel comfortable leaving here untill I know that absolutely everything... You're taking the Ramadan effigy?! It's not inventory, it's my personal collection. Aren't you Mister Dicey Semantics So, what, you think you can just take anything you want? Give it! No, you give it! Okay, when *I'm* marveling at the immaturity ... be scared. Anya, Giles is gonna leave the store to you when he goes. What more do you want? I'm not *leaving* the store to anyone. I'm going to England. I'm not dead, I'm still a partner. Silent oversees partner Who you should be very nice to, unless you want to end up working at Video Hut What are you doing? What kind of gratitude is that? I know, I know. It's just ... He keeps saying he's going, and then he doesn't. And I keep almost being in charge, but then I'm not. And maybe he shouldn't be going at all, but we can't talk about that. And it all just leaves me with this stress and bossiness stored up, and it just... leaks out. Just give it time. This is hard for all of us. Just... be patient. I was being patient, but it took too long. I mean ... I miss Buffy. I do. But life shouldn't just stop because she's gone. I'm sick of waiting to take over here, and I'm sick of waiting to tell everyone about us. We've talked about this. We can't announce our engagement while things are so up in the air. Why not? It's happy news. Happy news in hard times is a good thing. It is, but... if things go as planned, everything could be different. Let's just hold on. You've been saying that all summer. Please, Anya. We'll know more after we talk to Willow and Tara tonight. Fine, whatever. Just remember that this whole marriage thing was your stupid idea. I didn't ask to be all crazy. So my homeroom teacher, Ms. Lefcort, was like "Your sister's an example to us all" She wanted to make it National Buffy Day. Makes sense It does? Yeah, she responded to BuffyBot because a robot is predictable Boring. Perfect teacher's pet. That's all schools are, you know. Just factories, spewing out mindless little automatons Who go on to be... very... valuable and productive members of society And you should go. Because Buffy would want you to. Check. One mindless automaton coming up. So what do you fancy, bit game of rummy? Well Willow and Tara said they'd be back early. You don't really have to hang. I mean, if you're bored. I'm not, and yeah, I do. But I'm fine alone. It's not like anyone's coming after me I'm not the key. Or if I am. I don't open anything any more It's over. Remember? I'm not leaving you here by yourself, so forget it. Well, I'm just saying... No. I'm not leaving you ... to get hurt. Not again. Now deal. Don't be scared. I'm going to kill him. Slayer! You can run away now. Not you! You're ... you're ...  you're a machine! Thank you! Stop! Vampires ... beware. The urn of Osiris. You really found it. Yeah. It wasn't easy. I went through every supplier the Magic Box has. You used a Magic Box supplier? What if Giles finds out? He's too busy not leaving to pay attention to me. Besides, I ended up getting it on eBay. You found the last known urn of Osiris on eBay? Yeah, from this desert gnome in Cairo. He drove a really hard bargain. But I finally got him to throw in a limited edition Backstreet Boys lunchbox for a... ... a friend So you got your somber on. Will, is the urn not up to spec? It's the one. Which means it's time. It's time? Like, *time* time? With the ... timeliness? Are you sure? I am. Mercury's in retrograde, and we have... Do we have everything? Just about But why the sudden rushy-rush? I mean, did the bot blow our cover at school? No, she did great, she impressed all the teachers. And they still thought it was Buffy? Tomorrow night, we'll meet back here. Let's apply the brakes and check the rear- and side-view mirrors here. This is deep stuff, Willow. We're talking about raising the dead. It's time we stop talking. Tomorrow night... We're bringing Buffy back Tomorrow? I don't know Discovery Channel has monkeys. And our tape machine's all wonky. Guys, I need you on board here. It's just... It feels wrong. It is wrong It's against all the laws of nature, And practically impossible to do, but it's what we agreed to If... if you guys are changing your minds... Nobody's changing their minds. Period. Excuse me? Who made you the boss of the group? You did You said Willow should be boss ... And then you said "let's vote" and "it was unanimous"... ... and then you made her this little plaque ... That said "Boss of Us" "you put little sparkles on it"... Valid points, all. But we... I mean... We were just talking then Xander, I can do this, I promise. But not without you Should we maybe tell Giles? You know, now that we're really ready? It's not like he's going anywhere. Ever No. No one else can know. Not Giles, not Spike, not Dawn. They might not understand. What if something does go wrong? I'm telling you it won't Scenario... We raise Buffy from the grave, she tries to eat our brains Do we, a) congratulate ourselves on a job well done... Xander, this isn't zombies Zombies don't eat brains anyway unless instructed to by their zombie masters. A lot of people get that wrong. This isn't like Dawn trying to bring Mrs. Summers back, Or anything we've dealt with before. Buffy didn't die a natural death She was killed by mystical energy Which means we do have a shot It means more than that It means we don't know... where she really is We saw her body, Will. We buried it Her body, yeah. But her soul... her essence... I mean, that could be somewhere else. She could be trapped, In... in some sort of hell dimension like Angel was Suffering eternal torment, just because she saved us, and I'm not gonna let... I'm not gonna leave her there. It's Buffy. What time do we meet? Willow! What happened, where's Dawn? Upstairs, in bed. But the bot here seems to have got into a scrape while she was on patrol. I think my feet are broken. Eh, looks more like a short in the navigational system. Can you get me a flashlight? It's in the kitchen. She wanted to go out and look for you again, But I figured there are enough things in Sunnydale that go bump in the night. Good thinking. But my homing device locates you when I am injured. I am programmed to go to you. Right, I know. Still, I think just this once, it was a good idea to stay put. Spike was right. Sorry I questioned you, Spike. You know I admire your brain almost as much as your washboard abs. I told you to make her stop doing that. I did. I mean, I thought I got all that stuff out of the program. Well, you've got her opened up, fix it. Sure. I mean, I have a lot of work here, but I'll see what I can do. Can you shine the flashlight right here? Spike! Did I say something wrong? No, it's not your fault I think Spike stopped liking me That's not true, he ... He thinks you're swell Then how come he never looks at me any more? Even when he's talking to me. He just gets cranky, the way vampires do. Now, just relax I am gonna make you good as new. I promise. That was splendid. Now... try it again... Only this time, remember your breathing. No, that's good, but ... Think of the breath as chi. Air as a life source. I don't require oxygen to live. Of course, strictly speaking, but... Maybe you should stick to the standard drill. You know, you don't want her to blow another gasket. I'm testing her responses after her injury. I see no harm in imparting a little Eastern philosophy. Well, I just think that, the concept of chi might be a little, You know, hard for her to grasp. You know, she's not the descendant of a long line of mystical warriors. She's the descendant of a toaster oven. Yes, well, I appreciate your input, Anya But I think Buffybot has responded nicely to our sessions. Well, you're the boss. Still. Would you like to test me again? No, perhaps we should call it a day Your... your responses are fine Perhaps Anya's right. Perhaps I am trying to teach you as if you were... Human? Yes I like your teachings. Every Slayer needs her Watcher. I'm not so sure about that. What do you mean? Nothing I just can't help but wonder if... She would have been better off without me. Buffy. I don't think that's true. You were very helpful to her Right. Yes, I was a perfect Watcher. I did what any good Watcher would do. Got my Slayer killed in the line of duty. That wasn't your fault. Of course not. That's how all Slayer/Watcher relationships end, isn't it? She's gone. I did my job. Well, then why are you still here? So I got her cornered in this alley, see... You get the Slayer cornered. Yeah. I figured it's my duty. She's a menace to our society. So we fight, And I'm like, pow pow pow! And I got her on the ropes You're lying to me I swear on all that's unholy! You haven't even heard the best part. I cut her, right? And she's... I don't know, some kind of machine. She's not human! You're high. I'm telling you, it wasn't even the Slayer, man. It was like a trick A robot. What's with the blood rat? Talk! Okay, so, I was over in Sunnydale, minding my own beeswax, when I see the Slayer... The part about the robot We fought, right? And I was like all over her, boom boom boom.... He says the Slayer's been replaced by some kind of machine A robot, yeah! And I kicked her synthetic ass. You shoulda seen the sparks.. You telling me. There's no Slayer in Sunnydale? That's what I'm saying, they got some kind of decoy standing in for her Town is wide open Nowhere like the Hellmouth for a party. There's all kinds of bad in that place I guess with your muscle you could own it in no time Hey look, I know you guys don't usually let vampires join the gang, And I got the whole sunlight issue. But I was thinking, you know, As thanks for the 4-1-1, you could let me go... I'll think it over. Let's ride! Adonai, Helomi, Pine Adonai, Helomi, Pine The gods do command thee from thy majesty O Mappa Laman, Adonai, Helomi Come forward, blessed one Know your calling Come forward, blessed one Accept our humble gratitude for your offering In death ... you give life May you find wings to the kingdom Hey. You're late I had to get that thing Giles isn't around, you can dump the cryptic The last spell ingredient Okay, right. What is vino de madre anyway? Wine of the mother. Kind of... black market stuff Black market, you didn't tell me that You shouldn't have gone alone, it could have been dangerous Sorry. I didn't... I was careful Well, it must be something pretty intense The black market's all baby teeth and spooky fluids All I know is we have to have it to finish the spell, So, it's good stuff in my book How come you guys are here anyway? I thought we weren't gonna meet till later We were. It just felt weird hanging out on our own It's better if we stay together Aw, you got butterflies, baby? More like bats You wanna look at the money? I find it always calms me That's okay, thanks You tell those bats that everything is gonna be all right I promise. We couldn't be more prepared I know, I just wish it was time, I can't stand worrying about it anymore Well, it's your lucky day then I have something that will distract you What? "I've gone. Not one for long good-byes I thought it best to slip out quietly. Love to you all, Giles" You really think we'd let you get away with that? I was trying to avoid a scene, really Like we'd make a scene Not you. Me We brought you some lovely parting gifts It's American. Get it? Apple pie? To remind you of all the good food you won't be eating And a monster, sort of a Sunnydale souvenir we thought. Grr! Argh! And I wanted to buy you a can of Old English 800, 'Cause, you know, England, and you, and... Because at the time it sounded really funny But the guy who lives in the box in front of the store, he wouldn't buy it for us We got your presents at the gas station. We were kind of in a hurry We made this in the car. That's why the letters are all shaky This is ... impossible, really We just wanted you to know that... We'll miss you ... but we'll be okay. We'll miss you, But, we'll be okay I'll take really good care of your money Yes, I have no doubt, "... passengers, Flight 3982, leaving for Los Angeles and continuing to London. Rows 20 through 30... " That's me Now? We just made it Just, yes Well, if we're going to do this, let's do it properly I'm just a phone call away... if you need anything You must promise me I do. I promise Willow. I don't know where to start Well, maybe you shouldn't I'm trying to be stiff-upper-lippy Right, right Well, you should get going. Don't you have a life or something? Well, I suppose that's the question really Just ... be careful. Please There he goes It's a good thing. My face was getting sore from all that faux smiling It was right, though, wasn't it? Giving him the no-tears sendoff? I mean, we don't want him going off all worried about us He'd still be all worried, just... eight hours ahead What's he gonna do over there by himself? I mean, he never talks about people from England. What if he's lonely? He won't be lonely He used to live there before, remember? And I'm sure we'll talk to him, right? It's not like he's... We'll call him tomorrow, how about that? See how his flight was? Yeah? Can you believe the timing? I mean, he's leaving right When we're ready to... do the thing tonight. I know, I had hoped we'd figure it out before he ... before he left. Maybe we should have told him. I mean, what if it works? He'll come back It'll be dark soon Yeah, we should get Dawn home. I want to go over everything one more time Nothing can go wrong tonight Does everybody have their candles? I'm trying, my lighter won't stay lit Well, hurry, it has to... What time is it? A minute till midnight Come on, Anya, do you have it? I got it, I got it. I got it Okay. Start the circle. Now Osiris, keeper of the gate, master of all fate, hear us Before time, and after. Before knowing and nothing Accept our offering. Know our prayer Willow! No! She... she told me... she'd be tested. This is supposed to happen Osiris! Here lies the warrior of the people Let her cross over She needs help! Xander, she's strong! She said not to stop, no matter what If we break the cycle now, it's over God, what is that noise? Osiris, let her cross over! Aah... Oh my god, oh my god It's a test. It's a test. Willow... What's going on? Stay away from the window What is it, what's happening? Just do as I say I'm going to check the rest of the house. Don't move! That doesn't belong to you. Put it back Slayer. I've been hearing interesting things about you Yes. I am interesting. These your friends? They're my boys, yeah Good. Now tell them to get back on their loud bicycles and go back wherever they came from Or what? You'll electrocute us? Hold her You're nothing but a toy. A pretty toy. Wanna play? I would, but you've injured me. I have to return to Willow Get her! Osiris, release her! Willow! I need service! Willow! No! Willow! Look what I found! Take off! Go! Go! Anya! Dissolvo! Willow. Willow, are you okay? Did it work? I'm sorry I'm dangerously close to ... systems failure! Must disengage from combat so Willow can service me I'll service ya, girl toy! Willow! I'm pretty sure she's okay Or as okay as someone who's just had snakes coming out of their mouth What the hell was that all about, Tara? Less talk, more running away I'm sure the woods'll give us cover. Their motorcycles can't follow us in here Someone should tell them that New plan. Let's split up No, bad plan I'll take her No, I can carry her. I'll keep her safe We should meet up somewhere The Magic Box. Whoever gets there first, call Dawn and Spike Wait. What about the Buffybot? We can't. It's lost. Go! Xan... Xander, where... where... Shh! We're using our quiet voice, Will Wh... wh... where's Tara? Off and running. Like we need to be. We gotta keep moving ... right Demons... on bikes Yeah. We got trouble Right here in Hellmouth City And our very own robo-Buffy led them right to us Buffy! The ritual! We have to go back Will. I told you We have to try again No, we can't We have to, Xander! I.. she.. she's waiting! She's counting on us, on, on me! I can't leave her there any more, I won't. We have to finish Shh! Will... the urn of cirrhosis... Osiris? Yeah. It got kind of... Broken. It's broken. I remember So we'll find another one. Better made Anya and I will jump back on the web... There is no other one Okay, we'll fix this one. A little tape, a dab of Crazy Glue No. It's no use. The urn's defiled. It's gone Nothing, it was all for nothing Buffy's gone. She's really gone Over here! Stop your moaning Was that really necessary? A simple "psst"... I'm just saying it's rank Get off it, Clyed Razor and the others head back to town, leave us here to hunt down strays It's bullshit Hey! You got a bug up your crack, you take it up with Razor Until then you do as he says, and shut your hole, before I rip you a new one Ah, screw this, let's get out of here Let's go hit some stores Doesn't sound like they found Willow and Xander Did he say stores? Hitting stores? Does that mean looting? I think, I think the woods let out over this way We should keep off the streets, take alleys if we can They can't loot the magic shop, not now! I just got it Let's go You don't think they'll cause a lot of damage, do you? A couple of stakes... ... holy water, one cross - Oww! Brilliant Here! You want me to bloody thump you? I told you to stay away from the window Who are they? Hellions. Road pirates. They raid towns use them up, burn them down It's usually backwaters, any place... Any place they think is vulnerable They know. The Slayer's gone Can't stay here Well, I'm not going out there! Got no choice, bit, I can't protect you here Well, we can lock the doors, turn out the lights And what, hide under the bed linen? Not really my style But we need to wait for the others, and Buffy ... bot. You know, the Buffybot We... we have to wait for the others... Look! Dawn, I get that you're scared. But I'm your sitter, so mind me I'm not gonna let any of those buggers lay so much as a warty digit on you. Right? Right Right, then. We can't wait around to see if the others will pop in We're on our own. No one's coming to our rescue. Willow, Xander! They're not here Thank god. No, I mean, my store hasn't been looted Yet Xander They're all right Then where are they? Why aren't they here? They could be hurt. Xander could be lying somewhere broken and bleeding, calling out my name Anya Like that, god! What if what if they're really hurt, what if they're dead? - They're not - How do you know? Because he's with Willow And if something... happened, I'd know And so would you I'm sure of it. They're fine They're both fine. Maybe they got lost, in the woods. The woods? Are we going back to the woods? I hate the woods. All those woodsy trees No, it's okay. Lost is good Willow and I always know how to find each other! With yoga? Ssh! Aradia, hear my words Okay, this is really starting to grate my cheese These woods aren't that big. Now, I know we've been going straight. Because I've been following the North Star Xander. That's not the North Star. It's an airplane Nah, that's not an airplane, it's definitely...... a blimp! But I can see how one... could make that airplane mistake I, I can't walk any more. I need to rest It can't be much further You said that an hour ago. I just... that spell took a lot out of me As for example, snakes? How come you didn't tell us how much... No. Not now What were we into back there, Will? It doesn't matter anyway Do not get all avoidy on me I'm not avoidy, I just... we have bigger problems. Demons? Demons! There's something you don't see every day. Unless you're us Yeah, and now we're lost, so can we... What's that? See? Avoidy Over there, that... that light That one moving towards us? Incredibly fast? Hello? "Hello"? We're being hunted, and you're hello-ing a strange fast-moving light in the dark? It could be anything It's a motorcycle headlight No, too small Stay behind me Xander, I don't... Stay down. I'll take care of this. Xander, it's... A bug! A big fiery bug! Xander... Get off! Do fireflies bite? No, they probably burn, don't they? Xander, it's not a bug It's Tara Come on And how long have you known that your girlfriend's Tinkerbell? What are you doing? Get away from there! Do you hear me? I said get off my property! Leave us alone. Get outta here! Get back I... it looks like they're just wrecking stuff No thought other than just destruct-o-rama What? Nothing, just, ... looked like fun I'm just saying. Yeah, it's just... with this kind of frolicking going on all around town, We're not gonna get very far without... Let's fly, pigeon! Already been looted, sorry! Try the appliance store down the block, they've got great toasters Anya! Xander? I knew you weren't dead Wow, then why was I so worried? Are you... Not yet. But, but I will be Where's Dawn and Spike? We've been calling the house, but... Maybe they're on their way here I mean, this place is NORAD, and we are at DefCon One Okay, I so need male friends We have to go out and look for them There's this guy at work I kind of hit it off with Tito. I mean, he seems like a good... You were talking about Dawn and Spike, of course Question. You want us to go back out there? Well, yeah. Unless somebody's got a better idea Well, it's just... we're minus a Buffybot And Spike is missing in action somewhere with Dawn, and Giles flew away, And well you, you're looking a little magicked-out Ahn honey, we're nearing your point, right? It's just, how are we supposed to fight these guys? I mean, we can take a vampire or two, sure, but there's a whole cavalcade of demons out there... I mean, I think this, you know... it, it takes, um... I mean, I... we need... Buffy Buffy... ... is not coming back We failed So... we're it, gang Xander, grab the weapons. We're gonna look for Dawn and Spike If we're gonna go, we should go now, they're just getting more and more worked up by the moment. Well, they can't keep it up forever I mean, maybe they'll party themselves out, you know, tire of this place and move on Say hello to your new home, boys This here is a momentous occasion, the beginning of a new era Now, no question, the open backroads and highways have been good to us But we've got ourselves a juicy little burg here, just ripe for the picking And I ain't in no hurry to leave it, you? So I figure, what better way to kick off our... ... semi-settling-down, than with a little christening? A symbolic act commemorating the new order around here... And ridding ourselves of any not-so-pleasant reminders of the old All in one quick, really, *really* violent fell swoop Gentlemen, start your engines Bye... bye, slayer! No! Another one for the fire, boys Tear it up Sorry. Sorry It wasn't your fault. We, we don't know if the spell would have worked, even if the demons hadn't... It would have worked Well... maybe... What? Maybe it wasn't supposed to. I mean, those demons showing up at the exact wrong time? Maybe we really were in over our heads Invoking forces that we have no right to Maybe the fates sent down all that destruction on us to stop us. I mean... You mean, maybe it was my fault No. No I'm not saying we announce it this second Anya! Well, I think it would please them to know we're engaged And I think Willow in particular could use a real morale-booster right now Can we talk about this later? Well, but it's just all the excuses for not telling everyone we're engaged are gone now I mean, aside from hell bikers, there's nothing standing in our way. This is it. No more surprises Watch it! It... it's the BuffyBot Peachy. No doubt to lead the wild bunch right to us again Hey Will, next time this thing's damaged, couldn't program it to find the nearest Radio Shack, or... Buffy? Buffy! Where is she? Buffy? Buffy, are you... It's Willow. Can you hear me? What's wrong with her? Nothing! She... she's... she's in shock Her hands are bleeding. Her fingers She's filthy Oh no. What? No. How could we... so stupid! Xander! Our spell. Our resurrection spell worked like a magic charm We brought you back to life, Buffy Right where we left her Oh god. In her coffin She had to... dig out of her own grave Buffy Buffy, it's Xander We're sorry. We didn't know Buffy You aren't reaching her, she's too traumatized Hey, Buffy. Here's some good news that might perk you right up. Xander and I have an announcement. Anya! What? Just trying to help Buffy.... it's gonna be all right We brought you back You're home now Yeah, that's it. You're home Yeah, welcome home, Slayer Alive and kicking after all! Well, alive, anyway Not looking too good, though, is she? I don't see you winning too many beauty contests unless the Miss "My Face Fell Off" pageant gets going. Big axe you got there. The better to cut you down to size, grandma. Incindere. Ah. So you got a witch in the mix. More than one I happen to be a very powerful man-witch myself Or... male... Is it a warlock? Warlock Plus, we have a Slayer here who might actually be looking to eat some brains I think a little quiet moseying, no hard feelings and I'm sure your demon horde won't think any the less of you Now, my boys, see, that's tricky. They came looking for a massacre... ... and I think you got exactly enough magic between you for a kiddie birthday party Then you'd be wrong Well, I better back off, or you might, what? Pull a rabbit out of a hat? Don't, don't do that! Why would she do that? We don't want trouble... you don't want trouble Of course we want trouble, we're demons. We're really all about trouble Not this kind I get your point Now let me tell you something, children We're not gonna fight you. We're just gonna hold you down and enjoy ourselves for a few hours You might even live through it. Except that certain of my boys got some... ... anatomical incompatibilities that tend to tear up little girls So, who wants to go first? I was really hoping it'd be you Does this mean we win? There. What's that? It's just a machine, Dawn I know Dawn You're my sister Dawn Where did I go? What? Where did I go? I was here Here But then I ran away I ... I don't... No. Not me. The other Buffy Yes. The other Buffy Buffy? I don't... I don't... know where she ran off to. Maybe... Look what those filthy buggers done to you Willow's slap-and-paste job's not gonna do the trick this time. Robot's done Hey. Little bit? Dawn! Dawn! Well, they wanted a massacre She's Buffy She's herself again You're back, Buffy, you really are Whoa. Whoa Buffy! Where's she going? Should we follow her? I don't know She just... needs some time is all The important thing is that she's back. She'll be fine Xander, look out! Now what kind of Slayer is it runs out on her buddies just when they need her the most? Obfuscate Fragilis So, witch, got a little power after all Well, let's see what tricks you can manage while I choke the life outta... Nobody messes with my girl Tara, nice axing My first Buffy Buffy, No Dawnie, I have to Buffy? Buffy... Buffy... how.... Is it you? I mean really? What are you do.. No! Don't! Don't jump, Buffy, don't move! Just walk to me. Please! Please? I'm your sister. Dawn. We were up here... together, And then... you went away. And you don't wanna do that again I don't know how you're back, but you are and please, just stay still Or... or move. But... but towards me Because the tower was built by crazy people and I don't think it's holding up very well Talk to me. Say something! Is... this hell? What? Is this hell? No! Buffy, no! You're here... with me Whatever happened to you, whatever you've been through, it's... it's over now. You're... We have to get off this tower! It was so... clear... on this spot I remember... how... shiny... and clear everything was But... now... now... Buffy... please... listen to me You told me I had to be strong... And I've tried. But it's been so hard without you I'm sorry I promise I'll do better, I will! If you're with me Stay with me... please I need you to live Live! For... Buffy! Dawn Buffy! Dawn! Buffy?