That was the longest three hours of my entire freaking life. You're the one who said no to the muzzle. l wanted to shut his pothole two hours ago. lt's ''pie-hole.'' And by the way, we went to the Arby's drive-thru. No such thing as a ride-thru. How long have you lived here anyway? - Man, get off me. - l'll pay you to take him upstairs. - Just name your price. - My rock beat your scissors. Besides, l've got 5 million in heroin. - That's nothing. - Really? l have a feeling your South African suppliers won't feel the same way. Considering how much you owe them, be thankful you're in our custody. We're your new best friends. l don't care what you do to me. l'm not talking. l find that really hard to believe. All yours, Agent David. - Come on, man. Take off the cuffs. - Yeah. Yeah, what's his problem, huh? You. You're insulting, you're crude and most of all you are extremely annoying. l'm annoying? He's the one rambling on and on about <i>Top Gun,</i> giving me a freaking migraine. l didn't realise l had to sit in silence the entire trip. Last l checked, the First Amendment guaranteed-- Enough! - Get in. - No. - He's a newbie. - Thank you. He's dead. l've been travelling to crime scenes for many years, but l can say with complete confidence, this is the shortest commute l have ever had. And one of the first times l didn't get us lost. True. All yours, Duck. Sure appreciate all the help, Tony. That's a nice outfit, probie. Okay, the handbook says that we are required to wear this outfit at all active crime scenes. You know that. Yeah, but not in our own building. That's like wearing a nametag in your own apartment. Tony? Come here. How's she holding up? Oh, l-- l don't know. l haven't talked to her yet. May l ask why? Because l told him not to, Ducky. Excuse me. Right now, she's a suspect, not an investigator. Boss, you don't think Ziva's capable of this, do you? Well, l mean she's capable of it, but you don't really think that she would just-- Kill someone? Not without a good reason. Look, we all know that Ziva has crazy ninja skills, but, l mean, she's got some self-control, right? Not a lot, some? Never mind. Forgive me for overstepping, Jethro, but you and l both know that this is far beyond Officer David's character. lt's not me or you l'm worried about right now, Duck. We have a cause of death? Well, at this point l'd only be speculating. We won't know anything specific until l get him back-- Well, downstairs, l suppose. No bruising? Yeah, well, the only injury l've been able to find is this on the top of his head here. Sorry. l'll zig. You zag. Here, allow me. lt looks recent. Yeah, well, based on its location, it appears that he struck his head on one of these rails when he fell. Oh, come on, Jethro, l mean, there's no sign of any physical altercation. Duck, with her training, there wouldn't be. Hey. - Ready to hear my side of the story? - Well, we're not gonna hear his. l didn't touch him. Hardly at all. When the elevator doors opened, he refused to get in. lf this was a year ago, l would have snapped his neck, but it's not and l didn't. l asked him several times to step into the elevator. He wouldn't cooperate. - And that's when l struck him. - How? - With my fist. - Where? ln the jugular. Can you believe l'm about to go to my first crime scene? lt's not a good time. lt was just a little love tap. Choked him up for a couple of seconds, that's all. Look, l know this looks bad. l also know with Brian Dempsey dead, it's nearly impossible to bring down his South African distributors, much less prosecute his brother. That's not our biggest problem here, Ziva. lt appears there's only one way to fix this. l've seen it in your American movies. This is where l resign. Next time you hand me your badge, you had better be prepared to lose it. After all these years, l'm finally losing my crime scene virginity. Wow, l don't think that's ever been said before. l think we've got enough crime scene pictures. Sorry, McGee. l just-- Maybe your hat is turning me into some sort of super agent. That's weird, because it never had that affect on McGee. Why do l feel like everyone's staring at me? Because they are. Did l do something wrong? Have you ever been to Disneyland, Abby? - Every summer. - Yeah. You know those camera-toting tourists with the tall white socks up to their knees, wearing fanny packs? Well, yeah. We spend half the time laughing at them... Oh, my God. l've turned into my Uncle Larry. This man doesn't look a day over 30, doctor. According to his arrest report, he would have been 25 next month. So assuming Ziva didn't kill him, that means he just dropped dead? lt would appear that way, wouldn't it? He's so young. Yes, my father used to say: ''We must live for today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow may never come.'' You know, that's really beautiful, doctor. Yes, unfortunately, he never practised what he preached. He was always a bit of a penny-pincher. A Papa Scrooge, if you like. That was one reason that he and my mother went their separate ways. Yeah, most people don't know this, but financial disputes are the second leading cause of divorce. - Really? What's number one? - Marriage. Actually, l'm pretty sure it's infidelity. See, the study l read said that-- Never mind. l understand your sense of urgency, Jethro, but my examination is still under way. Just tell me what you know, Duck. Well, so far l found no life-threatening abnormalities. What about his throat? We did, in our internal examination, find a slight irritation of the anterior jugular, perhaps caused by a physical blow. Was the blow fatal? lt didn't appear to be. Look, l won't know the cause of this man's death until l've completed my work. MRls, Abby's tox screen, and they're all forthcoming. l know what you want to hear, Jethro, but Officer David is not off the hook yet. Hey. Will you stop doing that? You're making me nervous. How long can it possibly take? Well, l don't know, Ziva. lt's an autopsy, not an oil change. You know, l don't think we're supposed to be talking about the case with her. lt's a simple conversation, you know? ''What do you have, Ducky?'' ''Well, Jethro, this reminds me of a time back at Scotland Yard when l--'' ''To the point, Ducky.'' ''Well, based on my preliminary findings, Ziva did not kill this man.'' What? What? So? Did you talk to Ducky? - Yeah. - And? And now l have to go talk to the director. Maybe she really did kill that guy. Hey, Gibbs, what did Ducky say? Gibbs. Hey, are you going to tell me anything, or not? There's nothing to tell yet, Ziva. Stan, it's Cynthia again. l'm really starting to get worried. Please call me as soon as you get this. - ls she in? - Still not back from lunch. And he's been waiting for a half an hour. He'll survive. lt's not like her, Agent Gibbs. She's never been late for a meeting. You try her driver? Stan's not answering his cell or pager. l've left him four messages. l really don't know what else to do. l've been calling her cell-- - Agent Gibbs. - <i>Director.</i> We've got a major problem here. Sorry to hear that, Jethro. l have quite a serious problem myself. l'm sure you're gonna wanna hear mine first. l'm not entirely sure that's true. You really should be listening to her problem, Jethro. You're holding my heroin and my little brother. lf l don't get both back in two hours, she dies. l'll call back with the details. She called in at 1 1 :45 when she arrived at the Whitmore Hotel. According to the senator's assistant, lunch was over at 1 2:50, ten minutes ahead of schedule. - She never checked in again. - l need to see her itinerary. l can't do that, Agent Gibbs. l'm not trying to be difficult, but the director's been very clear. Her schedule is confidential. Even to you. Are you done? Director Shepard has been kidnapped. l need to know where she was when it happened. Okay. Here's everything. Nine a.m., the GAO. 1 0:30 with the ATCC. And after lunch a meeting with the B.O.B. That's Congressman Bob Sommers. He's a friend. lt doesn't say where she's meeting him. l'm not sure. She has the car wait at the hotel, gets coffee nearby. - You think Bob's involved? - No. lt'll give me a search radius. Give me a copy of this, will you? - What else can l do? - Keep quiet. She's gonna be okay, right? lf you have a question, ask it. l'm afraid you'll put the Vulcan death grip on me. l'm considering it. Where did you learn to do that anyway? Years of training on a secluded desert island? Blind Master Po always one step ahead of you. ''When you take the pebble from my hand, then it will be time--'' Do that again. Show me-- - DiNozzo. - Yeah, boss. l was just-- Shut up. Get over here. James Dempsey has taken Director Shepard hostage. He wants his drugs and his brother back or she dies. We have two hours. Last contact was at the Whitmore Hotel. - Driver's not responding. DiNozzo. - On it. Dempsey used the director's phone. l'll start a trace. What about me? This is the director's schedule. Start making calls. Desk work? - Put me in the field. - No, not happening. - You need me out there. - Not happening. l need you at your desk making calls. Go. Hey. Clock's ticking, people. Jenny can take care of herself, Gibbs. - She was a good agent. - Still is. l've been investigating James Dempsey for nine months, Gibbs. Seems like a frat boy on the surface, but the guy's brutal. We've linked him to half a dozen unsolved homicides. Still, kidnapping the director of NClS takes guts l didn't know he had. He's gonna kill her, Cassie. Nothing to be impressed by. l'm not impressed. l'm worried. Any intel from those squids you busted? They're just mules moving product for the South Africans. Didn't even know who they were working for. - Get down here. - <i>Be there in a couple of hours.</i> Hold on. Base commander has got a chopper waiting. The only thing James Dempsey loves more than money is his baby brother. As long as you've got Brian in custody, James should be easy to manipulate. Brian Dempsey's dead. You still think he'll be easy to manipulate, Cassie? l'm on my way. - This is totally disturbing. - Yes, it is. l mean, who would treat their feet like that? - Feet? - Yeah, look at these soles. You know what that does to somebody's arches? Heel spurs, torn ligaments, not to mention the effect on spinal alignment. Abby, he was a drug dealer. McGee, there is no excuse for poor foot care. You wear platforms, and l'm trying to work here. Are you still tracking the director's cell phone? Well, l tracked it to half a dozen different cell towers. He called from a car. - Driving down the 395. - Were there any other calls? Phone was turned off. Probably tossed it. l pinpointed the GPS to its last location. Great. Not great? lt's a major interchange. He could have taken any of the four highways. - So much for plan A. - Better have a plan B. Gibbs. Are you okay? l was worried about you because of the director and all. l know you guys are really close. Plan B. l'm running samples on Brian Dempsey's clothing and personal effects to Sherlock, where he's been hanging out. - And? - lt's going to take some time. Which we don't have, so l'll hurry up now. l'm working a different angle. Collecting Brian Dempsey's credit cards and phone records. By creating a simple algorithm using his personal data, l constructed a computer model of his buying patterns juxtaposed with his calling patterns. l don't care. Get it done. - Get out. - Easy there, Rudd. She's not one of your dates. She wouldn't even be here if your idiot brother didn't get caught. l apologise for Alex. He takes some getting used to. Once you get to know him, you'll really learn to hate him. On your knees. Please. You're wasting your time. l'm just trying to make you more comfortable. l meant taking me hostage. They're never going to negotiate. Well, don't sell yourself so short. - They're not allowed to. - l don't know. Agent Gibbs seems fond of you. Maybe he'll make an exception. Gibbs thinks of me like a wife. See? He's had three. We busted your brother with 5 million in pure heroin. You think the Navy's just going to give him back? Stand up. Now. On the chair. Lean back. l'm sorry about this. My brother's always had a way of getting us in trouble. l'm the one who bails us out. You didn't break someone's window with a baseball. You kidnapped the head of a federal agency. Yeah. You got a point. But look on the bright side. This will be over soon. - One way or the other. - Stanley. Excuse me? - My driver. - He's fine. Might be a little uncomfortable. We stuck him in the trunk of your car. See? l'm not a bad guy. l just want the drugs you stole from me and my brother back. Yes, l know it's confidential information but please don't put me on hold. - You all right? - l'm doing desk work. Could be worse. What part of ''desk work'' don't you understand? - <i>Agent David, are you there?</i> - Yes, hello. Hello, yes. Yes, all l want is-- No, no. Don't. l know what you're going through. Really? Are you making pointless phone calls and following up dead leads? That's not what l mean. When l shot that cop, l felt like everyone doubted me. But after a while... Are you trying to make me feel better? ls it not working? lt's not necessary, McGee. Our only concern should be the director. You're right. Put me on hold again and l'll jump through this phone - and l will strangle you. - <i>Hold, please.</i> Hey, McGee. Nobody ever doubted you. Just like those calls you're making aren't pointless. We're looking for a black Town Car. You're going to have to be more specific. lt's got federal plates. You just described half our clientele. Look, the car belongs to the director of NClS. She comes with a driver. She's here twice a week. - Director Shepard. - Yeah. Why didn't you say so? - l was trying to be discreet. - ls she all right? She's just peachy. She just left her keys in her car. Here we are. Looks like the door is open. Hold on. ls this a crime scene, Agent DiNozzo? lt is now. The director's driver was taken by surprise, then shot in the back of the head. Dempsey then kidnapped the director and is demanding the return of his drugs, his brother or she dies. Let's hope we find him before that happens, Officer David. Here's everything l've got on the Dempseys. Nine months of surveillance, wiretaps, buy-busts. Where do l sit? Any of this gonna help me find the director? Probably not. Wish l could tell you l had someone inside his organization. You never flipped an informant? l was hoping to flip his brother, obviously that's never gonna happen. Officer David. Got it, Tony. Tony's uploading the Whitmore Hotel security footage right now. He's got Dempsey leaving the garage. He's had less than a day to target the director. He'll have been sloppy. Left a trail. James Dempsey's in the passenger seat. The director must be in the back. - Who's driving? - Alex Rudd. Point man for the cartels running drugs through South Africa. Guy's a serious psychopath, Gibbs. l didn't know he was in the country. But l know 50 places he likes to hang out. - l'll start knocking down doors. - No, l need you here. - Get somebody else to do it. - l'll start-- No, you're not going anywhere. You sit down. Run a BOLO on that car. We'll get her back, Gibbs. You think she's already dead. l think today's a real bad day to be the director of NClS, Officer David. That's a nice plane out there. G-Three, right? l wouldn't know. Range, 41 00 nautical miles, unless you risk refuelling. But you don't look like the European type to me. l'm thinking more Mexico or the Caribbean. Yeah, Mexico would be great. My baby brother's always wanted to see Cabo. Maybe you can take him there... ...in 30 to 40 years. Where's your pilot, Dempsey? l told you. He's on his way. What the hell? You've got her in full view of the window, mate. - l tried to tell him. - No one's gonna see her. That's a dangerous assumption. Who knows how many people saw you stuff me in your car? You've kidnapped the head of a federal agency. They take that very seriously. Look, l know you're tight with your brother, mate, but you are not thinking. - She's just messing with you. - Well, she's doing a good job of it. How exactly do you see this thing working out? We should have just shot her like her damn driver. l gave NClS two hours. They've only got 58 minutes left. Just relax. We're gone as soon as your fly-boy shows up. We're not leaving without my brother. lt's your brother who screwed up. Now l've got to explain to my bosses how you lost our product and you don't have the money to pay for it. - l'm getting it back. - Yeah? Good luck with that because l'm not sticking around to find out. Looks like you have a difficult decision, James. lt's either him or your brother. l trust you remembered my tea this time, Mr. Palmer. lt's only me, Ducky. And l'm empty-handed. Well, the coffee stand is unable to master the art of brewing a decent cup of Earl Grey. Those are from Brian Dempsey? Yeah. l cannot discuss it with you, my dear. l don't mean to be rude. No, l understand, Ducky. And you probably shouldn't be down here. l shouldn't be here. l shouldn't be in the field. Can you please, please tell me where l should be? Well, l can understand your feelings of alienation. Everyone's avoiding me. Do they think l'm going to lose control, just enter the building and massacre everyone? l mean, l'm being treated like a leopard. l believe the phrase is ''like a leper.'' Look, Ziva, you mustn't start blaming yourself. l don't. l know where l hit Brian Dempsey. l know how severely l hit him. And, Ducky, l know. l know l didn't kill him. Then why are you here? Because l need for you to tell Gibbs that. Tell me what, Ziva? That the BOLO came back on the car the director was kidnapped in. lt was abandoned three miles from the hotel. lt's en route to NClS. lt should be here-- Back to your desk. l am of no use chained to a computer, Gibbs. l should be out looking for her. l-- lt wasn't a suggestion, Officer David. - l-- - l don't care. Don't you think you're being hard on her? Not the time to hold hands, Ducky. Even though you feel she's blameless? You have anything to back that up? l found blood on Mr. Dempsey's brain tissue. He may have died of an intracranial haemorrhage. May have? Yes, well, l sent the tissue up for a full neural report. lf that turns out to be the case, the haemorrhaging could be the result of a pre-existing condition. Or a well-placed strike to the jugular. Yeah. At this point, Jethro, the truth is anybody's guess. l thought you didn't believe in voodoo. This isn't voodoo, McGee. lt's tarot. The ancient art of divination. So you're using tarot cards to find the director? Of course not. lt just helps me think. We have less than an hour, so l mean, you could be working. l am identifying the mystery goo from Brian Dempsey's sneaker. And don't forget the old saying: ''A watched G.C. mass spec--'' Never boils. Well, l was going to say never compares well to the concentration of atomic mass, but where's my CAF-POW? We're in a time crunch here. - You have to do this one caffeine free. - Bite your tongue. Rule number nine, always keep a spare. l thought Gibbs said nine was always carry a knife. Not Gibbs' rules. Mine. l got the physical evidence from the director's car. Cigarette butts, empty coffee cup and a half-sucked breath mint. Nothing that gets us closer to James Dempsey's location. Ah, tarot. The ancient art of divination. Guys, l've got something. l've got something here. l've plotted on the map the locations where Brian Dempsey made credit-card purchases in the last six months. That's gas, ATM withdrawals, motel rooms, everything. Then l cross-referenced the cell towers that his phone interfaced with. l can literally map out his life. Strip clubs, escort services, off-track betting. The guy had so much to live for. According to my programme, Brian Dempsey spent the majority of his time in this 50-square-mile area. And this helps us find the director how? lt helps us narrow down the search radius. Do you have any idea how long it takes to search 50 square miles, McGee? Too long. His name was Stanley. The man you murdered in the parking garage, James. l didn't kill your driver. l tried to stop it. Good. Then you still have a chance of getting out of it. lt's more than l can say for your boss out there. He's not my boss. He's a business partner. Well, l'd keep an eye on your business partner if l were you. Yeah? Why's that? Because it sounds like he's about to take off without you. - What are you doing?. - The pilot's here. We're leaving. l'm about to make the call. You really think the feds are going to negotiate with you, mate? Yeah, l do. Than you're even dumber than your kid brother. They'll bring him and our drugs if they wanna see their director alive again. That's what's holding you back, huh? Easy to fix. l just shot him to get my brother back. What do you think l'll do to you? Tick-tock, McGee. James Dempsey should be calling any second. Tactical's pre-positioned in the search grid. Okay, trace programme's almost ready. Just need another computer for backup. Oh, Ziva. You're not using this, are you? Thanks. l'm being wasted here. You'll need me when James Dempsey finds out his brother's dead. We don't need the brother. Once we have a location, we take him out. All the more reason why l should be-- Okay, we're connected. Trace starts when you pick up, boss. - Yeah, Gibbs. - <i>Listen carefully.</i> - One car, one agent in the back. - Put Director Shepard on. You're wasting time, Agent Gibbs. Time you don't have. Put her on or the deal's off. He wants to know if you're still alive. Play nice and you'll stay that way. - l'm fine, Jethro. Wish l had my coat. - Enough. One car. One agent in the back. Drugs in the trunk. Brian drives. See you in 45 minutes. Where are we driving? Leave that to my brother. He knows where. Don't be late. Boss, Dempsey made the call over a VOlP system. That's voice-over lnternet protocol. lt's a wireless signal converted to analogue. How long to trace it, McGee? Three hours, maybe two if l'm lucky. - He said 45 minutes, probie. - Find another way. How, Gibbs? The only person who knows where they are is dead. Did Brian Dempsey say anything to you before you killed him? l mean, before he collapsed and died while in your custody? l told you once, l did not kill that man, so stop making accusations that-- Hey. She said she wanted her coat. ls she trying to tell us something? Maybe she's cold. - Someplace cold. - She left something in her coat? She left it on the plane. - She's at an airport. - How do you know she's at an air--? Of course. She's at an airport. Pulling up every airport in a 45-minute drive from here. Gibbs. There's gotta be at least a dozen. We'll never have time to sweep them all. Maybe we won't have to. DiNozzo, McGee, with me. On your six, boss. l got the results back from Brian Dempsey's shoe goo. lt's a smorgasbord of Juicy Fruit, chewing tobacco, dog poo-- What's the point, Abby? There are also trace elements of diolane and hexylene glycol. lt's fire suppression foam. So l'm thinking a manufacturing plant or a firehouse-- - Abby, they're at an airport. - Or an airport. Because they use it on the runway for emergency landings. You remember a few weeks ago, there was a commuter plane with faulty landing gear? Yeah, we watched it on ZNN waiting to see if it was gonna crash and burn. - lt was diverted to a small airfield. - Which one, McGee? lt's Potomac Air-- The Potomac Airfield. Got the airport layout, Gibbs. l recommend we seal it off, go through with tactical assault. lt's an airfield. Do you expect to sneak up on him? We don't exactly have a choice. lf his brother-- Wasn't dead? l think we've established that. David's right. We go in small. Cassie, McGee, find out what building they're holding the director in. - How? - l don't care, McGee. Trace the call. Find out what planes are scheduled to take off. Just find it. On it. Hey. Hey. Come on. One problem, boss. He's expecting his brother to drive. Well, then we give him what he wants. We give him his brother. - Well l guess l should thank you. - For what? Him. Friends are important, but in the end, family's all we really have. Alex never understood that. You did me a favour. Well, let me do you another one. You're a smart guy, James. You know this isn't gonna end well. They are going to kill you. Maybe even your brother. Are you willing to risk Brian's life? Well, that all depends. ls NClS willing to risk yours? You try something like that with me again, l will send you back in little pieces. This is the second stupidest thing l've ever done. Want to know what the first was? No. Less talking. Right. We should just tape the dead guy's hands to the steering wheel. On it, boss. Here we go. lt's showtime, Bernie. lt's 3 and 1 1 . 2 and 1 0. And that explains a lot. Okay, all right. l need you to hold his head up here, all right? - McGee? - <i>Yeah, boss.</i> We're at the airport. Got my location yet? l'm still working on the trace, boss. We've localised the DNS servers. Having a little bit of trouble matching the computer's profile to the subnet's. Cassie. What about you? l need every scheduled flight-- No, today's flight plans. Boss, she's still working on the flight plans. Work faster. They never had this much trouble with Bernie. Who the hell is Bernie? Weekend at Bernie's. A cinematic masterpiece. lt's, you know, blend of the comedic and the-- Thumbs down from the boss man. We're out of time. Gibbs, the only non-commercial aircraft cleared to leave Potomac is from-- - Hangar number three. - We're sending out the coordinates. Are you sure this isn't the stupidest thing you've ever done, DiNozzo? We're ready to go. Time's up. You were right. Looks like your people don't care about you after all. l told you. NClS does not negotiate with criminals, James. Well, you better hope they're willing to make an exception for you. Are you trying to make me sick or something, Tony? You know what, l can't see out the windshield. l'm driving with my hands and l still think l'm driving better than you. To the left. The other left. lt's hard to concentrate when your head is three inches from a guy's-- - Watch out! - Which way? You're driving straight into an airplane hangar. Could you be a little more specific? Which way? Make a left. Now go straight. Tony, straight. Looks like your people came through for you after all. So you're home free. l'm not stupid. l know they'll have people following. But in five minutes, l'll be 25,000 feet over the Atlantic. Get up. - You see him? - Not yet. Just remember, Gibbs doesn't want you taking a shot until the director's clear. You, out of the car. Hands on your head. Cuff yourself. Hands behind your back. l said, cuff yourself. Now lie down. Very clever. Brian, get the drugs and take them on the plane. They're right behind you. Get the damn drugs, Brian. Brian. They killed him. You killed my baby brother. lt's actually a pretty interesting story. l'm fine, Jethro. Really. lt's a probie mistake. l should have known better. Never should have let my guard down. How many times have we said that? Stanley was a hell of an agent. He didn't deserve this. And l know what you're gonna say. l'm the director now, it comes with the territory. But l hope to God l never get used to it. Are you ever gonna say anything? Have a drink. l have the results of Brian Dempsey's neuropath report. The haemorrhaging was caused by a congenital defect in the subarachnoid artery. He died of a brain aneurism? Present since birth. The young man was a walking time bomb. Every time bomb has a trigger, Duck. Well, anything could have precipitated his death. A cough, a sneeze.