this little munchkin before? She usually stays with the sitter while we go shopping. She's such a cutie. Well, we're running a little late today, so if you'll excuse us. Oh, here, let me help you, dear. - Oh, thank you. - Sure. l doubt they'll hear us. They've been playing that Chinese stuff all morning. Actually, it's Korean. Oh, right, sorry. You know, Sun usually leaves the back door open. Come on. My aunt burned down her house like this. She really should be more careful. Oh, now that's better. l'm not usually one to complain. l don't understand, McGee. Sensitivity training? A seminar on the basics of communication - and understanding in the workplace. - l know what sensitivity is. l'm asking why we have to spend the whole afternoon studying it. Professional development? lf it were survival training, advanced demolitions, perhaps-- l don't think that Sympathetic Seminars, lnc. offers those classes Skilled investigators should already be well-versed in the subtleties - of inter-human communication. - l like ltalian women. You're ltalian, right? l like lrish women, too. - l stand corrected. - You two better hurry up. - You don't wanna miss out on the fun. - Where are you going? Prior engagement. Take notes for me. You do understand the meaning of the word ''mandatory,'' don't you? l have been ordered to inspect the secure-file room, probie. Sadly, that conflicts with your exciting seminar today. No, it doesn't. This order is for next Wednesday. - What? - Look on the bright side, Tony. lt should only take about five to seven hours. There's gotta be some way out of this. Maybe l could injure myself. - What? l was only trying to help. - l was only kidding. Sensitivity training is gonna have to wait. We got a double homicide at Quantico. Marine wives. Grab your gear. Yes. - lnappropriate? - A bit. You're probably the reason we have to take these classes. - Today. - On your six, boss. You know, this kind of reminds me of my cousin's house, minus all the blood. Unless you count that Thanksgiving back in '98. Family does have a way of fraying one's nerves. Take my mother, for instance. She insists on watching <i>Jeopardy</i> every night on the television. What's wrong with that, Duck? The same episode, over and over again. l made the mistake of taping it for her once. l always say, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your family. There's a touch of the poet in you, Mr. Palmer. l'd say you're just more touched. DiNozzo. House belongs to a Sergeant Malcolm Porter and his wife, Sun, boss. She's the one on the left. Sergeant's still on liberty trying to track him down. The other vic is Min Crane. She's married to a Sergeant Floyd Crane, currently deployed in lraq. Sign of an unhappy marriage. Funny, l thought it looked like a hole in the wall. lt's about fist size. Husband probably hit the wall instead of hitting his wife. - What else do you see? - Judging by the position of the body - l'd say they were taken by surprise. - Yeah? Why? Body posture. They're too relaxed. They didn't fight back. That could also mean they knew the identity of their attacker. Search the rest of the house. Little girl's becoming quite the crime scene investigator, isn't she, boss? l'll go help McGee talk to the women who found them. - You got a TOD yet, Duck? - Very recent. Both liver probes indicate about two and a half hours ago. Triple tap, all in the heart. Yeah, but notice these burn marks around the entry wounds here and on this one. So both of those, the weapon was in direct contact with the body - when fired. - Two from across the room. Then one each up close, just to be sure. l don't believe the term ''overkill'' would be inappropriate, under these circumstances. - Bullets didn't penetrate. - Maybe they were small-calibre. Did you find any casings? The shooter policed his brass, Duck. Policed, sir? Yes, it's military terminology for cleaning up after one's self. We may be dealing with a professional. - Professional what? - Killer, Mr. Palmer. These poor women weren't so much murdered as executed. She just needs her bottle. l know l packed it. Look, look, look. Your mom's right there. She's right there. Did you ever hold a baby before, McGee? - No. - l didn't think so. Boss, this is Mrs. Dawson. She found the body along with the next-door neighbours. We were going into Koreatown, shopping. l'm the only one with a car. Sun asked me to come pick them up. lf we'd been on time-- You need some help? Any idea where Sun's husband is, Mrs. Dawson? No, he's never here when we come over. l don't think he likes Sun having friends. What makes you think that? He's very controlling. - Sergeant Porter abused her? - Sun wouldn't admit it. But we suspected. He drinks. Says mean things to her. Wouldn't let her speak Korean in the house. We tried to reason with her but-- - She wouldn't leave him? - She was ashamed. lt's hard for a Korean woman to ask for help. - Find Porter. - l'd start at the ''E'' Club. - James. - l'm Yoon's husband. Listen, if you don't find Porter there, you might wanna check some of the bars outside the front gate. l'm on it, boss. Everything's gonna be okay now, honey, okay? Gibbs. A word, please? l just talked to her a few hours ago. Gun safe. l found it in the master bedroom. Open and empty except for a handful of shells. .40 calibre. Thinking maybe the husband did this, yes? l guess the polite term, Agent DiNozzo, would be ''bastard.'' He was always borrowing my husband's tools and never returning them. l should've known this would happen. Stealing tools isn't really a prerequisite for murder, Mrs. Goodwin. All l'm saying is the two of them had one hell of a marriage. You wouldn't know it to look at her, but Sun's got a set of lungs. Or at least she did. - So they fought a lot? - Oh, hardly a night went by you didn't hear all sorts of screaming coming from this house. - You ever think to make a complaint? - l don't like to stick my nose in. Good thing, too. lt could have been me that got slaughtered. On our way, McGee. Sergeant Porter was spotted 30 minutes ago at the "E'' Club. - McGee's almost there. - Thanks. Probie's not gonna make a move on his own, is he, boss? McGee can take care of himself, DiNozzo. You're on the hump. - He's gone. - Nice job, probie. The bartender turned around, Sgt. Porter wasn't there anymore. - You let him get past you? - lt was before l got here, Tony. What's Sergeant Porter driving? - What kind of car does he drive? - A black 2004 Ford F-1 50, boss. Hey, come on. Boss, we got a weapon in the front seat. l think he's dead, boss. NClS. Don't move. Get your hands on the wheel. l wasn't gonna drive. Come on, it's not DUl if l don't have the key in the ignition, look. - What's he talking about? - l think he thinks we're busting him - for driving drunk. - Well, you're not? No. - lt's for double homicide. - McGee. Wait a minute. What are you talking about? l knew he was alive. Precision, Mr. Palmer. lt's what separates the professional from the dilettante. Thank you, doctor. Now, careful. Not too much pressure. But not too little either. All right, come on, come on, come on. Let's see. Yes, very good. Not bad. Not bad at all. Keep a steady hand. There's no room for error. You never know which element of the enigma, however minuscule, can lead you to the solution. Palmer just got some of your elements on his plastic thing. - Occupational hazard, l'm afraid. - What can you tell me, Duck? Both women were shot three times in the chest. lt's hard to say which of these six was the fatal wound. Suffice to say, neither woman died of old age. - Anything else? - Yes. Mrs. Porter has some swelling and fissures on her fingers and knuckles. - Defensive wounds. - Possibly. Yeah, but these didn't happen today. There are also bruises on her wrists. l'd say they were at least a week old. She was abused? Yeah. - Thanks, Duck. - You have the man in custody now? Yeah. There's no need to be gentle with him, Jethro. You missed a spot. We're looking at a Beretta Cougar 8040, Gibbs. lt was registered to Sergeant Porter in 2003 - and it's got his fingerprints all over it. - Bullets? Cross-point .40 calibre Smith and Wesson. Also called a "Short and Wimpy,'' although l do not know why. They lack the power of a 1 0-millimeter auto-load. You don't need that stopping power when you gun down housewives. - What about gunshot residue? - lnstant Shooter Kit came negative - on Porter's skin, shirt and pants. - Could've worn gloves-- Or he could've changed clothes. l'm way ahead of you. That's why l'm doing a full analysis on all of Porter's wardrobe. ''How long, Abby?'' Well, it's gonna take some time. And since this stuff doesn't smell very good l don't think laundry was a priority. ''Abs.'' Two hours. Whenever l know something, you'll know something. ''You got one. Anything else?'' Yes, as a matter of fact. This is for you. - Why? - For getting me out of sensitivity training. We were about to do trust falls and those guys in administration have wandering hands. ''Just give me their names, Abs, and l'll break them for you.'' l know you will, Gibbs. And that is why l love you. Boss, l'm sorry. l didn't see you. What did l say about apologising, McGee? Sign of weakness. So is barfing on your tie. This isn't mine. We've got Sergeant Porter in interrogation. l actually managed to dodge most of it. Good news is that he is sober enough to talk now. l got some on you, here, let me get this. - Don't. - Sorry. l mean, it won't happen again. - Who's watching him? - Tony and Ziva. l was actually just gonna go change my shirt. No, you won't. You're gonna follow up on other leads. We found Sergeant Porter with the murder weapon. What other leads? A good investigator doesn't sit back and wait. You run down every angle, every lead. Assume everything you've been told is a lie until it checks out. Got it. There's only one time l want you to stop, McGee. - When you tell me. - When you're satisfied. When you're satisfied. Okay. - Hey! - Yeah? Get me another cup of coffee. This is gonna be good. Gibbs will rip this guy apart. l don't know if that's the right tactic in this case, Tony. What, are you an expert on suspect interviews, now? lnterviews, no. lnterrogation techniques, yes. Like hooking a car battery up to a guy's privates? l'm sure it's effective, but judges tend to frown on it. l've learned from Gibbs that in certain cases you can attract far more bees with honey. Flies. - What do flies have to do with honey? - Flies don't like vinegar. Vinegar? lt's complicated. Here he comes. Here you go. There. You look like you could use it. My wife's really dead, sir? How? Drink your coffee, sergeant. When you're ready we'll work our way up to it. What's he doing? Where's his strong-arming? The intimidation? The psychological bullying? The Gibbs? Bad marriage, huh? lt's okay. l've had a few myself. lt wasn't perfect, but l loved her, sir. Problem was... l don't think-- l don't think she ever loved me. l'll bet she loved that paycheque, though, right? Yeah. l should have known it. Just look at me. She was way out of my league, you know? She just married me to get to the States. lt happens. Thing is... l guess l always thought she might change her mind, you know? Then she started sneaking out to the "O'' Club, hanging out with officers. l've seen it before. She thought she could trade up. She didn't want me. No matter what l did. lt just got to the point-- l just wanted her to disappear. Yeah, when you get pushed, you want to push back. That why you decide to blow her away? Excuse me, sir? ls that the reason you shot Min Crane and your wife to death today? Okay, here we go. He hasn't confessed yet. - He will. - Maybe. - How much do you wanna bet? - How about nothing? - Twenty bucks? - Deal. l'm telling you l didn't kill them, sir. The murder weapon was in your truck, sergeant. Someone must have put it there. Your fingerprints are all over it. l didn't shoot my wife, sir. Did you use your fists on her, sergeant? Knock her around a little bit, or maybe or maybe that just wasn't cutting it anymore. l never laid a hand on Sun. Your neighbour heard the fights, sergeant. l saw the hole you punched. l only punched the hole in the wall so l wouldn't hit her, sir. Her hands were all bruised and cut from where she fought you off all the time. - That's not how it happened. - Really? How did l get it wrong? How'd it happen? She was the-- She the one who was abusing me. You don't believe me? Take a look at this. Sit down. Sun was violent, sir. She hit me. She called me names. She threw things. l tried to hold her off but l never-- l never once laid a hand on her. l just wanted it to stop. - Pay up. - He didn't confess. - lt was damn close. - Close doesn't cut it, DiNozzo. Well, we got enough evidence even if you didn't break him in interrogation, boss. Not to say that you couldn't have broken him if you wanted to. l really like that shirt. Tony's right. we have Sgt. Porter's gun with his fingerprints in his car. He blows away his wife and her friend in a rage. Gets drunk. Passes out - before he can commit suicide. - Why did he police his brass? - Habit of a well-trained Marine. - He worked the motor pool. According to his records, he failed to qualify twice on the pistol range last year. Abby get the results of the GSR tests on his clothing yet? - All negative, boss. - He could have worn gloves - or got rid of the clothes he's wearing. - But he leaves his pistol in full view on the front seat. Boss, l think l've got something here. l just spoke with the director of the Officers' Club. Apparently Sun Porter was a regular fixture there. Almost always with Min Crane. A month ago, they were all banned. - For what, McGee? - One of their husbands showed up, made a scene, had to be carried out. Another nail in Sergeant Porter's coffin. lt wasn't Sergeant Porter, Tony. Sergeant James Dawson. Yoon's husband. Heard you guys got Sergeant Porter at the "E'' Club with the murder weapon. l knew they were having troubles, but never expected this. Where's your wife, Sergeant Dawson? She's taking a nap with our daughter. Why? ls something wrong, sir? What happened at the Officer's Club last month? Let me refresh your memory. You had an altercation with two Marine captains. Yeah, it was nothing. lt was just a misunderstanding. Big enough for a Letter of Reprimand in your SRB. Maybe we should ask your wife about it, sergeant? - She had a rough day. l'd rather not-- - Down the hall? Yeah, but l'd rather not disturb her. - We'll see if she's still breathing. - You think l killed Sun and Min because they had a couple of drinks with my wife at the "O'' Club? Mrs. Dawson, NClS. We're gonna ask you a few questions. Yoon. lt's me. Please. Yoon, open up. - Do you have a key? - lt's locked from the inside. Yoon. Yoon. lt's okay. lt's okay. lt doesn't make sense, sir. Someone kills my wife's two best friends, then they decide to kidnap her? When's the last time you saw her, sergeant? About an hour before you showed up. She was putting the baby to sleep in our room. - You didn't hear anything? - No. Can we stop standing around and do something? We are. We are. Sit down. And what exactly is that, sir? Figuring out if you're a suspect or a victim. The window was broken from the outside. Whoever did this slipped in, grabbed her and slipped out. None of the neighbours heard or saw anything unusual, boss. MP's are searching the area. Also checking every vehicle leaving the base. - You think she still might be on base? - lt's possible. We need to be out there looking for her. lf she's still on base we'll find her. Someone put a lot of effort into taking her away without alerting you. There's a good chance she's not dead yet. Yet? Oh, God, why would someone do this? For the same reason someone killed her friends. You think l had something to do with this? Sit down. What happened at the Officer's Club, sergeant? lt was nothing, okay? Sun and Min go there all the time. Yoon just drops them off. This one time she went in and had a couple of drinks. She couldn't drive home so she called me. - Gibbs. - <i>Boss</i>-- When did you get into a verbal altercation with the Marine captains? They were drunk, okay? They were hitting on my wife. They tried to stop me from taking her home. What would you do, sir? You think one of these captains might have had something to do with this? We're wasting our time. l'm telling you, l had nothing to do with this. l know that. Your alibi just checked out. The sergeant was on duty at the time of the shootings. So what now, sir? Three Korean women met and married Marines in Seoul at roughly the same time. Two of them are dead. Our prime suspect was locked up here when the third went missing. Think it's a racial thing? No. Definitely do not think that it's a hate crime. ln my experience there's only one colour in the Marines. What l've seen of your Marine Corps, it's very ethnically diverse. He means green, Ziva. And l think he's right. Well, maybe it's a Korean thing. Maybe something in their past. Like some kind of blood feud. Competing villages, ancient oaths, revenge from across the ocean. This is not one of your stupid action movies, Tony. No, it isn't. lf it was, you'd be dressed differently. And you'd be far better looking. You'd be dead by the opening credits. Did you ever stop to think that maybe l am the plucky comic relief? You find out what the hell happened to Yoon Dawson yet? Plucky? - Well, Ziva and Tony and l-- - Were just working on that, boss. We're going through a list of anyone who had access to the base in the last two days. So far, no solid leads. What about the Marines Sergeant Dawson fought with? Both transferred out of Quantico last month. One at Camp Pendleton, the other is in Okinawa. The two dead women lived insular lives. They spent most of their time together with other Koreans. Yoon Dawson seems to be the only one who embraced American life. Any reason to believe that Sergeant Porter isn't still involved in this? He could have had an accomplice, probie. He could have had three, DiNozzo. We need more information. Actually, boss, Abby and l, we have been working on something. We got the women's phone records, credit card receipts, address books. Abby is referencing to see if there's a pattern. DiNozzo, l want to know about anybody in the area who's made threats against Koreans, foreign Marine wives, or women. Oh, is that all? - On it, boss. - Find out about their lives before they married Marines. Come on, you're with me, Elf Lord. lt's amazing how much you can find out about someone without actually meeting them. For instance, me and these women have absolutely nothing in common. They web-browse for cake recipes, gardening tips and Min Crane has some weird obsession with stained glass. That's not even mentioning their music downloads. One word: Yanni. Good point. Who cares? Their schedules were pretty regulated. On Wednesdays and Fridays they trekked to Koreatown. They'd shop for a couple of hours, then they'd have tea at Lee's Neighbourhood Market. They alternated paying. lt was Sun Porter's turn, by the way. Not exactly groundbreaking police work there. - She's not done yet, McGee. - Thank you, Gibbs. Within the last month, all three of them received regular phone calls from a pay phone located just outside Lee's Neighbourhood Market. lt is owned and operated by Lee Sung. He sells Korean delicacies, fruits and vegetables and those cute little anime figurines with the funny faces. Oh, l love those. He also has a catering business, Lee's Delights. lt's authentic Korean food. Very high end. All three women have worked for him as hostesses and they were scheduled to work an event for him tomorrow afternoon. - How do you know? - Because. Lee's Sung e-mailed them the instructions. lt's a Korean diplomatic event at the Pacific Rim Society. Tell me l didn't just smack McGee for no good reason. You didn't smack McGee for no good reason. Last night, Yoon Dawson used her cell phone to call the pay phone outside Lee's Market. Two hours later...she's missing. Why is this important? Because someone is still using her cell phone to call that pay phone. - Can we get a fix on the phone? - Negatory, McGee. l know it's somewhere in Annandale, Virginia, but they turn it off before l can get an exact location. The last phone call was an hour ago. McGee, l want a tap on that damn pay phone. Abby, l wanna know who answers it. That's good work, Abs. What was that for? For mocking my groundbreaking police work. l was not mocking you-- Won't happen again. Damn, l can't believe this. l don't really like waiting here either, Tony. No, Nick and Jessica broke up. l'm always the last to know. Hey, DiNozzo. - Shut up. - Shutting up, boss. Hey, probie, you getting this? Yeah, got it, Tony. lt's Yoon Dawson's cell phone again. l want a location, McGee. Whoever it is, they disabled the onboard GPS chip. We'll have to do this the old-fashioned way. Just take a moment to get a bead on the cell phone grid it's interfacing with. We got someone headed to the phone, boss. - You want us to take him down now? - <i>Negative.</i> Wait until we trace the call. Okay, l've got the cell phone grid located. lt's coming from this neighbourhood. Somewhere on this street. You copy that, DiNozzo? Well, we're scanning for targets now. There are a lot of possibles. lf you don't respond, l'm gonna hang up. Don't, l have information for you. Wool cap, head down, heading towards the pay phone. Got him. Drop your weapon. Federal agents, move! lt's Yoon Dawson, boss. She's rabitting. We're cutting her off, DiNozzo. l know she didn't pass us. Well, where the hell did she go? lt's like she disappeared. She didn't disappear. lt's her hat. She climbed her way out. lf l am here, l answer the pay phone, Agent McGee. Many people in this community are poor. Can't afford phone service, so l take messages for them. You see, it helps them and it is good for my business when they come to pick up. Boss, did you find her? Yeah, McGee. She's hiding in my coffee cup. We didn't find her. Just give us one second, please. Has he calmed down yet? Well, he's a little shaky but l think he's ready to talk. Min and Sun. They are dead? lt's my fault. l take responsibility. l try to help people new to this country. Find jobs for them, get them training, classes. Sometimes even loan money. You hired all three of them to work for your catering company? l did. l would notice when Yoon was tired, her accent would change. Sometimes she would use words not common in my country since the war. Yoon-Sook Dawson wasn't South Korean. l began to believe that she was from the North. Perhaps a spy? Why didn't you go to the police? Well, l couldn't be sure. What if l was wrong? l asked Min and Sun to find out where she grew up, what schools she go to. Then l check her answers and try to locate relatives from Korea. - Nothing. - Who else knew - you were checking up on her? - Min Crane, Sun Porter and myself. She was trying to protect her cover? She failed. We're taking you into protective custody, Mr. Sung. No. l will not hide. - Mr. Sung, she could come back. - Let her. l am ready this time. l won't stop living my life because of people like her. - Sir, l really don't think that this-- - Mr. Sung. Thank you for your help. lf you think of anything else, give me a call. Yes, l will. And please thank your agents for me. Boss, you're not really gonna let him just-- McGee, you know the FBl does not exist only to piss me off. Sometimes they can actually be useful. Hey, Fornell. l got one right up your jurisdiction. Like my father always said, ''Be careful who you marry, Anthony. She may end up being a homicidal maniac.'' - Your father actually said that to you? - No, but l'm sure he thought it. Probably he knew your taste in women. Abby's got active taps on Sergeant Dawson's cell, home and work phones, boss. - lf she calls her husband, we'll know. - She won't. The FBl team shadowing Mr. Sung is tied directly into MTAC. They're last report had him loading up a catering truck for a job. No sign of Yoon Dawson yet. lt's highly doubtful she'd make another attempt on his life. We've got four agents providing surveillance on Dawson's house. She definitely won't be returning home. And how do you know this, Officer David? Because Yoon Dawson wouldn't. Now tell us what you'd do. lf l was Yoon, everything l've done up to this point was to protect my cover. l've dealt with the two possible threats on base and-- lf by ''dealt'' you mean gunning down two defenceless housewives... l attempted to deal with the third, but my cover was blown. l'm now only left with a few possibilities. You rush back to your country? Or carry out whatever mission l was assigned before l'm captured or killed. She's been in the States for three years. lf you had a mission, wouldn't you have carried it out? Not if l'm a sleeper, McGee. She could be here for decades before being activated. So tell us, Jane Bond, how do we track you down, huh? You don't, Tony. By now l've changed my appearance, l've replaced my identity with backup documents and l've relocated. Promise? Okay, so that about wraps it up. Who's up for lunch? You might think about this, l'm gonna pay. No one's eating until we find Yoon Dawson. lt's not that Tony couldn't stand to lose a little weight but we'd all starve to death before that happened. She's playing it like l would. She's gone. There's one difference between the two of you, Ziva. You don't have a baby girl. Most likely part of her cover or an occupational accident. - lt's more than that. - How can you tell? My gut. Come on. You're with me. Let's go. Hey, probie. Let me ask you a question. You don't think she was serious about the whole losing a few pounds thing? Are you gonna hit me if l tell you the truth? No, man. We're buds. Yeah. My wife is not a spy, sir. Her South Korean passport's a forgery. lt's not possible, okay? Yoon loves this country. She knows more about it than me. She was trained to, it's called a honey trap. Her assignment was to meet an eligible serviceman, seduce him and gain access into this country. Oh, yeah? Then why was she trying to convince me to leave the Marine Corps and go to college? Most likely you were not part of the assignment. - You were a means to an end. - Listen. Okay, l've lived with her for five years. She's the mother of my child. l'm telling you, there's no way. - What's this? - Your wife. No, that can't be real. lt's real. Min Crane and Sun Porter? She killed them? - Oh, my God. - Has she tried to contact you? - No. - She's a foreign agent, Marine. You lie about this, it's treason. She hasn't. She hasn't tried to contact me, sir. Okay, we think she might. lf she does and you confront her, she will most likely kill you. l just can't believe this. Go ahead. - Hello? - <i>lt's me, James.</i> Yoon, what the hell is going on? NClS is here. - They're telling me all sorts of things. - <i>Don't speak.</i> Just listen to me, okay? You need to come home now. lt's too late for that. l've done things. - Terrible things. - <i>l don't care, all right?</i> Tell me where you are and l'll come and get you. There's one more thing that l need to do. l don't have a choice. - l never had a choice. - <i>Just tell me why.</i> - Please, sweetheart. - <i>No matter what they say,</i> what they tell you about me, know that l loved you with all my heart. That it was for real. And tell Rebecca-- Tell her Mommy is sorry for this. All of it. This is insane. Yoon, you can't do-- l love you both so much, more than you can imagine but l can't let it happen. Yoon, don't. Yoon, don't hang up. l got her, Tony. She's at a pay phone in Annandale, Virginia. The corner of Raven Road and Lancaster Drive. - Way to go, Abs. - Kind of a weird place to be hiding out. There's nothing there except country clubs. Lee Sung's catering job? The Pacific Rim Society. lt's in Annandale! Either that's a coincidence or she really, really wants to kill this guy. - l don't believe in coincidence. - ''l don't believe in coincidence.'' No. No, Yoon. Where is it, Lee Sung? Have you no honour left, woman? More than you. Scream and l kill you. Found out why the FBl isn't responding, boss. - She's definitely here. - <i>Keep looking, DiNozzo.</i> l'm right behind you. l will kill you if you don't answer this time. Where? ln the truck. Drop the weapon. There's a bomb set to go off in this building. lf you kill me now, we all die. Put your weapon down. l was a North Korean operative. We kind of figured that part out on our own. The part that you don't know is that my cell included Sun Porter, - Min Crane and this man. - She's lying. l swear on the life of my daughter that l'm trying to prevent this attack. And l swear if you don't release your weapon, l will kill you. The bomb is in his truck. Please, we may only have minutes left. - Now do you believe me? - Can you disarm it? lf l had a couple of days, maybe. You? l could try. But l suggest not standing within five miles of here while l attempt it. - l can. - She put it there. She's trying to kill us all. They're evacuating the building, boss. And the-- - That's a really big bomb. - You think, DiNozzo? l didn't kill them to maintain my cover, Agent Gibbs. l did it to keep my family. - l failed. - She's a North Korean spy. Not anymore. At least let me prevent this. McGee, get Sung out of here. - Get the cuffs off her. - Gibbs. lt's not a debate, Officer David. Go. Go on. Get out of here. All of you. Get a clear distance away. l'll handle it from here. l don't care how hard you whack me, boss. - l'm not going anywhere. - Nor am l. lf we survive this, you're both fired. lt's supposed to do that, right? lt's done. The bomb is no longer armed. So what happens now, sir? The FBl will take her into custody, sergeant. And then prison? Your wife is an agent of a hostile power. lt all depends what kind of a deal she can make. She was also responsible for bringing down an entire North Korean cell and saving hundreds of lives, sergeant. l'm sure that will be taken into consideration. Right, Officer David? Yes, of course. Her knowledge of the inner workings of North Korean lntelligence should proved to be invaluable. Guys, give her a minute. l'm so sorry. l was trying to do the right thing. Everything you said to me on the phone, l believe in you. l'll always believe it, no matter what happens. Come here. lt's okay. - l'm so sorry. - l know. Let's go. Tony, Ziva, what happened back there with the bomb, - l want you both to know-- - You don't have to say it, boss. We know how you feel about us. Gibbs, we're a team. That's what we do. l was going to say, if either one of you two wing nuts