head when she dies, but mine is being cremated and scattered at the nearest Hooters. No, I know. She's crazy. Even if it works, who wants to live forever? Live fast, die young, you know? What are you doing? The sign said "walk"! No way! My light was green. You ever see streetlights malfunction like that? That's not a malfunction. That's an S.O.S. Team-NCIS.com presents : NCIS Saison 4 Episode 13 Sharif Returns Capture: FRM@FadeOut and Sub-way.fr Sync:FRM@LePetitPrince and Team-NCIS.com The lights went crazy. There was all kind of blinking lights. My light was green, so it's frightening that anybody... City engineers traced the disturbance to an underground power node. Back traced the source, they found this. Hey, boss. Meet Marine Officer Major John Maguire. At least that's what his I.D. says. It's hard to tell with the, uh... you know, the one eye. Yeah, where's the missing one? Your guess is as good as mine. Major worked under Marine Corps Systems Command, was liaison to the civilian sector for N.B.C. preparedness. Nuclear, biological and chemical. Very good. I'm proud of you, like a weird uncle. Hey, boss, you may not have noticed, but the... Door locks from the outside. Oh, so you noticed that. Meaning someone else locked him down here. Yeah, you really want to impress me, Tell me why. Did he know where his S.O.S. was going? Not a chance. Shorting the power box was clever, but a shot in the dark. Lucky it worked at all. And someone was able to figure it out. Well, that's precisely why S.O.S. was chosen, 'cause it was so very recognizable. Dot-dot-dot, dash-dash-dash, dot-dot-dot. Unlike the old signal, which was CQD, come quick distress. Just the S.O.S.? That's all he sent. Morse code's a dying art. Was for him. Well, he could have sent a message and no one would have recognized it. Present company excepted. Cause of death? Well, he didn't suffocate. There are no signs of cyanosis to indicate oxygen deprivation. No petechial hemorrhages that would indicate strangulation, there's no blunt or sharp force trauma; in fact,there's no sign of any trauma at all. Other than the missing eye. That would explain his death, Timothy. Blood came from somewhere. Yes, well, I think the blood on the hands is superficial. From several torn cuticles and, uh, pads. Looks like he literally tried to climb the walls. Oh, that's odd. 99.1. It appears our corpse is running a slight fever. What happened down here? Whatever happened, someone wanted to watch. Though the idea of the artificial eye was centuries old, it didn't really take off until the early 20th century. A group of Germans toured the United States custom-fitting glass eyes to those who needed them. Yes, which would've included you, Major, had you still been alive. Sadly, the outbreak of war led to shortages, resulting in ill-fitting eyeballs which had a tendency to pop out during rigorous interpersonal activity. Such as? I leave that to your imagination, Tony. But I do have a cause of death. I was hoping there was a reason you called me down here, Ducky. Yes, the Major's death occurred as a result of acute organ failure brought about by hyperthermia. It wasn't that cold down there. No. Hyperthermia, Tony, not hypo. His body temperature literally became too hot to handle. Wasn't that warm down there. No, indeed it wasn't, but the hyperthermia would explain the elevated body temperature I found at the crime scene. One mystery solved. Unfortunately, the Major does not appear to suffer from any of the risk factors involved in heatstroke. Well, he still managed to die from it. Yes, indeed he did. You know, certain medications can interfere with the body's cooling processes, but we'll have to wait for Abby's toxicology report to see if that is a factor. I get it. Rigorous interpersonal activity. Maybe it was a trophy for the crypt keeper. The wound was self-inflicted. Are you saying that he... He tore out his own eyeball. You know, I found traces of vitreous fluid under his fingernails. Well, where'd it go? We didn't find an eyeball at the crime scene. It was at the crime all right, hiding... in his stomach. You didn't find a toe in there, too, did you Duck? How'd it get in his stomach? Oh, I don't know, Tony. But there are only two pathways into the stomach. Neither possibility is particularly appetizing. Thank God you're here. I really need your help. You've got to stop me from doing something stupid. I'm thinking about getting a tattoo. All these tattoos. You know, I get really nervous 'cause it's such a final decision. Should I go with something a little esoteric or... I don't know, maybe a little Eastern. Ah, Ganesh. The Hindu god of wisdom for me, the wise one. What do you think? I don't think I'm the one to ask about this. But Gibbs, you know me better than anyone else and when you're gonna make a decision that's gonna affect the rest of your life, you need the person around you that knows you best for guidance. Please? Where do you want to put the tattoo? Okay, you're right. You're not the one to ask. Toxicology report. I heard about Ducky's unexplained hyperthermia. I can explain it. I found traces of three quinuclidinyl benzilate in Major Maguire's blood. NATO calls it BZ gas. We call it Agent Buzz. It's an incapacitating agent that causes hyperthermia, severe hallucinations and, in large enough doses, death. It's a chemical weapon, Gibbs. Whose? It's hard to tell. Chemical weapons are banned, but they're still allowed for research purposes. Even by our own government. Can you tell which lab it came from? No. But I do have a lead. The camera that you pulled from the sewer is Wi-Fi based. It works by piggy-backing on local, unprotected networks. Once it's on the Internet, it can be routed anywhere at will. And it makes it totally untraceable. But you traced it anyway. Let me know when you... I got an address. Yep. No, I mean, I got an address. The killer watched the Major die from a bowling alley, 19 Bella Street. Of course, whoever was there is probably long... ...gone... by... now. I got a bad feeling about this. We let the elf lord go in, we may never get him out. Getting old, Tony. Tony, you and Ziva take the back. Elf lord, you're with me. This place ain't doing me any good I'm in the wrong town should be in Hollywood Just for a second there... Gonna take dancing lessons. Do the jitterbug rag. Ain't no shortcuts. Gonna dress in drag, only a fool in here. Would think he's got anything to prove Wonder where everyone is. Wonder where everyone is. Lot of water under the bridge...  Talk to me, Ziva. Real service entrance clear. Standing by. I just want to know what the heck you want me to say. Look, we can do this nice and easy or not so nice and easy. Come on, man! Federal agents! Drop your weapons! Federal agents, put 'em down! Drop 'em! NCIS, drop your weapons. Drop your weapons! How about we all drop our weapons? Since clearly we're all on the same team. Mamoun Sharif. CID was able to trace an old lead from when Sharif was working as a paid informant for the CIA. The trail led to an alias which led to a credit card. Which led to a bowling alley. Yep. Funny, us running into each other like that. Funny? You have a better word? A few come to mind. So the real question: are our cases connected? As connected as McGee and his cute, little writing pipe. The prints on the computer that was used to monitor the sewer match the prints on file from Sharif's CIA report. The Mad Bomber is back. Except he's not using bombs this time. So where did he get the BZ gas? One of the Major's duties was to deliver small quantities of weapons-grade gases to civilian research labs. Ziva, you and Tony... Run down the list of the Major's deliveries, starting with the most recent. And find out... If any of them were BZ gas. On it. They always finish your sentences for you? I teach them to anticipate. Well, they do it well. You must be a good teacher. Well, thank you very much. Uh, boss, if Sharif was trying to cover his tracks, why would he go to all this trouble just to kill Major Maguire? It does seem unusual that Sharif would have wasted the BZ gas the way he did. He wasn't wasting it. He was testing it. Testing it for what? It's a chemical weapon. Take a guess. I meant do you have anything specific? A date, a target? No. Nothing yet. Is there any hard intel suggesting that Sharif is planning an attack? You mean, other than the dead guy in our morgue? If you're worried about the lack of chatter... - Don't. - The last time Sharif planned an attack, there was zero uptick. He certainly proved last time that he was a pro at flying beneath our radar. Yes, but even if he's planning on not using the gas himself... He'll sell it to someone who will. Yeah. Homeland Security certainly loves non-specific threats. So, how are we going to handle this? Our investigations have merged. Who's gonna take the lead? You'll be working under Agent Gibbs. Your boss and I flipped a coin for it. Is that a problem? No problem. - I'm just... - Used to being on top. In command, yes. But I've worked with Agent Gibbs before and I'm happy to again. You two have worked together a while, huh? How long? The reason... you're asking? Just curious. Forget it. Major Maguire was here last week. Secure delivery. Shame what happened. You seem real broken up. Hey, I got my own problems. We upsized our operation after 9/11. Things haven't quite panned out. Lines out the door for GameBox Three and I got warehouses of this no one wants. And creditors up the wazoo. Uh, wazoo? Huh? Good luck with that one. Oh, wait. Give me a second. - Hi. - He's got two cell phones. One for each ear. Yeah, I can take a rain check. Everything all right? All right, I'll talk to you later. Sounds like you have something up your wazoo. A doctor's probe, perhaps? Look, I got a business to run. If you have any more questions, you can ask our chief engineer. He's in here. Dane. Tell them what they need to know. Okay? Yeah. What do you need to know? Well, my partner probably needs to know your home phone number. So if you'd just let it go, he would've thought I was kidding. I don't want your number. What do you want? You got a delivery of BZ gas last week. We need to confirm the shipment details. Invoice number? So, if chemical weapons are banned, how come you guys are still doing research with them? Well, not everyone plays by the same rules as us. We still need to certify that our safety devices will be functional against a rogue attack. The military provides us with the samples to certify our devices and we do the testing. All right, here we go. Four kilograms of BZ concentrate. Four? According to SYSCOM records, it was 14. We asked for four. That's what the Major signed over to us. Ten kilograms missing. Is that a lot? So then the Colonel says to Gibbs, "Funny, us running into each other like that"... McGee, you are reading way too much into this. Abby, you were not there. You did not see the look on Gibbs' face. Look at what, McGee? Hi, boss. I was... I was just... Talking about us behind our backs? Well, we were trying to. What do you got on Sharif? On Maguire. We've been digging all day trying to find a connection. Um, one possibility. A $20,000 deposit. Wired from an offshore bank account two days ago. Is Sharif the source of that wire? Well, he didn't sign his name on it. If we can track the source, it might give us a lead on him. Yeah, do it. But wait! - There's more! - The Wi-Fi camera that Sharif used, it streamed video of Major Maguire in real time to Sharif's computer. And we all know that the Internet was designed to be a redundant communications protocol. Yeah, we were able to use that redundancy to find echoes of the original stream... How long will they go on like this? Until we stop 'em. - ...to ISP and rebuilding... - McGee. Bottom line? We've got the video Sharif took of Major Maguire before he died. First he tried to pick the lock. Then he called for help. About a half-hour later, he gets the idea to try and signal using the power box on the wall, which caused the traffic lights on the street to blink. Watch what happens when the BZ goes into effect. He looks really agitated. BZ gas causes severe hallucinations. He is literally losing his mind. Now we know how an eyeball got in his stomach. How much? Um, this is the result of roughly ten milligrams of exposure. What? We're missing ten kilograms, McGee. That's like a million times more. Good news, boss. Gordon Gear ran a full inventory. The only thing unaccounted for was the BZ gas. Does that mean you found Sharif? I guess he's still unaccounted for. He's someplace doing something. Figure out where and find him. - I got an idea, campfire! - No! Yes! Campfire's where we all get together in a free environment, you know, without hugging and everything, we, uh... not a big fan of the campfire. Then where is he going? Same place he always goes to think. I thought you'd like to know that Sharif made it to the top of every agency's Most Wanted list. Homeland Security's all over it. Where's your boat? Well, had to move it to make some room. - Yeah, but... - They're covering their asses. - But where... - Gonna take them days to do anything. Yeah, well, they want a briefing. Chemical weapons are notoriously difficult to deal with, and ten kilograms is a large amount. It could be a land-based attack. Or worse, something else we haven't thought of yet. Well, that's what I'm here for. Is it? You say that like you were expecting something else. Or is it hoping? What you got in the bag? Dinner. Why don't we start with that? So maybe Sharif is just gonna to sell the BZ. He's not. - And you're so sure of that because...? -  His eyes. His eyes? He doesn't want the money. He wants to kill. Who? Sharif's sold himself out to the highest bidder his whole life, no matter what side they were on. I mean, what's changed? People get older. Realize they want something different. And you can tell this just by looking into someone's eyes? Yeah. Okay. What do you see in my eyes? That you want me to kiss you. So are you going to? - Yeah. - When? After we catch... Sharif. - That's probably a good idea. - Really? 'Cause I was hoping you would think that. No, no, it's a good idea. And I'd better go before I change my mind. Uh, you know, we're a distraction to your team. We can't have anything interfering with finding Sharif. And we're gonna find him. Then what? Interfere. Yeah. Gibbs. Hello, Agent Gibbs. What do you want, Sharif? No pleasantries? That's not very friendly, Agent Gibbs. You want friendly? Front door's open. Bring coffee. I did, but you weren't in. Nice place. Got some decorating tips, but first things first. I know you are aware I have almost ten kilograms of BZ gas in my possession. I wasn't expecting applause, but I was hoping for a little bit more. What do you want? The United States government is holding six alleged members of a Chechen separatist group in a secret prison in Afghanistan. I want them released within the next 24 hours. Not gonna happen. Because the United States does not negotiate with terrorists. But you misunderstand. We are not negotiating. Either you release those men or I will release more of the BZ gas. More? It's hard to say how many have been exposed. Airborne weaponry is a tricky business, but... I'm sure the 11:00 news will have a pretty good figure by now. Authorities are not certain what is causing the illness. There are no fatalities as of yet, but at least six people have fallen sick. Actually, counting you, Agent Gibbs, that makes seven. Poor Gibbs. First he loses his memory, and now he might lose his mind. Sharif is going to lose a lot more than that when Gibbs catches him. He's not going crazy, is he? No, he's his usual self. Which some people might characterize as unconventional. I didn't find any trace of BZ gas in either of them. Sharif appears to be bluffing. You're welcome to, ... Gibbs! - I was so worried. - I'm okay, Abs. Yeah, me, too. No fatalities at the hospital. The dose was too low. They're reporting it as food poisoning. But the word is already beginning to leak out. How did Sharif deliver the BZ? I can't tell yet. The pattern of illnesses appears random. We're still trying to find a link between Sharif and the Chechen rebels. You won't find one. He's trying to distract us. From what? I don't know. Then what makes you so sure? Never question the gut. Going somewhere, McGee? Actually, looking for you, boss. Might have found a connection between Sharif's victims. Neighbors reported seeing the same truck outside two of the houses. Well, you got a plate? Not enough of one. All I got is a red truck, some kind of logo. Ziva, you and Tony find out if anyone else saw... Where the hell is DiNozzo? You tell me. Oh, that's right, you won't. Find him! Now! Paging Miss Benoit. Miss Benoit, please report to your front door, please. There's a medical emergency requiring your assistance. Miss Benoit, a patient at your front door is dying of loneliness. So when I said "rain check"... That's weird. 'Cause I thought you said "brain Chex." Like some kind of breakfast cereal good for your brain. What's wrong? It doesn't have anything to do with you. That's not what I asked. If you don't want to tell me, I can always look at your horoscope or read some tea leaves or... What is it about "no" that men refuse to understand? Is this all men or just me? I got an e-mail from an old friend. And this old friend is not good at the "no" word? No, this friend isn't. Starting to sound like this may have something to do with me. Not everything is about you. Okay, then. Enough about me, let's talk about you. What do you think of me? Beaches. Bette Midler. 1987. 1988, actually, but I'm gonna give it to you anyway, 'cause you're kind of cute. And you win the prize: A night with Francois Truffaut. Actually, probably a couple of nights, maybe even a long weekend. We can start with The 400 Blows. I love Truffaut. Just so, um, we're clear, to, you know, make sure there's no confusion in the future, when we use the word "rain check," we're saying "no" now, right? Not "no" with a capital "N," more like a lowercase "no." Yes. Perfectly unclear. You see, this might be why men have trouble understanding the feminine of the "no"... word... thingy. I'm digging myself a hole, here. You know, since I'm here, it's a shame to waste me. I vote for a group bath. Is that a "yes" or...? It wasn't a "no." That's very good. Is this about the mystery illness? I don't know. You tell me. I'm telling you, I just got the news flash. Sharif? Yes. Where are you? Off duty. Okay, this is getting old, Tony. This is why I don't answer your calls. McGee found a connection between the victims. Their homes were fumigated by the same firm. All right. Text me the address. Where are you? Tony. The water's getting cold. About that rain check... The pest control firm didn't realize that one of their commercial sprayers was missing until I sent two of my agents to question them. We've ID'd Sharif as one of their employees. Former employee. Call you back. Sharif hasn't shown for work since the attack. Probably because he's too busy preparing for his next one. The missing sprayer is truck-mounted. But it could easily be adapted for a small aircraft. I'm having mobile sensors deployed at every Marine and Naval base on the East Coast. FAA finish grounding all small aircraft? In the works. Ducky says there's an antitoxin. Needs to be delivered to all Trauma Ones and base hospitals. In the works. I hope "in the works" means something different here than it does where I come from. Keep hoping. You don't want this being seen?! It's too late! Too late! Too late! Jethro? Are you okay? Yeah. Fine. Colonel Mann. Yes, Director? He's not fine. We're all under a lot of stress. A word of advice. Agent Gibbs is one of the best agents around, but when it comes to dealing with bureaucracy, it's not one of his stronger points. And your point? My point... is that I almost lost my best agent six months ago, and I don't want a repeat. Well, with all due respect, ma'am, I think Agent Gibbs can take care of himself. I think you know that. Yes, I do. That will be all. Rumors continue to swirl about a possible terrorist attack.</i> There's been no official confirmation, but the FAA...</i> Gibbs! We have news. We were able to back trace the wire transfer to Major Maguire. It wasn't easy. Most offshore accounts use a block cipher as a security protocol. So what we did was we fooled their system by - causing a denial - of-service... - You got a location on Sharif? Gibbs, the wire transfer did not come from Sharif. Who did it come from? So this is the guy Ziva was drooling over. - I wasn't drooling. - Please. I saw you undressing him with your bedroom eyes. At least I'm not the one asking him if he waxed his eyebrows. It's important to appreciate the competition. I want a lawyer. Why? You done something wrong? I'm admitting to nothing. You don't need to. We already know you wired $20,000 to Major Maguire. What we don't know is why. I'm gonna make this real simple for you. No lawyer, no trial. Just a room like this until you talk. That's the way it works for terrorists. I'm not a terrorist. Well, you'd better hope you can convince us otherwise. All right. I diverted the BZ gas to Sharif, not the Major. When I went to cover my tracks... Major Maguire found out. Yeah. Sharif said he would take care of it. I got worried when the Major disappeared, because I knew the missing BZ would be traced back to me. So you made it look like Major Maguire sold the gas to Sharif by putting the money in his account. How much did Sharif pay you? Nothing. I paid him. What, you just like killing Americans? We weren't planning on killing anyone. The plan was to scare people. Hey, it's working. You guys don't get it, do you? Every time there's a catastrophe, someone cashes in. Katrina- the construction companies cleaned up. The tsunami- traders made a killing on tsunami detection stocks. And during a chemical scare... Have you checked the stock market today? My lab paid me in stock options. The phony attack that put the six people in the hospital, well, that worked, 'cause everybody's running out and buying gas masks now. The stock prices went through the roof. I'll be a millionaire by tomorrow's bell. You're going to be in prison by tomorrow's bell. You gave a terrorist deadly nerve gas? Just wait. Now, it's not what you think. I built in a safeguard. I denatured the enzyme, which makes it useless for an airborne attack. It was the only way that I would give him the BZ gas. Sharif knew? Stealing the bug sprayer was just to scare people. Sharif has the BZ, but he can't even use it. I mean, if you ingest it, it'll kill you, but, yeah, last time I checked, bleach and bug spray will do the same thing, and you can buy that anywhere. There is no terrorist attack. Then why are there six people in the hospital right now? Boss, local LEOs found the stolen sprayers in an alley. No trace of BZ. I think maybe Dane was right. Wrong, Probie. This is Sharif. He wouldn't go to all the trouble if he didn't have a plan. And not knowing is driving boss crazy. Then explain how Sharif is going to spread the BZ if it's been modified. Maybe it wasn't modified. It was. CID's chemical weapons specialists analyzed the blood of the victims at the hospital and confirmed the BZ's been modified. It's harmless unless ingested. Which is basically harmless. It wasn't harmless for Major Maguire and those six people. Sharif was in their houses. He could've spiked their O.J. with BZ. Or Sharif figured out a way to modify it back. Yeah, Gibbs. Why don't I wait for you to start the trace? I just called to see how you're feeling, Agent Gibbs. Better than those six innocent people you put in the hospital. I'd stop by and pay my respect, but I'm on my way out of town. How about I send you a postcard? I'm planning on traveling quite a bit for my retirement. And your Chechen buddies? I'm not even sure where Chechnya is. We both know you're not retiring. With what I've made, I plan on doing plenty. Who were they? Wife? Family? Come on, Sharif, I've been there, I know. It's not the money. It's payback. You won't stop until you get it. So who were they? So this is all about payback? No, he's planning an attack. And I believe I have a clue as to what that might be. Do you see the slight inflammation of the stratum corneum of his fingertips? Slight? Looks more like he was grating cheese and forgot the cheese. Yes, well most of the damage occurred when Major Maguire attempted to scale the walls of his crypt. But when I learned that the BZ gas had been modified so it was no longer an airborne threat, I looked for other methods of exposure. He ingested it. That's a good guess but also a wrong one. The answer lies in Major's urine. Smell that. I'd prefer not to. Garlic. Sharif is spiking garlic with BZ toxin? No. The contents of his stomach show that Major Maguire hadn't eaten anything, much less garlic. It appears... that Sharif may have been testing a topical method of exposure. Like, uh, sunscreen or a body oil. If that is the case, then that would explain both the inflammation and the garlic odor by-product. Of course, all this will require a specialized analysis from Abby to determine that that is indeed the case, and I'm fairly certain that... Where'd they go? I'm guessing Abby's lab. And I know Gibbs always gets his man, but those two are unusually motivated to find Sharif. DMSO are as we professionals call it dimethyl sulfoxide. It's an industrial-strength solvent that has a very interesting side effect. It carries whatever it comes into contact with directly into the bloodstream. Wow, gold star for the Colonel. So, it looks like Sharif has mixed BZ with DMSO. Which means that all anyone has to do is come in contact with a coated surface to be exposed. The more BZ is in the mix, the faster it'll take effect. Anywhere from ten minutes to 36 hours. How many people? The bad news, about a 100,000. Oh, well, the good news better be really good. Well, Sharif is going to have some serious distribution problems. If he were to go door-to-door, right? There's only so many people he can get to before we get him. He could do more damage with a shotgun. You gonna get that? Yeah, Gibbs. We'll on our way up. Got a lead on Sharif. Guy's been a busy little banker. He spent the last three days going from bank to bank. Depositing or withdrawing? Withdrawing, and all of it in singles. 12 transactions at 12 different banks. Which is why it was flagged. Anti-laundering law used to say any transaction over ten grand needs to be reported. But those were 9,000 each. Sharif must have known about the limit. What he didn't know was that the Fed lowered the threshold to five grand last month. Since when do you know so much about anti-laundering laws, DiNozzo? Well, you should read your memos more often, then, boss. Or not. How much? 108,000. A lot of singles. About 108,000. I have an entirely inappropriate joke about strip clubs, but I'm gonna save it for a less terrifying moment. He's putting the BZ on the money. By the time that changes hands, within 36 hours... A lot more than 100,000 will be at risk. DiNozzo. I'll check casinos and racetracks. Best places to get rid of large amounts cash quick. Agent McGee, airports, stations, any place Sharif can hit large groups of people. On it, boss... Colonel. Ziva, coordinate roadblocks with local LEOs. We're going to have to issue a warning. It's going to wreak havoc on the economy. The economy's not what I'm worried about. He could be anywhere. We're not going to find him now. You reneging on our deal? - McGee! - Yeah, boss. What is this? Well, it looks like the cash. I can see that, McGee. No, that. Right there, what is that? That. Let me see this. Looks like a GBP. It's a GameBox Portable. Pest guy said Sharif was addicted to it. Is that a video game? Actually it's a wireless handheld game console. Wireless? Does that mean it's traceable? If he's playing it and we know his online gamer ID, yeah. We do. Abs... Tony already called. I'm on it. It looks like while Sharif was waiting for Major Maguire to pop his cork. He spent four hours at the bowling alley playing an online video game called Killer Kudsuckers. - Got his handle? - I'm almost there. Oh, look, it's "Agent Gibbs." Access in the multi-player registry. He's online. He's actually been online for over an hour. - He's not in any rush. - No, he's waiting for something- a plane or... Train. He's at the Amtrak station. He's still online. The National Guard is sending in a response team with antidote. If someone wants to suggest waiting for them outside, I won't complain. Ziva, walk the station down.. Nothing leaves. Which way, McGee? I don't know. He went off-line. - DiNozzo. - Yeah, boss. Have security block all exits. I'm on it. Keep the change. Thank you, sir. Train 84 to Philadelphia, 30, PA,</i> is now boarding on track 80. Boss, you all right? NCIS! Get down on the ground, Sharif. Get the money! What about Sharif? I got him. I got him. The money's contaminated. Put it down. The money's been poisoned. Put it down. Don't touch the money! It's over, Sharif. Something wrong, Agent Gibbs? What did you do? Those lovely hand tools. undetectable until it reaches your bloodstream. A little early, but I'm not complaining. Their names were Cassandra, Dimitri and Bashira. They were my family. Until one of your country's smart bombs was not so smart. Do you know what it's like to lose your family? They say everyone you kill, you just make ten more like me. I think today just one will be enough. Hang on, boss. National Guard's here. We got the antidote. You're going to be all right, Boss. ...which happened today. Nation officials have said certain areas will remain closed</i> for further... Hello. I thought you were still recuperating. Oh, I... yeah, I'll buzz you in. No, you don't need to. The doors are unlocked. Yeah, but, uh... my doorbell works. Well, then I guess we're even. So, uh... You feeling better? Yeah, I'm sure feeling better than DiNozzo. He was about ready to kill himself when he had to burn that hundred grand. I came by to say thank you. You're welcome. Is that all you came for? Well, it's a start. Okay... before we do this,