- l've been abducted. - <i>Are you there, ma'am?</i> - Where is it? No. - <i>NClS.</i> - My name is Wilkerson. l've been abducted. Please. Please, help me. - <i>Ma'am.</i> - No. Help me, please! Hi. You know what l like about coming to work on a Sunday? - The relaxed dress code? - Actually, no. lt offers us the unique chance to get a glimpse into the private lives of our co-workers. Except l have no interest in your life. Now, me, l was playing football. lt's American football. You, l'm guessing, yoga? Why do you insist on calling it football when you don't use your feet? No. Hadn't though of that. Well, we kick it sometimes. Listen to this. So anyway, right, it's first and goal. l'm about to snap the ball, and my butt starts to vibrate. l've seen this on TV. There was a guy behind you. No, it wasn't the quarterback. lt was my phone. So you keep it in your pants at all times? Enough about me. - Let me guess. Pilates? - Very good, Tony. l am an investigator. lt's kind of what l do. l thought you said you were doing Pilates. lsn't Pilates one of your martial arts? No, it's kind of like expensive stretching. Well, then, l guess l wasn't doing a Pilate. Mind giving me a hand with this? Yes, l do. Whose blood is that? Not mine. - Where's McGee? - ln trouble. l left messages on his home phone, cell and BlackBerry. No answer. Rule number three. Never be unreachable. When Gibbs finds out about this-- - Find out what, DiNozzo? - We got a possible abduction, boss. Call came in at 0903, Fairfax area code. Caller said her name was Wilkerson, then the line went dead. Ran a reverse look-up on the number. lt came back belonging to a Navy lieutenant commander. Commander Wilkerson, stationed at Department of Navy, Washington, D.C. No one answers from her home phone or cell. She's currently on liberty, scheduled to be back at work tomorrow morning at 07. That's a nice suit. You didn't get married again, did you? lf you have more, DiNozzo, now would be a good time. Yeah. Her cell wasn't GPS-enabled, but the service provider narrowed the call location, you know, to the-- To the-- - Radius. - Radius. The two-and-a-half-mile radius, yeah. They said they'd contact us if it's used again. We might be able to triangulate, get a fix. - Where's McGee? - l don't know. Sunday's a spiritual day in your country, Gibbs. Perhaps-- Did you get Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson's home address? l did. Then why are you still here? Are you waiting for an invitation, Officer David? - So you really are getting married? - He means you're with me. - Oh, l knew that. - Tick, tock, tick, tock. - Morning, men. - Hi. Reporting for duty as ordered, sir. - Wrong hand, Abs. - Sorry, sir. Call came in from a woman claiming she was abducted, Abby. l need an acoustical analysis of the tape. - Permission to speak freely, sir. - You always speak freely, Abs. l know. l just always wanted to say that. So where's my tape? - On the way to your lab. - Then so am l. lf l finish quickly, maybe l can get back to Habitat for Humanity. l'm doing a bunch of wiring for them this weekend. - We'll see, Abby. - Thank you, sir. - Don't call me ''sir.'' - Thank you, ma'am. lt's clear she isn't home. What's our plan? We use good old-fashioned American ingenuity. Good plan, except l'm not American, Tony. Well, lucky for you, l am. - We start looking for the key. - Why would there be a key? Because they always hide one. lt's stupid, l know, but it's what they do. You're certain there's no alarm? Positive. No sign, no alarm. But there's always a key. You may wanna write that down. After you. - Clear. - Clear. Very OCD. - OCD? - Anal-retentive. - Are you're saying she's a neat freak? - Yeah. Nice job with the lock, by the way. Thank you. lt was a very simple pin-and-tumbler design. So are handcuffs, but l bet you couldn't get out of a pair of those. Are you saying you'd like to handcuff me, Tony? lt's not really my thing, Ziva. l see. You're the one who likes to be handcuffed, then, huh? Spread out. - What are we looking for exactly? - Anything that's out of place. You're gonna have to be a little bit more specific. We're looking for a reason why someone would kidnap our Naval officer. Preferably before Gibbs asks us for it. You're absolutely certain the phone call was from Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson, Agent Gibbs? Not yet, captain. l was hoping you could help me out with that. - <i>l need help.</i> - <i>You'll have to speak up, ma'am.</i> l've been abducted. That's her. That's her voice. Why would someone abduct her? - <i>She's a Force Protection Officer.</i> - Protecting what? Right now, my worst nightmare. We're now at Force Protection condition delta, gentlemen. - <i>Notify the admiral.</i> - <i>Yes, sir.</i> l'm heading your way, Agent Gibbs. l need to come in to brief you personally. That's great, captain. You mind telling me why? Last night a shipment of nuclear fuel rods left a reactor plant in Ohio. - Bound for? - <i>That's classified.</i> Only a handful of people know the exact route that train is taking. And Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson was one of them. Houdini? How are you at picking computer locks? Not very good. Why, did you find something interesting, Tony? Tony, did you find something interesting? - Tony. - Hands over your heads. Now. You too, lady. Make any sudden moves, l shoot. Do we understand each other? Okay, relax, quick-draw. We're feds. Yeah? What agency? - N-- - NClS. Never heard of it. - Naval Criminal lnvestigative Service. - Never heard of it. You never actually get used to it. You think you will, but you never do. - Okay, l have a badge. - Sit down. Cuff yourself to him. - l'd rather you shoot me first. - Cuff yourself, dirtbag. Now, you cuff yourself to the chair. You're making a big mistake. Yeah, like you did setting off the alarm? There's supposed to be a sign outside. There's supposed to be a sign outside. Kids probably stole it. Don't move! Central, got two suspects claiming to be feds. No little red light on the radio means the radio not working. - Hey. - Will you please calm down? This guy is a little jumpy and nervous, so just relax. No sudden moves, all right? No, no! Don't shoot! - Don't shoot. - Nobody's gonna shoot anyone. - Right, Officer David? - He called me a dirtbag. - l'm sorry, ma'am. - Ma'am? - <i>My name is Wilkerson.</i> - You hear that? - Hear what? - Gibbs, l thought your hearing was better than your eyesight. How wrong was l? Okay, l'll just back up, slow it down, fiddle with the hertz a bit and we will interpret this as we go. lt'd be a good idea. - Okay, just after she says her name-- - <i>Wilkerson</i>-- Name that tune, Gibbs. - That's a tyre skid. - Yes. So the car braked. - Next up, is the funk. - <i>Abducted.</i> Manual trunk release. Now, the second that happens, the ambient noise changes. Mostly the engine sound. She's in a car trunk. Yes again. Now for the big finish. Exactly 3.4 seconds later, the trunk is slammed shut. But the engine sound stays the same until the phone shut off. They took the phone, left her in the trunk. l'm afraid so, Gibbs. - How much time does she have? - There's a lot of factors. Depends on the age of the car, how airtight's the trunk, - how much CO2 she releases-- - Abby. Twelve hours she might be safe, then she'd slip into a coma. After 1 7, she'd definitely run out of oxygen. We stopped the nuclear-supply train in Pennsylvania, in a rural area. lt's heavily armoured and defended by FAST Company Marines. The fuel rods are in a containment capsule capable of withstanding small-arms fire. However, if someone did manage to detonate those fuel rods, they would irradiate a 1 0-mile radius. How many other people know about the train's route? The personnel onboard escorting, two Cobras flying air escort and my staff. And Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson's involvement? She helped plan both the primary and alternate routes. What the hell was she doing on liberty, captain? She was never involved in the operational phase. And she specifically requested today off. - Why? - l didn't ask. Are you suggesting that she's somehow involved in this? She's one of my finest officers. What's next on your checklist? Do you want me to guess? We head back to the processing plant and reschedule our delivery. Think they'll hit us on the way back? l think we ought to find your missing officer before we move that train again. l thought you said she was organized. Her house looked like Martha Stewart's jail cell, only neater. Her hard drive is a mess. There's subfolders with subfolders, thousands of files, all password-protected. She didn't know the concept of ''delete.'' Boss, l'm sorry l'm late. Look who's joined us. The ghost of David Niven. l couldn't hear my cell because of the commotion where l was. - Where was you? - lt won't happen again. - You're right, it won't. Help Abby. - Help Abby with what? Okay, l'll have Abby fill me in. What do we know? Don't even try to act all normal dressed like this. Come on. What is wrong with what l'm wearing? You got elbow pads. Look at this. You're like, ''Mr. Peabody, where's the Wayback Machine?'' ls there a costume party? lt's like you're like an English professor. - What are you doing? - You finished? No, l haven't even started yet, Banacek. What do you got here? Oh, you smoke a pipe, McGee? - l do not-- - This is his writing pipe. Our McGee fancies himself a novelist. - l am a novelist. - Don't listen to him, McGee. l think your attire is quite sexy. Thank you, Ziva. Can we continue with this or are you guys gonna make out for a while? - Can l? - By all means. The computer belongs to an abducted Navy officer. All her files are encrypted. She hasn't defragged her drive since she got it, - so it'll take time-- - Found something. - What? - Electronic date book. Where? lt's an icon, centre of the desktop. l use the same program. Don't worry, Abby. Sometimes it's hard to see the jungle through the ferns. - Right. - What do we have? Looks like her last appointment was today at 8:30 a.m. A half an hour before she called us. - lt say where? - Braddock Mall. Please take the ticket. Just out of curiosity, who taught you to drive? l did. On the chance that l can see something at warp speed, what kind of car are we looking for? Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson drives a 2002 silver Jetta. - Figures. - What figures? - Chick car. - Meaning? There are guy cars and there are chick cars. lt's a known and irrefutable fact. Was it a government study? lt's just a thing you know. You don't know how, you just do. Sebring, Liberty, Jetta and Bug, the whole VW line, all chick. Mustang, Camaro, Escalade, PT Cruiser, all guy. Hummer is very guy, with adequacy issues. And then there's some that go both ways. lt's an Accord, not a Jetta. But case in point. Mini Cooper and Acura fall in the same category. You've given this a lot of thought. lt's very sad. Well, then there's the Miata. lt's a special case. Leans to chick but can go guy. Usually means he's in denial, though. Stop! Gladly, if it means l don't have to listen to your automobile gender issues. Plate matches. Abducted. The car definitely hit something in the road. Play it back again. l mean, can you please play it back again? Better, Timmy. You're mad at me. l have better things to do than deal with your pipe-smoking fetish, McGee. l told you that l don't smoke it. lt is purely an inspirational thing. Whatever. lf you wanna get cancer, it's not my concern. Abby, l don't smoke. The important thing here is to dissect this tape and try to get something that will help find Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson. Of course. You're not the only one who came to work dressed differently today. l saw Tony and Ziva. l was talking about me. Here's a hint. l'm not one of the Village People. Oh, no, the Habitat for Humanity was this weekend? Abby. Abby, l'm so sorry, okay? l'm sorry. l completely forgot. You must hate me. l could never hate you, McGee. Don't let it happen again. There's no commander in here. - Need any help with that, Tony? - No, l've got it. lt's just been a while since l broke into cars on a regular basis. - You broke into cars? - l was a cop in Baltimore. You stole cars for the police? No. You wouldn't believe how many kids lock themselves in by accident. Or suicides that lock themselves in on purpose. Drug addicts who think they're on a trip, only the car's not moving. - Old people. l love them-- - Fond memories. Can l try that now? No. l almost got it. Just gotta stick it in, twist it around a little bit. There it is. Now l give it a nice firm yank-- Happens with the German cars sometimes. Be right back. - No one likes a show-off. - Got something. Open up. Roll the tape. - l tell you how much l like movies? - Only several times a day. lt's Sunday the 1 4th, 0833. Location, the parking garage at Braddock Mall. The agreed-upon meeting place with my target. He's promised money and a place to stay in exchange for my willing cooperation. Why don't l think what she said is a good thing? Because you're a better agent than you are a driver. Boss, it looks like she used an lDEA algorithm to generate a short key for some of the files. Got the software working now. As for the rest, l am condensing like extensions into their own subsets. - ln English, McGee. - <i>l am working on</i> opening the locked files and establishing protocol. Gibbs, what he's trying to say is that there's a crap load of stuff. The sheer volume of material is daunting. Even for a guy in a turtleneck. - But l'm working it as fast as l can. - <i>Work faster, McGee.</i> lf she's still in the car trunk, we have 8 hours to find her - till she runs out of air. - That's not strictly accurate, Jethro. l was on the 9th with a shot at a $1 0 Nassau when Abby called. She wanted to make certain her survival figures were accurate. How far off were they, Duck? Well, they were spot on, but something she said bothered me. She arrived at her figures based on a young woman in good health. Well, given the dire circumstances, l thought it best to verify that that was, in fact, the case. Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson was treated for acute bronchitis by an intern at the base two days ago. With her lungs in that condition, well, they would not be operating as efficiently as normal. - How long? - Her survival time would be shortened by several hours. - You've been so helpful. l don't know-- - DiNozzo. l hope that was background on Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson. l talked to everyone in her command. They think she's clean. Not much social life. Spends half her time at work, half at home on her computer. She's basically a McGee. He's not responsible for the movement of nuclear fuel rods across country. And McGee didn't make a personal video about money and transport to a safe house. What's with that video? lt doesn't make any more sense than that phone call. They both accomplished one thing. The train is no longer mobile. Navy can't risk moving it until they find out what happened to her. - Navy. - Yeah. As in us! - Boss, l think l have something here. - Show me, McGee. l'm not 1 00 percent sure it's anything, but l found something that could possibly help. - Show me. - Wilkerson's e-mail log shows that she sent 1 4 messages from the same location last night. lt wasn't her home lSP. - l can't read that. - lt's encrypted. - Then un-crypt it. - Abby and l are working on it. Why am l sitting here looking at you? l thought that it might be helpful to know that Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson sent all these emails from a store called PBJ. at the Braddock Mall in Fairfax. Wilkerson could suffocate at any time, and you couldn't tell me this with a phone call, McGee? Well, l could. l should've. - Hi. - Hello. Can l help you? NClS, l'm Agent DiNozzo, this is Officer David. - lt stands for Naval Criminal-- - lnvestigative Service. We've worked with NClS before. l'm Ross Logan. l run this chapter of PBJ. Peanut butter and jelly, yes? Actually, no. lt stands for Perverts Brought to Justice. We're a non-profit that helps law enforcement track down online paedophiles. That was my second guess. That's Amanda Wilkerson. ls she in trouble? - She's been-- - Why ask if she's in trouble? - l guess past experience. - Meaning...? Meaning we have a strict policy to only monitor suspected abusers. We never confront. That's obviously your job. l'm gonna take a wild stab and say Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson - didn't always follow policy. - lnitially, no. She had a few confrontations with some of our targets. One ended up suing us for harassment. - How long did she volunteer here? - She started about two years ago. Ever since her 1 4-year-old niece was raped by an online predator. - What's she done now? - Gone missing. Her e-mail records say she was here last night. She was. The 8-to-midnight shift. Last couple weeks, she's been working a pervert with the screen name ''Fleet Captain.'' He thinks Amanda's 1 4. But there's a transcript of last night's conversation. lt's very...explicit. - More like sickening. - They're called perverts for a reason. - You got an address for this freak? - Unfortunately, no. His connections route through a dozen different lSPs and they change nightly. Gonna need your server and files, then. Our best hackers haven't been able to track him. - You haven't met our hacker. - He's good? Does a bear sit in the woods? Are you the crackerjack team on this job? She's lsraeli. Look, l know l got the bear thing right. What can l do to help, McGee? You can stop touching things when you're not grounded. Right, sorry. Hack away. You won't even notice me here. Okay, but you're standing on my foot. Thought it was a cable. My apologies once again. Sure there isn't something you wanna help Abby with? No. l wish to improve my computer skills. So come on, hacky-sacky. Right. l isolated the sound of the commander's phone call. What do you think? The ''thunk'' sort of sounds like metal. You don't think l haven't already ''thunk'' that, Tony? Why'd you ask me to listen? l went to a Plastic Death concert last night. l couldn't even hear my alarm. l wanna be sure. Oh, play it again. - A train track? - Yes. Railroad tracks would be the obvious choice, but there isn't a second ''thunk'' or a ''thack,'' not even a ''thock'' on that track. Have you been reading a lot of Dr. Seuss books? You know l love me some Theodor Geisel. - <i>You'll have to speak up, ma'am.</i> - <i>l've been abducted.</i> l think l heard something after the ''thunk,'' but the scream kind of covers it. Can you erase that part? No, but l can mess with the frequencies. The sound you heard, was it higher or lower than her scream? - Lower. - <i>l've been abducted.</i> lt was a railroad track. Her scream was covering the ''thunk.'' l need to wear earplugs at concerts. Okay, the commander was at the Braddock Mall at 8:30 a.m. Crossed railroad tracks 20 minutes later. There. Those are the only railroad tracks within 1 5 miles of the mall. Ox Road. That's good work, Abby. Assuming Abby is correct, the vehicle harbouring Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson left the mall via Ox Road. The car travelled southbound, passing three gas stations, a Wal-Mart and this Lexus dealership. 2.6 miles later they passed by this bank, just before crossing the Dungy Street railroad tracks. How many times you pass Go? Collect your $200? You know, Monopoly, the board game? lt's American. Ox Road eventually comes to an end at the luxury living community of Terra Trace Estates. The Fairfax police are now focusing their search on this central area. They estimate between 8 to 9 hours for a thorough search. Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson doesn't have that long. Which is why l tracked down the only available surveillance video on or near Ox Road. Hit the little right button. This is the internal security camera of a Northern Virginia Savings and Trust ATM. Now, it sits about 300 yards north of the train tracks at Ox Road, right? Now, we know the car passed over the tracks at 0904. Speed limit is 35 miles per hour. We gotta assume our abductor didn't wanna attract attention by speeding. Our car should be passing this camera around-- Hold on a second. Carry the seven. Divide by six-- Right, here. - l'm switching banks. - You really think she's hot? She's a perfect 1 0 with a great-- l saw that. Why'd you give her the soft touch? - Thank you, boss. - ls that the best shot you can get? There's a few frames just after she blocks our view with her incredible figure. That's a 1 989 Mercedes 560 SEL, boss. l can't see the plate. Well, use your little clicker and zoom in. That first number's either an eight or a six. lt's an eight. With all due respect, sir, your eyesight isn't exactly your strong-- 863 Romeo Charlie Tango. Nine cars reported stolen from Northern Virginia this morning. One is a Benz 560 SEL. - William Lafferty, Fairfax, Virginia. - Move it. How long has your car been missing? Well, l just reported it missing this morning. l went out to get the paper - and it was gone. - When did you last see it? Last night around 9. - l came back from renting a movie. - What movie? - Does it matter? - Oh, yeah. - The title's kind of embarrassing. - Back of the store? Triple X? - No. - <i>Weekend at Bernie's Part Two.</i> That's even worse. - Anyone else have keys to your car? - No, l live alone. Someone stole my car - and used it in a crime, right? - What makes you think that? Three feds looking for a stolen '89 Mercedes. l'm not an idiot. - You've been home all morning? - Yeah. - What happened? - Can anyone verify that? l didn't have anything to do with whatever shooting - or robbery my car was in. - Yeah, Gibbs. Boss, hey, l picked up a trace on... Lionfish, trigger and clown. l breed them. l hate clowns. Good work, McGee. We're on our way. Someone's using Wilkerson's cell phone. McGee's getting a fix. - What about my car? - We'll call you. Keep going. Keep going. Okay, it's directly north of you right now. You should be right by him, boss. Phone's still in use. Yeah, l got it, McGee. Signal's coming from 1 00 yards of here. lt's still active. - Freeze! NClS! - Don't shoot. - lt's not our beer. - <i>Hello? Danny?</i> Yeah, we found it. - <i>Danny?</i> - Who's on the phone? - My girlfriend? - Hi. Oh, my God, don't touch me there. He's gonna have to call you back. Bye. You're busted. Definitely Lieutenant Commander Wilkerson's cell phone, boss. Five calls made in the last hour. Two to an adult chat line. Three to a teenage girl in Manassas. Coordinate with the locals. l want the park searched. Sheriff's department is en route. They say they bought their phones from another boy. - This boy have a name? - l'm sure he does. - They, however, claim not to know it. - They also claim this isn't their beer. You don't think l know they're lying? Thank you, because l do. - They're only children. - Actually, they're teenagers. Whatever. The little one was about to cry. You have to draw the line somewhere. l mean, these boys are not potential suicide bombers. And l don't interrogate children. No, you don't, Ziva. You talk to them. Why would Commander Wilkerson pretend to be a 1 4-year-old girl? She was luring an online predator into a meet at Braddock Mall this morning. Her disappearance has nothing to do with the fuel-rod shipment? - Maybe. - The e-mails could be the way she communicates with her cell. ln a paedophilia chat room on the lnternet? Give me a break. Your response, captain, is the exact reason why intelligence operatives use such methods. You still think there's a threat? That train doesn't move until we find the commander. We didn't know the phone was stolen. We bought it from a guy we know at school. - l want the name, Beavis. - We don't, like, ''know'' know him. Yeah, meaning we don't exactly know his name. Well, l, like, think you're, like, totally, like, lying, like. - You wanna know why? - Because you're old? Funny guy. You're playing a dangerous game, small fry. Ops. Yeah, it's DiNozzo. Hey, Mattie. l need to requisition two sets of genital cuffs, and l gotta requisition the mark-5 Taser again. No, you don't have to clean them. l'll wear rubber gloves. Thanks. l'm thirsty. Can l get you something to drink? You really should, because interrogation makes you a little dehydrated. Okay. Oh, before l forget. Any history of testicular cancer or high blood pressure in the family? Okay, you know what? You guys think about that for a second. l'm gonna do a little refill, and we'll talk about the boring stuff later, funny guys. - Genital cuffs? - Steve Martin, Michael Caine, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels. - Great. - Whatever. lt's working. We have to tell them. He's bluffing. There's no such thing as genital cuffs. - What if there is? - lf Geck finds out we ratted on him? These guys aren't even cops. They're some secret government agency. You see the way she was playing with her knife? Yeah, l know. lt was kind of hot, like Salma Hayek in <i>Desperado.</i> Never seen that. All right. - That's for the number. - What number? Geck's, Beavis. Write. Write. Write, write, write. And that is how you interrogate kids. This guy's not your average pervert, Abs. He's got some serious programming skills. - Well, so do we. - That might not be enough this time. Don't say that, McGee. Commander Wilkerson's almost out of time. Damn it. l keep losing his connection in Madrid. Okay, that's it. You need a break. - We don't have time for breaks, Abby. - We don't, but you do. How many times have l told you he's not a toy? Hi, Gibbs. He's getting a little stressed out. So am l. Tell me you two have found ''Captain Pervert.'' lt's ''Fleet Captain Pervert.'' And we keep losing his computer's connection in Spain. - Un-lose it. - lt doesn't work that way. lt's true. The servers are down, we can't pick up his trace without them. Pick it up somewhere else. Look, we already know this guy is somewhere in Virginia, otherwise he couldn't have shown up at Braddock Mall. We also know he stole a car this morning from a home in Fairfax County. - Why didn't you think of that? - Me? What about you? - Can you find him or not? - lf he's in Fairfax-- Then we can match his computer's profile - against lSP node service in the area. - Maybe an hour, Gibbs. - Good, You have-- - Twenty minutes, l know. - We know. - l was gonna say 1 0. Look, we need to know where your son is, Mr. Geckler. Well, where does he usually hang out on Sundays? - <i>Braddock Mall and in an arcade.</i> - Okay. Well, if he gets home, tell him he can't leave, and you call me. Thank you. He appears to be a busy young man. He's also our only link to the commander. Not anymore. Give the kid's stuff to McGee. We found the pervert. Where? The computer he was using traces back to 23346 Maple Street. - Mr. Clown-Fish? - William Lafferty? Come on, let's roll. Just give me 1 0 seconds and l'll-- DiNozzo, we're in position. And all Ron does is spray. Ron, what if this gets on some area of our skin that we don't want it? - DiNozzo coming in. - Clear. Back of the house is clear, boss. Looks like this guy left in a hurry. - You think, DiNozzo? - And he won't be coming back. - Bleach. - He poisoned his fish? Because he couldn't take them with him. These fish were his prized possessions. lf he can't have them, no one can. Fits the profile of a malignant narcissist. - Spread out. - What are we looking for, Gibbs? Anything that will tell us where this freak went. Jason Geckler. My name's Special Agent McGee, NClS. Like l told your other agents, l'm not saying anything until my dad gets here. He's on his way. He also said that he expects you - to give us your full cooperation. - Yeah? And how do l know that you really talked to him? He wanted me to remind you that Winthrop Military Academy is still accepting applications. He would never send me there. lt kind of costs money, dude. Look familiar? lt was being used by two of your classmates, a Timothy Griffin and Daniel Austin. They said they got it from you. Did they, now? Well, l'll just have to be sure to thank them for that when l get home. Look, a woman's life is at stake here, okay? l need to know where you got the phone. Tim and Dan, they must be pretty scared of you, huh? What makes you say that? Come on. They're obviously geeks. We used to shove them into lockers, pull their gym shorts off in class, drop their books down the toilet. lt's even better if they start crying, right? Or wet their pants. Yeah, well, that too. You know what the best part is? When you get older, you're not gonna remember their names, but you know what? They're always gonna remember yours. That's pretty cool, huh? You know, l really haven't thought about it too much. Well, l have. You know why? Because l was one of those kids. And l've been looking forward to this day my entire life, dirtbag. But l didn't do anything. l got you for aiding and abetting a kidnapping, interfering in a Federal investigation and selling stolen property. You know what that means? That means they can try you as an adult, Geck. And when you're in prison, every night when you're crying yourself to sleep, l want you to think of me, tough guy. We're done here. - See you in court. - Wait, wait, wait. Look, l found it, all right? l can show you where. BOLO's out on Lafferty, boss. And his passport expired. He can't leave the country. - Yeah, Gibbs. - Boss, l just spoke with Geckler. He said he found the phone at around noon today. - Where, McGee? - The Braddock Mall parking garage. Lafferty must have driven her back there. - Where we going now, boss? - The mall. And they have a problem with my driving? Drop your weapon. - NClS. Get down on your knees! - Okay, okay. All right. - Put your hands on your head! - Okay. - You let me know if l'm hurting you. - lt hurts. lt hurts. Good. Squeegee gun? l was only trying to teach her a lesson. Ross Logan, boss. The man who runs Perverts Brought to Justice. l knew she was gonna confront Fleet Captain, so l followed her. You kidnapped her and locked her in the trunk of a car. To scare her. That's all. l came back. l was letting her out. Look, we have rules for a reason. Breaking them could get her killed. She's on her way to Bethesda in a coma, Logan. Hey! Look, l never meant for Amanda to get hurt. l'll be sure to tell her that if she lives. Why do you think l parked the car at the mall? - <i>l wanted someone to find her.</i> - Where's Lafferty? - Who? - Fleet Captain. - How would l know? - You were working with him. Are you insane? l've dedicated my life to putting perverts like that behind bars. You were driving his car. Because when l confronted him at the garage, the guy just took off. - Without his car? - They're cowards. lt's pretty common. Oh, really? ls it also common to kidnap your co-worker? l had to make a choice. We provide you with the transcripts of them soliciting sex from minors. We give you their names, their addresses, and you know what happens most of the time? You let them walk. - ls that true, McGee? - Well, the system isn't perfect. The punishment doesn't fit the crime. Personally, l prefer simpler ways of handling things. l don't suppose any of those ways are legal. So you decided to frame him? Amanda spends a few hours in a trunk, Fleet Captain spends at least 1 0 years in prison. That sounds like a fair trade to me. Look, monsters like Lafferty destroy lives. That guy deserves to be in prison. Be patient. You may see him there before you get out. This is classic. l go to jail while he's free to find a real 1 4-year-old. You think that's justice, Agent Gibbs? - Where's the boss-man? - Think he went home. He never leaves before l do. - lt's been a long Sunday, Abby. - Alrighty. Just got off the phone with Bethesda. Commander Wilkerson is a little dehydrated, but otherwise doing just fine. So you could say today would qualify as a success. Except we let a pervert get away. Gibbs went home with a child molester on the loose? - There's no way. - You're right. Then where is he? The paedophile's at the front of the line putting his bag on the belt now. - Get him. - <i>Roger that, Agent Gibbs.</i> - <i>Grab him.</i> - <i>l got him.</i> Let go of me! - <i>Come on.</i>