my coffee in the morning. Well, next time, go yourself. I was embarrassed ordering a non-fat, extra-foamy, added-shot hazelnut latte. Crew's going to be here in ten minutes. This thing going to be running? We're already two days behind. We don't need anymore delays. NCIS Season 7 Episode 03 The Inside Man V1.0 LOL Synchro: Gaillots & Aka. Rereading: Bruno & Magic Turtle. Well, I don't understand. Was something wrong? Sure, Wednesday will be fine. Can we do it earlier than later? Great... 9:00. Thank you. - Strange. - Is that for our benefit, McGee? We supposed to ask what's wrong? That was Polygraph. I have to take another test. You took your annual last week. They want me to retake it. You failed your polygraph? That's not good. No, I didn't fail it. They said I have to take it again. Why would you have to take it again? Don't ask, don't tell. You didn't make the mistake of coming out, did you? - I don't have anything to come out. - Stick to that story, McQueen. It has to be some kind of mistake. I'm sure it is nothing. This could be a career-ender. You better figure out what you did wrong, how you screwed up. Hey, boss, you ever fail your polygraph? Nope. Never took one. Come on, got a dead body. - Marine? - Nope. - Sailor? - Nope. Blogger. Matt Burns. Pond scum who's been kicking our ass on Internet? What happened? Don't know, but we're going to find out. Duck, you need me? It looks as if you're busy. It can wait. - I'll check with you when I get back. - Anything I can do from here? You still haven't been cleared for field work? I'm still waiting for my status to be clarified. Oh, sorry to hear that. That would really make me mad. Well, how about you? Are you asking as a friend or a forensic psychologist? After what you've been through, it must be really hard to readjust. Especially bound to that desk. But if you feel like talking, you know where to find me. Thanks, Duck. Get all of it. Got a print there, huh? You're NCIS. Nice scarf. Really brings out the color of your eyes. Thank you. Shouldn't be wearing on a crime scene. Loose fibers contaminated the vehicle. Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo. - Detective Megan Hanley. - It's your first crime scene? Yeah, it's a rookie mistake. We all made them. This is Special Agent Gibbs. This is Detective Hanley. Matt Burns' death may be related to our case. What can you tell us? Not much at this point. We know that he fell over the bridge a little after 6:00 a.m. He almost landed on some city workers. - He jump or was he pushed? - They didn't see what happened, but we found a shoe print that doesn't match the victim near the railing where he fell. Boss, this is Detective Sportelli, Metro Police. - He's in charge. - Special Agent Gibbs. This is a little awkward. Detective Hanley? Do you know they're from NCIS? - Yeah. - What did you tell them? I was just filling them in on what we know so far. Which doesn't sound like much, Detective. You ran the I.D. on the vic. What did you say he did for a living? He writes the blog. He's BeltwayBurns. He was trashing NCIS. Said they were involved in a cover-up of a naval officer's death. I wouldn't believe everything I read on Net. We're trying to tie up a case. Be nice to know if the deaths were connected. I have to maintain the integrity of this crime scene, Gibbs. I expect your cooperation. That includes investigating the possibility of an NCIS cover-up. Lieutenant Rod Arnett was a poster boy for the Navy. A scion of New England bluebloods and a star quarterback at Annapolis.</i> His tragic death at the age of 26, in a weekend car crash,</i> on the Pax River Naval Air Station was</i> investigated by Naval Criminal Investigative Service,</i> which was quick... - to declare the death an accident. - It was an accident. Jackass. My source from within the Pentagon says</i> NCIS is covering up the true story. Lieutenant Arnett was involved in insider trading from his position</i> as a public affairs officer in the Pentagon.</i> I can't take any more of this whack job. Go over everything on the Arnett case. There's a link between Arnett and Burns' death? You have to find out. You're not going to get any help on this from Metro. Why do get the feeling that Gibbs and Sportelli are going to come to blows? - Who is Sportelli? - He's the police detective who made the mistake of tugging on Superman's cape. Take a look at Burns' last post. "I'm about to meet a source who's going to blow the story wide open." - Who's the source? - I'm working on that. Back-trace Burn's IP address. This was sent through a cell tower near the bridge at 5:45 a.m. It's right before his death. Do you think Burns was killed because he was getting too close to the truth? Maybe he was knocked off by someone else whose life he ruined. There's a lot of 'em. Judge Thomas Victor... This is the one that put Burns on the map. Because of Burns, the judge withdrew his Supreme Court nomination? He destroyed the guy. Think I'll pay the judge a visit. You be careful. We're investigating Lieutenant Arnett. Burns is outside the purview of our case. "Purview." Did big bad Sportelli scare you off, McGee? "Press power, then reset." Excuse me, that's just what I did do. - Got a new toy, Duck? - Digital portable X-ray machine. It's going to be very useful, if I can just get the darn thing to work. I'd like to have a chat with the people that write these instruction manuals, but I don't believe we have a language in common. You wanted to see me. I wanted to check up on Ziva. She went through far more than we suspected. I tried to draw her out, but she doesn't want to talk. I was wondering, has she said anything to you? She will when she's ready. Something else? Lieutenant Arnett. I need you to review your autopsy file. Pressure from the director? Abby's reviewing the physical evidence. Got to make sure we're right. - So when'd you hear about Burns? - This morning. Haven't stopped smiling since. Yeah, I can understand that. Before that rodent crawled into my life, I was a respected Federal court judge, nominated to the Supreme Court. Now, I teach business law at community college. These kids can barely read, let alone write. Look at this. Who spells justice J-U-S-T-I-S-S? Burns accused you of plagiarism. Was that charge true? In preparing a speech, I borrowed some phrases from a book I read. Burns called it "plagiarism". And he was right. What I did was stupid. But the nomination could've survived it. But...? Burns was looking to make a name for himself. He accused me of infidelity, taking kickbacks, even went so far as to say I cheated in law school. They were fabricated charges from unnamed sources. It became embarrassing to me. And to the administration. I withdrew my nomination. I'm going to have to get back to you about that. Aren't you going to ask me where I was this morning, when Burns died? I'll leave that to the Metro detectives. - What's his name? - Agent DiNozzo. What are you doing here? - See ya! - Get outta here! The minute I heard about Matt Burns taking the header, I knew you'd be calling us back in. Well, SECNAV is all over us to clean this mess up. You were Arnett's CO. You saw no hint... of insider trading? It doesn't make sense. Why would Rod Arnett take a chance at being caught? He had family money, unlimited future. He was young, drove his sports car like a madman. It was a car accident. We're going to have to dig deeper. Lieutenant Summers, you were his project officer. - Did you ever ride with him? - Yes, sir. Once. He did drive pretty fast. What about Arnett's future? Was it Navy? His tour was over in a few months. He was fielding job offers that Harvard MBAs would envy. - How about his social life? - Don't know. Never saw him outside the office. Lieutenant, you know who he was close with? Not... really. We talked in the office. But I have no idea who his friends were or anything like that. Okay, explain to me why we're doing this again? What exactly does Gibbs expect me to find? You know Susan Grady in Polygraph, right? I did a metal stress test on the steering wheel and the suspension mechanism. Negative. The computer analysis of the ECU, it recorded the vehicle pushing 6,500 Rpms at 110 miles-an-hour when it rolled. You know Grady well enough to call and find out why I'm retaking my test? I already did a computer accident reconstruction... I was truthful, I was completely relaxed... based on the skid marks... - I was honest. I have no reason to lie. - And the victim's body. You're not listening to me. - This was an accident. - I guess we've determined that. But because of that creepy dead blogger who was spreading dreadful lies about us, we have to keep going over everything that we've already done. Abby, I'm really worried, okay? I've got to find out what's going on with this polygraph. McGee, I'm sure it's nothing. Have you ever heard of an agent having to retake their test? Special Agent Kirschner. He was gone before you got here. He was... he was let go. Your hunch was right. Going over Arnett's phone records, I tracked an unusual number of calls to and from Lieutenant Jessica Summers. Based on the volume and times of the calls, it suggests they were more than just coworkers. Fraternization in the workplace, never a good idea. The calls stopped abruptly about month ago. That's curious. Someone must have ended it. Why'd she lie? She said she hardly knew him. I'll make the call. Bringing in Lieutenant Summers. - Tonight, DiNozzo. - Aye, aye, Cap'n. There's something else I want to show you. I had nothing else to do, so I started going through BeltwayBurns' video archives A lot of the facts in the stories he has run are made up. This is from July 23rd last year. He was doing a piece on a congressman. Yesterday morning, I met in Atlanta with a member of the congressman's staff who told me of the assignation.</i> That is total salami. Baloney. At the time, Burns claimed to be in Atlanta, but his credit card records show that he was in DC, at the Willard Hotel bar, having martinis. - Yeah, boss? - Lieutenant Arnett's finances... Well, his brokerage accounts only show transactions from family trusts, and his one bank account has the deposits from his Navy lieutenant's salary and nothing else. If he had contact with any other financial institution, I can't find it. You lied. So you know about Lieutenant and me. What else do you want me to say? Who... broke it off? Me! Rod... because he was... seeing other women, and I found out. Can I go now? Sit. No way, honey bunny. He's not through with you. She knows more than she's telling. - I agree with you. - So what do you think? How's he gonna break her down? What's the style? He's leading with the "Creepy Uncle", but I think he's gonna go with - the "Father Figure You Can Trust". - No, that doesn't feel right. I am gonna go with the classic "In Your Face Gibbs, The Intimidator". I don't think so. You should know that we're working very closely with Metro Police. They have... given us complete access... to their files <i>and anything that they have on Matt Burns.</i> The old "You Lie To Me, I Lie To You". Didn't see that coming. I like it. We found notes in Burns' office with your name on 'em. Are you his Pentagon source? And now our little bunny rabbit doesn't know what to say. He swore no one would ever find out. Yeah, well... he lied. Why'd you go to Matt Burns? I was hurt. Rod had dumped me. Wasn't returning my phone calls... Arnett was trading on insider information? I think so. You think?! I re... I remember... the day after the press release of the McAllister Industries' contract, Rod came over with champagne. And when I asked what was going on, he said that he had... he had made a lot of money in the stock market. I could read between the lines. She just connected the two cases. Arnett's death is looking less like an accident. Maybe Burns was onto something. Which means we blew the investigation. I reviewed Lieutenant Arnett's autopsy as if I were an objective outsider. First the photographs, then the X-rays. I brought in a radiological consultant and had Abby redo the blood and tox tests. - What's more... - Duck, bottom line? Certainly. Lieutenant Arnett's death was accidental. Multiple traumas sustained in a car accident. I think you're gonna want me to take this. It's my counterpart, om Hubbard, the District M.E., returning my call. Hello, Tom. Well, actually, I'm in the middle of an autopsy. I have to say that or he'll talk my ears off. What's that? Metropolitan Police... have classified Burns' death as a homicide? Thanks, I owe you one... no, no, no, no old boy, my lips are sealed. You ever lie like that to me, Duck? Never. If the cases are connected, does that infer - that Arnett was also murdered? - We got our hands full. Anything else you can do? Well, if I'd retained Arnett's brain, I could perform further toxicology tests. Why didn't you? At the time, it wasn't warranted. It was a car accident. Look, for the tests, the tissue has to be prepared. It takes ten days. The Arnett family was putting pressure on the Director. They wanted the body for burial, and they wanted it intact. - Unbury it. - Jethro... We need it now. Get the Director involved. Use the full extent of his office to get the consent of the family. How you doing? Special Agent Gibbs and DiNozzo. - Sit down. - Thank you. Benjamin Franklin, Securities and Exchange Commission. I know, I don't look like an SEC investigator. Is that really your name? Yes. And I've heard every imaginable joke, so spare me. We've been receiving the same kind of heat you guys have since BeltwayBurns broke the story. I headed the investigation of Arnett. If he was inside trading, we couldn't find any evidence of it. How's it usually work? When a company is awarded a multibillion-dollar defense contract, its stock spikes. If anyone has advance knowledge, like Arnett did, they'd purchase an OTM, that's an "out of the money" call. Taking a bet that the stock will rise, and it only costs pennies on a share. A penny saved is a penny earned. Now, we checked out all the defense contracts released by CUINFO in the past 12 months that Arnett was in the office. There was only one OTM that showed any substantial profit. - You got a name? - Yes. Nice bifocals, Ben. An individual named Will Sutton. Now, he made $2 million on McAllister Industries' stocks. What do we know about him, Ben? Doesn't make any sense. He owns a small sandwich shop in the Adams Morgan District. We've had the guy under a microscope, but we can't find a connection between him, Arnett, the Navy or any other source of inside information. - Yeah. Gibbs. - <i>Gibbs, I need you to come down here...</i> Abs, slow down. I'll be right there. Get the information on Sutton. Oh, dear. I only take orders from one person: Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs. Unless he asks me to do it, it doesn't get done. I think that's gonna change, honey. Gibbs, make this awful man go away! What do you want, Sportelli? All the physical evidence from the Arnett investigation, including the car. We're denied access to your investigation, and you get all the evidence in ours? Since I have a Court order... yes. Give it to him, Abs. You're gonna have to sign the chain-of-evidence, honey. You know what? I'll take that. I hope you can look your boss in the eye and tell him you didn't blow it. - Hanley? - Coming. Here you go. I can understand the SEC asking me questions. Why the Navy? We're looking into the death of a Navy officer, Mr. Sutton. What's that gotta do with me? You made a killing on McAllister Industries' stocks right after they were awarded a multibillion-dollar defense contract, the dead officer we're investigating may have been involved in insider trading, so... I get lucky on a legitimate investment, and everybody's all over me. You know, if I lost money, nobody would give a damn. I got a box of losing lottery tickets... would you like to take a look at it? No. So you've never met or heard of Lieutenant Rod Arnett? Nope. Let me ask you a question. If you made 2 million in the market, what are you doing making sandwiches? 'Cause the SEC froze my funds until after they finish their investigation. They haven't found anything, they never will. I tell you, I catch one lucky break, it turns me into a nightmare. I've had to hire a lawyer... the guy's costing me a fortune. He's gonna see more money on this than I will. That pastrami looks great. You know how many connections I have found between Arnett and Sutton? Zero. I've checked everything. I have checked e-mails, phone records... Is that pastrami? Can I have a bite? This is my dinner. - You can have the pickle. - I don't like pickles. I know. These two guys couldn't be more different. One was a rich kid, the other dropped out of high school to support his... invalid mother. He makes a mean sandwich. We got Arnett. Academy graduate, single playboy, jock, part of the DC social scene. Now, you've got Sutton: married 15 years, three kids, two mortgages. Can't afford to live in the city, so he takes the train each day... an hour. Come on, man, you know I didn't have lunch today. These two live 60 miles apart. There is no discernable way they have met or have anything in common. I hope you choke on that. You know, disinterment is considered... a sacrilege or taboo by certain cultures, especially the ones who bury their dead. Gibbs thinks this is a necessary exception. In Southern China, for example, graves are opened after a period of one year. The bones are removed, cleaned, dried, and put in a ceramic pot for re-burial. The process is called <i>jiangu.</i> Exhumations are... - disturbing. - They are. Fortunately, Lieutenant Arnett has only been buried for two weeks. Who would want to steal Arnett's body? I don't know, but thank God, Matt Burns isn't around to put it in his blog. - Someone else'll fill the void. - This is really gonna give the conspiracy theorists a reason to believe we're covering up a murder. It's gonna get worse after I tell Sportelli. Do you have to? When was the last time you saw Arnett's body? The day after I did the autopsy. We released it to the... Heavenly Glen Funeral Home in Falls Church. They picked it up. On it, boss. Boss, I'm scheduled to retake that polygraph at 9:00 a.m. - I'll handle it. - Thanks. - Treat this like a crime scene, Abs. - Right. I'm looking for Special Agent Timothy McGee. He is out of the building on assignment. Tell him Agent Grady from Polygraph wants to see him. He missed his scheduled appointment this morning. I will make sure he gets the message. We picked up Lieutenant Arnett's remains from NCIS at 11:20 on the sixth of last month. He was brought directly here, where our mortician did a reconstruction of the deceased's face, which was severely damaged in the accident. We know. We worked the scene. Well, that evening, Arnett's immediate family had a viewing. I thought our mortician did a wonderful job. But they decided to have the casket closed for the funeral. It was sealed at 10:00 p.m. The mortuary closed at 11:00 and did not open until 7:00 the next morning. How was the casket delivered to Arlington? In our hearse... first to the chapel, then to the graveside service. Any idea how the body could have been removed? - None. - Who else has keys to the building? Myself, my brother, who is also my partner in the business, and... - our mortician. - No one else? Is there a security system? Of course. Excuse me for a second. I got a text from Ziva. Gunmetal metal. Nice. The polygraph examiner's looking for me. I guess Gibbs forgot. He's got a lot on his mind. Hey, come over here for a second. Come here. I got an idea. What? Hop in. - What are you talking about? - Just do it. - Why would I do that? - I take your picture, we send it to Polygraph, they think you're dead, you don't have to retake the test. Tony, that is not funny. They already think you're ducking them. It's only gonna get worse. I had totally forgotten about this, but early on the morning of the seventh, the security alarm went off. I was notified at home and met the patrol here. This is their report. We searched the entire building but found nothing missing. Dismissed the incident as a faulty alarm. Went off at 2:10 a.m. Security arrived on site at 2:30 a.m. There's a 20-minute window where someone could have removed Arnett's body. This coffin looks expensive. It is. It's top of the line. But it's, it's new. You know, factory-made. It has no personality. Mine, on the other hand, is like a Stradivarius... hand-crafted by a Bavarian artisan <i>circa</i> 1870. It never made sense to me to spend a fortune on something that's gonna be viewed for a couple of hours and stuck in the ground to rot. Mine has and will continue to provide me with hours of restful sleep and pleasure. - Did you find anything? - Prints? DNA? In fact, all four plates were meticulously cleaned with acetate. How strange. Why would someone take such precautions if the coffin was gonna be buried for all eternity? Ducky, this is cosmic. Two minds, one thought, that is exactly what Gibbs said when I told him. Burns pushed for the Arnett case to remain open by saying we made a mistake. He knew we would eventually be forced to exhume Arnett's body to prove his death was accidental. And when it was found missing, his blog site would explode. And Burns would become a celebrity, a regular on Anderson Cooper. And after that, Burns could say anything he wanted to about Arnett. - Dead man cannot defend himself. - You think Burns stole the body. - That is what makes the most sense. - I like it, how do we prove it? Boss, I got an idea. But I need to get a look at Burns's car in police impound. Like Sportelli's gonna let us do that. There it is. I could take care of the video surveillance... it's the canine patrol - I'm worried about. - Chillax, bro. All these budget cuts and economic problems, they can't afford dogs. Trust me. Are you sure that thing's gonna work? Yeah. It's my own personal concoction of oatmeal, mayonnaise, carpenter's glue. Perfectly simulates bird droppings. Us grown-ups use a different word for it. Used it very successfully in the Chesapeake team paintball finals last summer. Paintball? Cool. All right, so that's the camera you want to hit with your bird poop, McSniper. Nice shot. I'm impressed. All right, let's go. What's the matter? You sure there's no dogs in here? I don't see any dogs. I don't hear any dogs. So, no... there are no dogs! Come on. Do your thing. - All righty. - Sure you're gonna fit in there? There you go. Nice. That's like a yoga position. That's like a upside-down manatee. Doin' it... Put this up here... All right, baby, come on. This'd be a lot easier if I could pull the nav system and look at it in Abby's lab. Been a lot easier if Sportelli had just given us the car. Okay. Downloading. That sounds like a dog. You're such an easy mark. You're such a child. All right, we got it. - Get my tools... - Dogs, McGee. Dogs! Yeah, right. Real dogs! Get out of here, McGee! Big dogs! Big dogs! You said there weren't any dogs! Get to high ground! It's like <i>Turner and Hooch!</i> Or <i>K-9</i> with Jim Belushi! Run away, McGee! Down! Stay! I don't have the right shoes for this! Over here! Come to the fence! Come on! Come on! There you go! Come on up! Got it. Freeze! Release! Release! So close. I sent it to Abby. Well done. - Where'd you get those? - Off links. Poor little Timmy... he looks so scared. Why aren't you trying to bail them out? I don't trust Sportelli. - They'll be fine, Abs. - They're probably crammed in some cell where they're being tormented by perverts, - and addicts and murderers... - You analyzed the data from car? I did. It proves what Ziva suspected. Burns was parked outside the mortuary from 2:05 a.m. until 2:19 a.m. They risked their lives trying to get this information and you're going to let them rot in a jail cell? Where did Burns go after the mortuary? Seneca Creek Park in Maryland. Thank you. You're out! Did you know? Director handled it. Way above my pay grade. Don't get too comfortable, boys. We got a search team to organize. I just got a call from Tony. After searching all afternoon, They found Arnett's body. Great. That's all you have to say? Your theory was right. Burns stole the body. I would be doing cartwheels right now. Let's go celebrate. Let's get something to eat. Thanks, but I'm not hungry. My friend's band is playing at the Filibuster tonight in Georgetown. Come on. Girls' night out. It'll be fun. I have something I have to do, Abby. See ya. I'm sorry I missed our appointment yesterday. I came in early just for you. Thanks. I've been... on a... on a case, under pressure. You got me in trouble. I'm a creature of habit... I take the same train every day and the regulars gave me a hard time this morning. They were worried when they didn't see me yesterday. I need to make an adjustment. That got your... blood pressure up. All right, let's begin. I'm going to ask several questions. Some will be for control purposes and appear irrelevant. Please answer all questions - with a simple yes or no. - Yes, ma'am. Is your name Timothy McGee? - Were you born in Bethesda, Maryland? - Yes. - Have you ever been arrested? - No. Yes. Yesterday. It was on the case. - The Director... - Yes or no? Sorry. Yes. Do you live alone? Yes. Are you in a committed relationship? Okay. - Have you ever used... - Hold on a second. What? You said that you take the same train every morning? You don't get to ask the questions. - You ride with the same people? - Yes. What are you doing? Why-Why-Why are you taking... You can't... Excuse me. We're in the middle of an exam. I gotta reschedule. So, the fibers on the uniform Arnett was buried in are consistent with the trunk-liner carpeting of the make and model of Burns' Sedan. Now, if I could get a look at the actual car. Abs, I need to see the inventory of Arnett's personal effects. - Got to know if he had a rail pass. - Yes. Did you record the serial number? All right. Boss, we know that Lieutenant Arnett had inside information on McAllister Industries' stocks, we also know that Will Sutton made $2 million the day after the contract was announced. The SEC tried to connect both men, but they couldn't. What if they took the same train to work every day? - They didn't live anywhere near. - They don't. Sutton drives to the Shady Grove station every morning to take the Red Line into the city to his sandwich shop. It's a 55-minute ride. Now, Arnett commutes to the Pentagon by train. Gets on the Red Line at Bethesda. If they were regulars on the same train, they rode to work together every morning. Okay. I accessed the Metrorail data bank and I entered Arnett's rail pass number. He boarded the Red Line at Bethesda at 7:20 every morning. We need to get a look at Will Sutton's rail pass. You brought a friend. Must have liked the Pastrami. It was delicious. He's not my friend. You take the Metrorail to the city through Shady Grove, right? - Yeah. - Yeah. We need to see your rail pass. - Why? - You a Hitchcock fan? You ever see the 1951 classic, Strangers on a Train? Farley Grainger, Robert Walker? They meet in a club car, plot to exchange murders: "you kill my father, I'll kill your wife." They believed that no one be able to connect them to each other. You and Arnett were regulars on the same train. Got friendly, you came up with the insider-trading scam. You knew if the SEC investigated, they would never be able to connect you to each other. After a respectable amount of time, you'd split the $2 million profit. But you got lucky. Your partner died in a car accident and you got to keep all the money to yourself. You guys got quite an imagination. How about you let us see your rail pass? - How about I call my lawyer? - Innocent guys always say that. Your mistake was believing Matt Burns' blog. He was bluffing. He only had a tip on Arnett. He made the rest up. But you bought it. You panicked, you thought Burns was on to you. Anonymously contacted him, said you had information, arranged to meet at the bridge. - They're making all this up. - Yeah? Our good friends at Metro PD are working very closely with us. We've connected you to Arnett. Once we give them your name, they're going to connect you to Burns. They're going to backtrack every communication you ever had: e-mails, phone calls, the lot. We wrapped the case for you, Dan, show some appreciation. - I don't like the conditions. - Come on. We're handing over the guy who murdered Burns. Least you could do is drop the charges against my team. If this case doesn't hold up, deal's off. You got it. Take him. Hey, Hanley. I'll escort you down. Nice sweater. Where'd you get that? Stripes are nice. Boss... I better go down and reschedule this polygraph test. Don't bother, McGee. Nothing wrong with the first one. What do you mean? I think you made an impression on the examiner. I think she made an excuse to see you again. You want me to draw you a picture? No. I'm going to handle her, boss. Being stuck at that desk has given me a lot of time to think. Being a visitor here is wrong. What does that mean, Ziva? I need your signature on this. I want to be an NCIS agent. I don't even know if that's possible. You would have to resign from Mossad. Already have.