us here three hours ago, boss. I say we call it. I would love to but, he claims he has information on a terrorist attack, so here we sit. Like the guy last Saturday claimed his dog was a Taliban sympathizer? Why are we pulling this crap duty two weekends in a row anyway, boss? You know I'm wondering the same thing, Jim. I... Hold on. Hold on. Stand by. This is him. We're here. Where are you? Close. Meet me at 408 Millstone Avenue. I'll explain all inside. I prefer the meeting on the street. I do not. I'm a dead man if they see me talking to you. Who? The people no one can see. They are everywhere. Invisible folks. This should be fun. Find him, guys. I think we just did. Yeah, I got him. The sunglasses are a nice touch. How do you want us to handle this? Pick him up. I'll be right behind you. You got it. Team-NCIS.com presents : NCIS Season 4 Episode 19 Grace Period (LOL) Capture : Swsub.com Synchro : Gaillots@team-ncis.com Secret is to keep your front shoulder in as long as possible. Both eyes stay level on the pitcher, weight is back and you track the ball. And you wait. It's all about concentration. Anyone ever tell you you've got a cute butt? I'm sorry. Did I just ruin your concentration, Jethro? No, it was a lousy pitch. It happens. But you still haven't answered my question. Do you want me to teach you how to hit or not? Well, considering my CO just placed me in charge of our softball team, yeah. By all means, teach away. This end here, it goes up. I think I got that part. All right. Inside of your feet, shoulder width apart. Slightly bend the knees. Hands together, knuckles lined up. You teach everyone this way? Yeah. Fast or slow? Kind of depends on what mood I'm in. Okay, fast it is. You got to swing to hit it. I knew I was forgetting something. This thing go any faster? Yeah. Gibbs. Boss, a bomb took out two of Cassidy's people. Yeah, I'll be right there. I got to go, Hol. What happened to our spending an entire weekend together? I just lost two NCIS agents. Did you know them, McGee? Jim Nelson and I went to FTC together. I was at his wedding two months ago. This better not be another recall drill. I had floor seats for the Wizards this afternoon. It's Agent Cassidy's team out of the Pentagon, Tony. They were attacked. She okay? She survived. Her men weren't as lucky. Well, what the hell happened? That's what we're gonna find out, DiNozzo. Grab your gear. Grab your gear! Flags of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Saudi Arabia. What type of a store was this? McGee's working on it, Ziva. Their deaths were almost immediate if that's any consolation, Jethro. No, it's not, Ducky. No, it never is. All our agents' wounds appear to have been caused by shrapnel, specifically ball bearings and nails, the hallmark of a homemade device. All emanating from a central point of the floor. Now, this man appears to literally have been at the heart of the explosion. He was sitting on the bomb? He was the bomb, DiNozzo. Electrical wiring. Yeah. Explosive amputation of legs, arms and head. A suicide bomber. I don't suppose any of you have seen the head? Still looking for it, Ducky. Judging by the holes in the ceiling, we may have to try the roof next. Why blow yourself up in an empty store? It wasn't empty, Tony! She insisted on being part of the investigation. Talked to the landlord. Said he just rented the place to a nonprofit group. He's pulling the paperwork. Calling him now. It's my fault! It's my fault. It's not your fault, Paula. You weren't here, Tony! I've killed my team! Outside. Take it outside. DiNozzo, find me that missing head. Well, it's a drop ceiling, so the thing's probably wedged up there somewhere. Ziva, you're going head-hunting. I don't need a lecture right now, Gibbs. I really don't. I'm just bringing you this. Thanks. Tell me about the phone call at tip-line this morning. Anonymous, just a guy saying he had info on a potential terrorist attack. Did he name the target? No, but it was obvious it's us. I should have gone in with those guys! Well, yeah, then you'd be dead, too. It was an ambush. There was nothing you could have done. Would you feel the same way if it was your own team? Yes, I would. I have a tough time believing that, Gibbs. Yeah, well, the difference, Paula, is I wouldn't stop to grieve until I put the bastards responsible for this in the ground. What about you? You knew him. He was a good friend of mine. Seeing him like this... it's almost like... It could have been you. It almost was, McGee. We were supposed to work the hotline this weekend. Boss, you serious about that? What happened here?! Hang on! Hey! Who are you? We work here. For the Muslim Coalition For Peace. Yazeed, was he. Was he in here? We're supposed to help him paint this afternoon. I found it! Allah, Yihfidhna! You recognize him? Yazeed Fahad, our chapter president. Whatever happened to Gibbs' rule about not putting two suspects in the same room? More of a guideline. You are not listening to me, Agent Gibbs.</i> Yazeed Fahad was a man of peace! He condemned suicide bombers as cowards, agents of evil. And now you wish us to believe that he was one? He was wearing the bomb. Then he was forced to put it on. By who? The timing was not a coincidence. Yazeed organized a meeting with both Shiites and the religious leaders for this Friday. Clerics and holy men from five different Arab countries will be in attendance. All of them prepared to issue fatwas condemning the sectarian violence in Iraq. Their words could save thousands of lives. How many will attend if they find the man who planned it was a suicide bomber? Where were you this afternoon when your president was blowing himself up? Lunch, together. Where? We don't have to answer these questions. We're not criminals. Well, I think you should both get a good lawyer. - But we did nothing... - The Grace Street Diner. We were there between 1:00 and 2:30. They're only doing their jobs, Abdul. When they do, they'll see that Yazeed was innocent. I'm going to go with you. Gibbs wants you here, Paula. Why? Ask him. I cannot give you my name. Sir, we have standard procedures. If you want to stop this attack, you will have an agent to meet me. McGee? Is that you? How long have you been sitting there? Not long. I'm really sorry about Jim Nelson. I know you guys were really close. I wouldn't have graduated from FLETC without his help. Then we would have never met. Then maybe he'd still be alive. We were supposed to take the weekend shift. Those bodies downstairs should be us. Timothy... don't even think things like that, okay? Everything happens for a reason. I'm not even going to ask. Um, technically, that was a squatting hug. Or a... "squg," if you will, but I digress. Yeah, big-time. I have some paperwork to do. What have we got? I analysed and compared the two tip-line calls and the one this morning that Agent Cassidy got on site. Same caller both times, and I'm assuming that it's this guy, Yazeed Fahad. Can you tell us something that we don't know, Abby? Okay, how about this? He was in the Navy. And he was honorably discharged in 2004. The suicide bomber was a sailor. I wouldn't be too quick to rush to judgment on that, Agent Cassidy.</i> Jethro, could you come down here? There's something you really must see. It appears we have a bit of a mystery. I'm not entirely certain how our guest died. Well, it's kind of obvious, Duck. Yes, if I base the results solely on the damage to his body. Fortunately, we have this miraculously preserved head. And the rate of decay of his brain tissue doesn't even come close to the time of the explosion. I saw that guy walk through the door, Ducky. Well, Agent Cassidy, I don't see how that's possible. Our suicide bomber was dead at least one day before his bomb went off. You okay? I just got off the phone with Amy, Special Agent James Nelson's bride of two months. Correction, widow. Now I have to call Tom and Mary Hall. I don't like making these calls, Jethro. No C.O. does, Jen. I know, but... - What? - This isn't Iraq or Afghanistan. My people are not supposed to be killed by suicide bombers here. No, but they were, Director, and it'll happen again if you stand around here feeling sorry for yourself. I am not feeling sorry for myself, Jethro. I'm feeling sorry for the agents and their families. But you're right. I have a call to make and you have a terrorist to kill... catch. By the way, Ducky says the bomber was dead at least a day before he blew himself up. You might want to give that some thought. We swabbed his apartment, not a trace of explosives; he was a former sailor, president of the Muslim Society For Promoting Peace. Tony checked out his friends. Their alibi holds up. - They were at a restaurant... - Are you going to make a point soon? Yes. Who did you see entering the building yesterday, Cassidy? I'm not convinced that it wasn't this guy. I mean, how do we know that Ducky didn't make a mistake? - Tony? - 'Cause Ducky doesn't make mistakes. Which means what you saw yesterday was, by definition, mistaken. Look, even if he did die the day before, it doesn't mean he wasn't involved, right? She does have a valid point, Ziva. We don't even know what his cause of death is. For all we know, he could have committed suicide. A suicide bomber who commits suicide before his bombing? - I mean, that doesn't make any sense! - No, it doesn't. But it does raise an interesting point. Imagine if you will, ladies, an assisted suicide of a suicide bomber who suicided before his suicide bombing. It's kind of like how many chucks would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck... DiNozzo, what the hell is wrong with you? I am just trying to lighten the mood of the room a little bit, boss. I got a better way: leave. And take her with you. That works for me. That works for me too, David. "Daa-veed." Reevaluate the crime scene. Do not come back until you figure out how the guy she saw got out before the explosion. Are you getting soft on me, Officer "Daa-veed"? Look, I know what she's going through. Sometimes you need to find something or someone to focus your anger on. It's your only relief. Of course the drawback is, you know, that they tend to hate you for life. If it helps her get through it, I can live with that. I don't know how you work with her. - Well, I worked with you, didn't I? -  Funny. What do you think Gibbs would do if I slapped her? I'm more worried about what she'd do. You know, Mossad assassin and all. You don't think I could take her? I took you, didn't I? Technically you did put me down, but I distinctly remember the floor was slippery that day. Okay, I'll do the left, you do the right. Okay. You okay? It's a little dusty in here. Paula, you don't have to do this. We both know that I do. When did you start being so caring? I have always been caring. I come from a very caring family. The DiNozzos, in fact, are celebrated for their caringness. Right. Maybe I wasn't as caring once as I am now. And what brought that on? Or should I say who? Well, you get older, you change. What's her name? Please tell me it's not Ziva. It's not Ziva. Good. Her name is Jeanne. You love her? Yeah, I do, Paula. Wow, you really mean that. What's the problem? I can't tell her. Why can't you tell her, Tony? It's just three simple little words: "I love you". It's not so simple. We were on this climbing wall and she made a little bet. First one to the top gets to say "I love you". You lost on purpose. No, I won. And you didn't say it? You know, Tony, it's a "cliché", but it is true, life is too short to not tell someone you love them if you do. And you do. The NCIS tip-line received two calls on Sunday. If Yazeed didn't make them, one wonders who did. Whoever set up Cassidy's team, Abby. Yeah, it's a rhetorical question, McGee. Just, just work with me here. The NCIS phone logs show that both calls came from the same disposable cell phone. Are you going to tell me who, Abs? Well... no. But a third call was received by the tip-line on Friday two days before. It's an exact voice match to the calls that came in on Sunday. I must speak with an NCIS special agent. What is this regarding, sir? About someone I work with Yazeed. He's what, sir? I can't... I can't talk now. I'll call back. This one we can trace. It was logged from a company in Annandale, Virginia. Kertek Computing. They make software for disabled people. That's where Yazeed works. Worked, McGee, before he got himself all blowned up. Boss, if we can get samples of their employees' voices, we can match it to our caller. That's good work, Abby. Not bad yourself, Elf Lord. Yazeed is dead? You're sure of this? Very. How did this happen? Cause of death is still being determined. So you believe he was murdered. What makes you think that? Three federal agents in my office may have something to do with it. Mr. Abu Selom, what did Yazeed do here at your company? He was an instructor. He taught various classes on how to best utilize our software. We're going to need to speak to each one of your employees. As well as check out Yazeed's office and any computers he had access to. - You have a warrant? - I can get one soon enough. Maybe you won't need one if you just tell me why Yazeed is dead, Agent Gibbs. You watch the news lately? Yesterday? Right around this time? The policemen that were killed by the suicide bomb? They weren't police officers. They were NCIS Special Agents. That's us. Yazeed Fahad, he was the bomber. Oh, no. No. You can talk to whoever you like. Okay, let's try this a different way. How many seconds between our bad guy coming in here and the explosion, Paula? Maybe ten... twelve seconds. Not a lot of time for our bad guy to get out of here before this place was turned into The Killing Fields. It blew once my team closed the door. So where'd he go? There's no back door, there's no side rooms. How does a dirtbag just vanish into thin air? Gibbs is almost done with the interviews. What about you? Just finishing downloading all the folders Yazeed kept on the company servers. Any of them sound like the voice on the tip-line? Not to my ears, but Gibbs is recording them. Ah, they don't seem very pleased with us. Gibbs tends to have that effect on people. We develop the... Sorry, guys. None of these voices match our caller. Are you sure that was every male employee? All but one, Abby. Yazeed Fahad. Who couldn't have made any calls because he was dead at the time. We don't have a voice sample of his anyway. Yes, we do. This is one of his training DVDs. All right, you guys ready to give this a shot? 30 minutes ago, Abs. We had to compress the DVD audio to match the quality of the original phone calls - to make an accurate... - Come on, McGee, will you just do it? We're doing it. Okay, Yazeed's DVD audio is on the top, and the caller's is on the bottom. We have eight key words from each soundtrack. But if Ducky was right about Yazeed's time of death... This has been a whole lot of work for nothing. Okay... And... meet... people... invisible... listen... close... suspect... back... It's an exact match. Yazeed made the phone calls. But how is that possible? I never thought I would say this, but Ducky was wrong. Yazeed was still alive when Cassidy's team walked into that building. Evidence cannot tell you two completely contradictory things at the same time, McGee. No, it can't... except when it does. It doesn't make any sense! Well, perhaps you need a fresh pair of eyes. What do you have so far? Yazeed Fahad, a former American sailor called our tip-line to warn of a pending terrorist attack. Yazeed set the meet here, a building with only one way of getting in and out. Agents Hull and Nelson followed him into the building. Both of them died seconds later when Yazeed activated his suicide vest. According to Ducky, he had been dead for a day. How can that be? Well, you can't blow up a dead man, McGee. True, but Abby has proof Yazeed was talking to Cassidy seconds before the explosion. Someone micking his voice. Audio forensics say it's an exact match. And there's no other way out of the building? No. We covered every inch of it. He's like Shrödinger's cat; alive and dead at the same time. Existing in a super position. It's quantum physics... theory. When faced with a situation like this, the solution's obvious. One of them's wrong. I was going to use the term "mistaken", but yes. So we have to choose between Abby and Ducky? I'd rather be McGee's cat. So which one are you leaning toward? Neither. My money's on DiNozzo. I let you down. I give you my word, I'm gonna get this bastard. Who are you talking to? No one, me. I got the goodies: cigar, paper towel, water and a candy bar. That one's for you. Can I have the cigar? Well, I need it. If there is a secret passageway in here, I'm finding it. How are you gonna do that? I saw it in this old monster movie. This guy... is trying to find his girlfriend in some evil scientist's castle. Now don't move... too much or talk. And if there are any gaps in these walls, then the air pressure should suck some smoke through 'em. DiNozzo, we checked this wall. It's solid brick. You ever hear of a secret passageway? No, this wall shares with the building next to it. How could there be a passageway? Okay, Paula, a secret door, then. All right, we're running out of daylight. I'm gonna be in the car. Special Agent Cassidy... check this out. I'm gonna go get a pry bar from the trunk. I can't believe that. Believe that. All right, DiNozzo, it's time to get serious. You're messing with a buckeye. You want it, I'll bring it. I'm from Ohio. One, two. I thought I'd just check it from this side. This thing is cool. Are you okay? It's a old college football injury. That do close kind of fast, don't it? It wouldn't be much of a secret door if it stayed open long now, would it? Tony, look. The guy that I saw was wearing mirrored shades this shape. He probably dropped them hauling ass from the explosion. Congratulations, you did see him. Means you're not crazy. Not yet at least. Ah, Mr. Palmer, did you manage...? You want to see us, Duck? Did you pass Mr. Palmer on your way down here? - No. - I swear, every time I turn my back these days that young man is running off somewhere. Well, you should try smacking him in the back of the head. - It did wonders for DiNozzo and McGee. - Well, I did. Mr. Palmer seemed to enjoy it. I'll remember that. I apologize for the delay in determining the exact cause of Yazeed's death, but the bomb didn't leave us much to work with. Thankfully, his brain survived relatively unscathed. My first clue was the massive accumulation of lactic acid in its cells. This normally occurs when the brain is forced to obtain energy by anaerobic glycolysis. Yeah, naturally, Duck. I had a series of CAT scans done to confirm my suspicions. These dark areas show the most brain damage, all areas associated with rapid and sudden loss of oxygen. - He was suffocated. - Yes. You have enough left to tell me how? Oh, yes. Yazeed was suffocated with a silicone-based substance that was forced into his mouth and nose, allowed to harden and then removed. Whoever did it was probably trying to make a mask of his face. Abby says it's latex. Abby also says you're wrong. So I've heard. Only I'm afraid it's the other way around. This man was dead long before his bomb went off. I'd stake my career on it. - You guys miss me today, Abs? - Why, where were you? Never mind. Of course I did, Tony. Sorry. Are you okay? Cassidy hit me. If I'd punched him, Abby, he wouldn't be standing. Never lie to a woman, Anthony DiNozzo. What do we got, McGeekle? Well, Ducky is still saying that Yazeed was dead when the bomb went off, and Abby is saying he was alive. - What did Gibbs say? - Where the hell have you been, DiNozzo? Solving the mystery of the vanishing dirtbag, boss. Yeah, well, it took you long enough. He... found a secret passageway into the store next to it. It was actually quite impressive. Turns out both places were part of a magic joke shop that closed down about 20 years ago. So I was right. You didn't see Yazeed enter the building. Thank you for pointing that out... - Officer David. - "Daa-veed"! But now we know we're looking for another man, and... we're hoping, praying that you can pull a print off that. If there is a print, if there is a fiber, if there is a drop of dried sweat I will find it. Not bad. Hey, boss... I got a question for you. That thing you said yesterday we were really supposed to have the weekend duty Cassidy's team took? - Yep. - How'd we get out of that? I asked. So that really could have been us? It could have been us every single damn day of the week. Sometimes it has been. You want to worry about something? Worry about tomorrow. Going off to war, Gunny? You trying to get rid of me. I haven't decided yet. Well, while you're thinking about it, why don't we pound down some of that chow? Spoken like a true Marine. I heard what happened. Anything I can do? Yeah, chopsticks? Anything else? Soy sauce. You're not gonna talk about it, are you? Nope. Got it. I had a very good time at the batting cage. Yep. It was fun. We should do that again sometime. Yeah, we should. Too bad our schedules are polar opposite. Must be a CID/NCIS thing. Well, someone's got to keep the wolf away from the door. That's why I've been thinking. Coming up on my 20-year mark next month. - Congratulations. - Yeah. You're right in the zone for full-bird colonel. I'm thinking about retiring, Jethro. Settling down, you know, making some time for the people in my life. So what do you think? - Where's Gibbs? - We found him. - Who? - That dirtbag who took my team into that slaughterhouse. Gibbs, Gibbs, Gibbs, Gibbs! We got a fingerprint match off the piece of mirrored sunglass lens that Cassidy and Tony found. Salman Umar we interviewed him yesterday at Kertek Computing. I got two fulls, a right index and a forefinger and I got a partial on the left thumb. I also found his home address and a couple of his uncles that lived in... Be safe. Low and slow, McGee. Take the rear exit and don't spook him. We take him alive. Find out if he's working with anybody else. I don't get an answer from you, Cassidy, I'll take your weapon from you right now. Alive. Alive, I got it. I got it. Well, Special Agent Gibbs, has there been some development? Need to ask your employees a few more questions. You already cost me a full day's work yesterday. Oh, damn it. NCIS! Everybody get down! On the floor! Now! We had no choice, Gibbs. If we had not acted, he would have shot someone. We had a choice. I could have left her back at NCIS. He was carrying this. I want to know why. Yeah. It's Arabic. Read it. "A covenant from Mecca sponsored by the Muslim Coalition for Peace". The flyer for the conference on Friday. You think he was planning on attending? I doubt that, Officer "Daa-vid". Umar was quite vocal about his feelings toward Shiites. He used to argue quite a bit with Yazeed on how they were destroying Iraq. Well, it would have been nice to have known that yesterday. People have a right to their own opinions, Agent Gibbs. His were usually ignorant and colored by his own prejudice. - Still, I can't believe that he would... - That he would kill over them? Apple, toast... Boss, you should see this. ...pig, giraffe, Yankee, white. Is it me or does this sound like Yazeed Fahad's voice? Turn it up. ...Holland, black, display, results, oriented. What the hell kind of program is that, McGee? V.S. Twelve. It's still in development. It's a vocal simulation. It allows disabled people who can't talk to converse in a natural sounding voice. Just like Stephen Hawking, you type and the computer says the words. Yes, but ours uses a 3D model of the vocal chords to resonate cavities in the head creating a lifelike sound. Umar was our main programmer. Would explain how Yazeed was making phone calls from the dead, right? But I don't see how he could have done it. It would have required a CAT scan of Yazeed's throat and mouth. For a terrorist whack job, Omar is an amazing programmer. Amazing enough to fool me. This recreates Yazeed's voice flawlessly. Now you know why you found traces of latex</i> in my throat and mouth, Abby. Well, yes, I do, Yazeed. What about you, Tony? And I like your shirt, by the way. It's sexy. Thanks, it's from the George Peppard Collection, I'm... Abby. Sorry. Sorry. Umar didn't need a CAT scan for Yazeed. He poured hot latex down his throat and cast a mold. All he had to do was laser-scan it into his computer, input the results into the program. Mystery solved. Umar was who you heard type-talking on the phone, Paula. The guy that I saw was not carrying a laptop and typing. I would have definitely noticed that. Means he wasn't working alone. Hey, Gibbs. Why no Caf-POW? I'll shut up now. Your team was set up, but they weren't the target. Yazeed was. They were trying to stop his Sunni-Shia peace conference. By turning him into a suicide bomber? It almost worked, Paula. But luckily for us, Yazeed lost his head, literally. We don't know that it didn't work. At this point, who's going to show up to this thing? You'd be surprised, Cassidy. We're not the only ones who refuse to bow down to terrorism. They're going ahead with the conference anyway? Now that we've cleared Yazeed. But we only got one of them. What if somebody else tries to stop it? We kill them, Abby. We catch them. - That's the preferred term. - I like hers better. If there are still any holdouts, I will personally call and offer reassurances that Yazeed Fahad was the victim of a terrorist bombing and not the perpetrator. I'm sure a reassurance from you will encourage people to attend, Director. This incident has only strengthened our resolve. And made your peace conference a major target. All the more reason for us not to back down, Agent Gibbs. That's why we're going to help. I have contacted the FBI and Metro Police, and they've agreed to increase security at your conference. I will also be assigning agents for close protection of the senior clerics that will be attending the event. - Bodyguards? - Where they go, we go. Yazeed always spoke highly of his time in your Navy. - Now I can see why. - We are in your debt. If your event lessens or ends the insurgency in Iraq, it is us who are in your debt, gentlemen. Thank you for your support, Director. Thank you. Sheik Abu Talid Yusef, the senior Sunni cleric in attendance. He's yours for the day, Tony. Sheik Ali Bashir, the senior Shia cleric is Cassidy's, and the most senior cleric at the conference is Imam Abdul Al-Maliki. He's mine. Ziva floats between all three, depending on the situation. The quickest way to stop the conference is to target one of these men. Well, we're not gonna let that happen. Boss, what about me? Yeah, right. Almost forgot. Names of everyone attending: run them down. Look for any links to terrorist groups. There looks to be over 300 names here, and the conference starts in less than six hours. Yeah. Why you still standing there, McGee? Right. We pick them up at their hotels one hour before? No. A little change of plans. We pick them up now. A little field trip. They want to hold a ceremony for Yazeed and Cassidy's team. What kind of ceremony? - A memorial. - Where? Where they died. I've never been much for praying, but... after this, I'm... Hall and Nelson were good men. They were the best. I could have saved them. Paula, that's not true. I could've turned down the weekend duty, Tony. There's just no way we should've had it two weeks in a row. It was supposed to be us. "Us" what? It was our team that was supposed to take it. Oh... I mean, doesn't matter. Nothing does. I was supposed to be in here. I know it. But... here I am. Very clever. This side is clear. I didn't think anything could make you jump, Officer "Daa-vid". That was merely a reflex. In America, we call that jumping. In Mossad, we call that the difference between life and death. I'm just going, I'm going to let, Gibbs know that we're... we're clear over there. Something wrong? It was supposed to be us. But it wasn't. Nope. Not this time. Abs, hey, you wanted to see me? I really need your help with this, McGee. Gibbs has me running down the names of over 300 people attending - a conference, I... - Now, McGee. Okay, we know that whoever was helping Umar was using that computer to re-create Yazeed's voice. I know. I'm the one who found the program. So his fingerprints could be on this keyboard, but the problem is, so are everybody else's who ever typed on this thing,and they're all...  mashed - on top of each other, look. - So you're hand-tracing them? Well, I'm isolating the "J" and the "F" keys because that's where you would park your fingers when you're waiting to type. Okay, what do you need me to do? I just... I need you to look at this. I need you to check my work because I'm getting dizzy from staring at it for so long. Okay. How long is this supposed to take, boss? Longer than if you helped them set up, DiNozzo. When this thing starts, I want you out front, Ziva. What about me? I didn't bring you here for security. Look, I know I screwed up at Kertek Computers, - but I'm... - Say a prayer for your team, Cassidy. We'll take the heavy lifting on this one. Green one's definitely Umar. The other two are less defined. Probably going to take a while for... You were saying, McGee? How'd you get three potential matches so fast? Because these fingerprints were taken from the first crime scene. Looks like it was someone who was helping Yazeed paint the place. This was Yazeed's dream. To show the world that these terrorist groups do not speak for us. We thank you for making it a reality. At least something good's going to come from all of this. Yeah, Gibbs. Put your hands on top of your head. - Boss?! - It's one of them, DiNozzo. The prints on Umar's laptop match the painting gear. What laptop?! - Where's Jamal Malik? - He was here a minute ago. Ziva, it's Malik! Find him! Behind you! Paula! Allahu Akkbar! Everybody hurt sometimes . Everybody cries. Everybody hurts. I love you, Jeanne. Sometimes. [song of R.E.M.] Everybody hurts. Sometimes.