we got free local phone calls, daily in-room coffee and an AM-FM radio. - ls it clean? - Of course, it's clean, Lillian. Well, the last time we were here, l saw a cockroach, Albert. That wasn't a cockroach. All of the sudden, you're an expert? l'm an entomologist, 32 years. l think l'd know a cockroach if l saw one. l assure you, our rooms are maintained to the highest standards of-- Cockroach habitability? l was gonna say cleanliness and neatness. However, if you folks are unhappy with the room in any way-- Stay single. Just let me know and l can see about getting you an upgrade. l think we'll take that upgrade. ln my opinion, the risk of serious injury is substantial. l agree. But there are protocols that have to be followed. Which are useless if it doesn't impart a tactical advantage. Don't underestimate appearances. l have known entire missions to fail because an asset didn't button her lapel properly. l see your point. So we are in agreement? - Heels. - Heels. l hate court. Your sacrifice is noted and appreciated. Let's talk outfits. l say you just go with the heels. Was that inappropriate? Sorry. Nice Jimmy Choo's there, Abs. Can we help you, Agent DiNozzo? Yes, l've come to collect Officer David. Boss got the Bat-signal. l showed up just in time. Another minute and you guys would've been braiding each other's hair. And who knows where that can lead to, Tony. - Where are we going? - Little Creek. - Little Creek Base? - lt's a off-base Navy lodging facility used mostly by TDY personnel and visiting family. Apparently, there was some kind of bloodbath. Mondays. What's the body count? Who said anything about a body, DiNozzo? Redrum? All we're missing is a kid on a Big Wheel and a man in a bear suit. And in your head that makes sense to you? Yeah, it's <i>The Shining</i>, Ziva. Now that you mention, what was that guy doing in a bear suit? l'm just saying that this wouldn't have happened at the Marriott. Excuse me for not checking the axe-murderer policy. Did you request this specific room when you called the lodge? No, we requested the one with the eviscerated squirrels, but this is all they had. What the hell kind of question is that? Our last one. Did l mention we have over a hundred channels in crisp, clear cable? Talk to me, DiNozzo. Occupants checked out two days ago. Room was cleaned yesterday, - then locked tight. - No sign of forced entry? No, but a previous guest could have kept the key. We're going over lists. - Field test says the blood was human. - We don't know what parts those are. Dr. Mallard is still working on the bathroom. l'd take an umbrella if you go in there. lt doesn't make sense, does it, boss? lf it's a prank, it should be animal blood. lf it's a Satanic ritual, where are the pentagrams? Could've been an interrogation out of control. Or a drug deal gone bad. Look at this. How bad does a drug deal have to go for you to leave the drugs behind? Find out what happened here. l know something of what happened. All this scattered, organic detritus is human fascia, fibrous connective tissue that anchors skin to muscles. lf you look closely you see neither skin nor muscle. Yeah, l'll take your word for it. All of this tissue was skilfully extracted, possibly during extensive post-mortem procedure. Someone was dissected here, Duck? More likely three someone's. And whoever the guilty party is, he didn't get his technique from the lnternet. You're looking for a trained medical practitioner. Well, no doctors or surgeons stayed at the lodge in the last two months. Now checking surrounding ho-- Hotels. You missed again, Tony. Did l, McGee? Remember, goals are deceptive. The un-aimed arrow never misses. What kind of loser wrote that? - l think it's good advice. - Really? Well, then l have the perfect one for you. ln great attempts, it is glorious even to fail. Didn't Vince Lombardi say that? l'll hold onto that one. But the rest of these are worthless. Nice calendar, McGeek. - Hey. - Relax, this stuff will melt your mind. lt's not good for you. Makes you weak. Tony, it was a gift. From who? Your wet nurse? No. From me. lt's a nice calendar, boss. Anybody find me my doctor yet? Not yet. But we do know how he got in the room. A maid had her master key stolen two days ago. - She see anything? - No. l ran prints from the crime scene, 1 5 total, all from registered guests. - Only two were in the area last night. - Bring them in. Unfortunately, they both have airtight alibis. Looks like the un-aimed arrow missed after all. Now that amateur hour is over, l draw your attention to the plasma screen in the middle of the room. Psychopathic blood splatter, usually randomly scattered. Take a look at the drips on the wall. lt's a little Jackson Pollack, but notice anything? They're emanating from a central point. Step off, McFlower Power. You've had your chance to speak. They're emanating from a central point. Then there's the TV. lt looks like it was knocked off the bureau in a struggle of some sort, right? Except that Abby found CRT shards in a bath mat. So? So, Dr. Giggles laid the television on the floor, covered it with the bath mat to muffle the sound, and broke it. Crime scene was staged, boss. Victims were killed someplace else. - Where? - What, l gotta do all the work? - l'm gonna get right on that. - Do that, DiNozzo. You're doing most of it anyway. l think it best to start with a corner piece, Mr. Palmer. - Doctor? - Haven't you done a jigsaw puzzle? You always start with the corners. - May l suggest the plantar fasciae. - The feet? Yes, and then build it up from there. The anterior fasciculus-- Of the ankle. And then the fascia crusis of the lower calf. Well, thank you, doctor. That's a very helpful analogy. And a fitting one too, considering the original term for jigsaw puzzle was ''dissected maps.'' So named by the Europeans in the late 1 760s. They used to take maps and cut them up into irregular pieces for their children to reassemble. - Hello, Jethro, right on schedule. - That predictable, Duck? - That thorough. - Are we still talking three bodies here? Well, that's why we call it ''preliminary findings.'' Actually, we have the remains of at least four individuals and perhaps considerably more. At first we thought there might be a serial killer. Not that that is a good thing. Unfortunately, Mr. Palmer's private hopes were dashed when l noticed in our latest meat puzzle, traces of vascular tissue. lt's exactly what you would see if you looked into a medical disposal bin after surgery. That is, if you cared to look. Which apparently our perpetrator did. Are you saying these are medical waste? lt explains the precision of the incisions. All or these pieces of tissue were removed by a surgeon, disposed of, rescued, and then put on display for reasons-- Well, l will leave you to ponder. - We're being set up. - So it seems. But set up for what? Sigmund Freud, eat your heart out. McGee, no lurking without a permit. Sorry. Just checking to see if you finished the analysis on that powder yet. Field test said it was cocaine, but-- l told you l was gonna e-mail you the results when l was done. Yes. Don't you have court today? l'm finished. All l had to do was give a deposition. So don't have to go back or anything? McGee. You came all the way down here to see me in my court suit. - No. - You totally did. - No, l did not. - Your mouth lies, but your red ears are telling the truth. - What? What's wrong? - Do you smell that? No. lt's almonds. We have to get out of here. - What's going on? - Cyanide gas. Hydrogen cyanide gas. Another three minutes in here, game over. How did this happen? Abby said the coke was bad. Contained potassium cyanide, which turned gaseous when she added the-- The acidified cobalt thio... - Cobalt thiocyanate. - Cobalt ''cyothianate.'' Yeah, from her drug test kit. So this was an accident. - Abby doesn't have accidents. - Abby also doesn't have enemies. l mean, it's not like we're talking about Agent DiNozzo. Hey. - Ma'am. - The crime scene was a setup. And right now Abby's our best lead. While she and McGee were in the showers, Ziva and l took a walk through the world of Sciuto. Our mistress of the dark is keeping secrets from us. This is so embarrassing. Okay, in my defence, what self-respecting drug dealer cuts its cocaine with potassium cyanide? Obviously one that doesn't care about repeat business. Luckily, your exposure to the gas was brief. l don't anticipate any long-term ramifications. Better not be. You two don't have permission to be sick. We're fine, Gibbs. The only damage done was to my ego. lt was a newbie accident. What? We're not so sure it was an accident, Abs. ''Not sure'' meaning what? We think whoever set up the crime scene might be after Abby. Me? Who would wanna kill me? l mean, Tony l understand-- Hey. The name Mikel Mawher ring a bell? lt should. He placed over 200 phone calls to you in the last four months. One of them right before the accident. - You went through my records? - And your credit card bills. Did you really buy this guy Mawher a straitjacket for his birthday? - Okay, slow down. - lt sounds like you two were serious. Until she filed a restraining order against him. l'd say the straitjacket was a red flag there, Abs. How come we never heard about this gentleman? Okay, l dated him last year and things just got a little out of hand. - Did l mention the restraining order? - Okay, a lot out of hand. Why didn't you come to me, Abby? Because, Gibbs, l wanted him restrained. l didn't want him beaten to a pulp with a baseball bat. And l'm embarrassed. lt wasn't great taste in boyfriends. Yeah, l saw the Web shrine dedicated to you. - www.myhotdarkangel.com. - Okay, it's creepy. But that's not dangerous. He just can't accept that it's over between us. But he's not a violent type. The guy cleans up crime scenes for a living, Abs. l know. That's what l liked about him. But l'm telling you, Gibbs, he's not your man. You're gonna pay him a visit anyway. Could you pick up my red studded dog collar when you're there? ''Free decomposition odour removal included in all double homicides.'' l can see why she fell for the guy. They even have the same taste in music. Hey! You ruined my shot. l take that back. Not bad. l'm actually redoing my before and after shots for my new brochures. You know, ''name the crime scene, we wipe the grime clean.'' So, what do you got, huh? Huh, sub accident? Explosive decompression? Never worked with NClS before. Yeah, the restraining order probably made that kind of difficult, huh? Yeah, l don't know what you're talking about. The only reason you're able to walk is because l never heard about you until today. Okay, that restraining order. Look, this is not necessary, okay? All right, l shouldn't have called her earlier. l just wanted to apologise. You got something to apologise for, do you? Yeah, l was a little crazy before. l was in therapy. Okay, l found that l was projecting my own obsession onto Abby, and therefore she did not wanna reciprocate it. l wanted to call and apologise for any pain and suffering l put her through. - ls Abby in some kind of trouble? - You tell me. Oh, my God. Look familiar? No. But for two grand l can make it look-- - Hey. - Okay, look. l don't know what you're talking about. Okay, l'm cured now. l'm good. l'm on antidepressants. l have a new girlfriend. Well, now all you need is an alibi for the last two days and you're golden. Well, then l'm golden, you know? lt's been drive-by central since the full moon, man. - All the crazies are out, you know? - And that makes you golden how? Because l've been with DC Metro for two whole days. That's why. The lunar effect is a myth. There is no statistical correlation between the phases of the moon and human behaviour. That's why it would never work with us. Because the lunar effect is a myth? No, because l'm a scientist and he plays with voodoo dolls. But you play with voodoo dolls, Abby. l meant it metaphorically, McGee. l don't think they actually do anything. l play with them, you know, to relax. Well, it looks like you can put away your Mike Mawher doll, then. Metro confirmed Mawher's alibi. He cleaned eight crime scenes over the past four days. Been surrounded by homicide detectives the entire time. Did any match what we found at the Navy Lodge? Nope. Not even close. Then l'm off the hook. Not necessarily. He could've had an accomplice. Oh, leave it to the assassin to rain on my parade. Or maybe it was just a lab accident. l mean, really, who would wanna kill Abby? That's true. lt's not like someone was after Tony. Now, that's a suspect list l wouldn't want to run down again. - l think the joke's over. We get it. - And our suspect list, Ziva? We don't have one. But l can contact the local medical-waste facilities, - see if anyone reported a break-in. - DiNozzo. l'll background check the lodge employees. Maybe someone's got a vendetta against the cleaning staff. - McGee. - Well, l can-- l can go check on-- Boss, l'm not really sure what l should do. Go home. Take Abby with you. Gibbs, l'm fine. l only have one stalker and he has an alibi. l don't want you to be alone tonight, Abs. - You're going with McGee. - Great. Like l haven't been traumatized enough today. Nothing like a nice, relaxing video game to calm the nerves. Pretty good, huh? l've seen better. Did you change your refresh rate? l downloaded new OpenGL drivers for you. You're getting a way higher FPS now. But l was in the bedroom, like, a minute. l also optimized your TCP/lP settings. lncreased your throughput by 50 percent. Bedtime. l am going to take the sleeping bag. We're adults, McGee. We can share the same bed. lf you promise to keep your hands to yourself. Clearly you haven't been. Your shirt smells like JLo Glow. l can't find my toothbrush. l think it fell out in your car. That's all right. Your old toothbrush is still in my bathroom. You kept my old toothbrush? That's a little creepy, McGee. Maybe you should take the sleeping bag. What is creepy about it? l just never bothered to throw it out. - What? - This is not my toothbrush. Well, then l must have bought a second one and forgot about it. lt's a ladybug toothbrush, McGee. That's for cute girls named Gina Marie that bake cookies and wear JLo Glow. Not for a quasi-manly federal agent who carries a gun. You wanna use it or not? An anonymous toothbrush? l would rather remove my own tonsils with Typhoid Mary's straight razor. - Where you going? - To get my toothbrush. No, no. You're not leaving the apartment. Why not, McGee? We both know Gibbs is just being over-protective. l'm not worried about you. l'm worried about me. - and if Gibbs finds out l let you leave. - That's a good point. You go. l am not leaving you alone, either. Fine, then. l'll just use your toothbrush. Don't open the door for anyone. - What? - l told you not to open for anyone. - What'd you forget? - My keys. - Why do you need keys if l'm here? - My car keys. Now listen to me. You do not open the door. Okay? - Not for anyone. Or l will tie you up. - Really? Hi, Abby. l forgot how beautiful you are. - l mean, up close, l mean. - What are you doing here, Mikel? - You're in terrible danger. - l got that. - Oh, no. l'm here to save you. - What are you saving me from? How could you ask that after what happened? Oh, right. My lab. - How did you know about that? - Can we not do this now? Wait. There you go, playing the frightened victim again. - McGee! - Could you not cast me as a stalker? - Believe me, the role is yours. - Well, l'm sick of it, okay? l thought almost dying would make you realise how much you cared about me and how much l care about you. But l realise l was wrong. Maybe l was foolish for trying and trying and trying. But l'm telling you, you're gonna thank me. Okay? You still carry the handcuffs l gave you. That's really great because l still have the key. l'm never picking up a guy in a cemetery again. Listen, Abby, l just wanna start over. Mikel, go away! We had fun, didn't we? Until you bugged my phone, you nut-job. Well, l could pick a lock too. You forgot about that. McGee. Nothing on the statewide BOLO yet. Get off your knees. lt's just a typewriter, McGee. No ATM transactions. Hasn't touched his credit cards. Was a typewriter. And she messed up my motherboard so badly, the BlOS got screwed up and l had to do a hard reset. How traumatizing for you, McGee. Go easy on him, boss. Even a hair out of order traumatizes McGee. Put this on the plasma. - Where's your chair? - He doesn't deserve to sit. With that ass? Didn't find Mawher, boss. Guy's totally disappeared. But l found this in his apartment. He's been tracking her for a while. - So much for that restraining order. - l spoke to his supposed girlfriend. They went on one date, he talked about Abby. l'll find out more. We're having dinner. No, you don't eat until you find the guy trying to kill Abby. Boss, actually, l have an idea about that. l've been analysing the incoming packets on Abby's system. There appears to be a shellcode. l think that Mawher's been worming into Abby's computer to monitor her communications. - You think you can trace the worm? - lf he tries to access it again, yeah. Coordinate with Abby. Boss, you're gonna have to try and get her out of the elevator first. Hey, Gibbs. Did you know that only five of the two and a half million deaths every year occur in elevators? No. Ziva gave me this. And Cynthia gave me the pepper spray. The knuckles are Director Shepard's. No one is going to hurt you, Abby. You're just saying that to make me feel better. Did it? Yeah. Can you say it again? Nobody's gonna hurt you, Abs. Can l stay at NClS until you catch him? l'll move your whole lab into the elevator if it'll make you feel better. - Singapore has infiltrated Abu Saif. - Good. Forward this to Sealift Command, ASAP. Right away, ma'am. l picked a bad week to cut out caffeine. Abu Saif? Singapore's mole believes that they've infiltrated a prepositioned ship at Diego Garcia. l'll fill you in later. How's Abby? She's scared. l thought that Mawher fellow had an airtight alibi. - Alibi, yes. Airtight-- - ls that Jamaican blend? Yeah. Alibi, yes. Airtight, no. Last thing a homicide cop worries about is his clean-up guy. Yeah, well, your clean-up guy just made an interesting play. Abby's been subpoenaed again. l thought she was done with the court. She was until the defence got an anonymous e-mail saying that the consultant for the prosecution - had gone into protective custody. - Mawher must've found out. You don't use cream and sugar, do you? Mawher must've found out about the case from Abby's computer. And now he's trying to lure her out. Does the defence know they're being used? They don't care. My guess is that they're gonna use Abby's restraining order to claim that her judgment is faulty. - Her judgment? - Yeah. The defence is gonna argue that she makes bad choices. l don't know this defence lawyer. l've never dealt with her, but obviously she likes to win. - She does. - You know her? Yeah, l thought l did. lf she wants to talk to Abby, she can do it here. Yeah, agreed. l'll pass it on. Jethro, could you leave--? l already did, Jen. - Any luck with that trace yet, McGee? - Nope. Maybe we should widen the perimeter of Mawher's BOLO. - Hey, Tony. - Not so loud. l was up all night scrounging through that guy's garbage, for Pete's sake. l'm Jack Kerouac, baby. l'm beat. So the drive wasn't so bad. At 400 an hour, l'm sure you'll reconsider when you get my bill. l'll take it from here. Thanks a lot. Hi. May l help you? Yes. First eat a breath mint. And then you can take me to the over-protective candy-ass who made me come all the way down here for a simple deposition. He's over there. l should've known. - Hello, Jethro. - Hello, Ginger. Or should l say overzealous defence attorney who came all the way down here to harass my forensic scientist? Do they know each other? Nothing gets by you, does it? Harassment is illegal. - Whereas l have a subpoena. - How about that. So do l. You want the e-mail that tipped us to the restraining order? Why? We're hoping there's routing information in the header that can help us trace it. Going after the whistle-blowers now, are we? - No, just stalkers. - Wait, wait, slow down a second. - Who's being stalked? - Her name is Abby. And your lawyer is going to try to use her bad taste in men to impregnate her credibility. - ''lmpugn,'' Ziva. - Yes. What does any of this have to do with the embezzling charges? Embezzling. Nice. How much? They say ten million, but l'm innocent. - l was framed. - Framed. Yes. ln your case l actually believe that. Don't say another word. - Where's my witness? - Where's my e-mail? Hi. Well, the e-mail will help narrow down the DNS server but we still have a ways to go on the trace. l thought computers were supposed to make things go faster, McGee. They do. lt's just that the X-originating lP address leads to a public lP address. l'll let you know when l have something. Ziva, go home. - l'm staying if you're staying. - l'm staying. - Well, l'm staying. - l'm staying too. l'm sure Abby feels safer already. l see you've vacated the elevator for the evening. lt wasn't quite so cosy in there after an hour with Queen Boudica. Did you know that the five people that die in elevators every year, they only spend an average of 60 seconds in there a day? And you've already been in one for six hours. Exactly. lncreasing my risk by a thousand fold. l'm lucky to be alive, Ducky. Well, it's not luck when you have Leroy Jethro Gibbs looking after you. However, one cannot be too careful so l brought you a present. lt's a safety whistle. Emits a 1 20-decibel blast. One good blow of this and your attacker's eardrums are shattered. Thank you, Ducky. Boss, getting a verification ping on my tracer program. Trying to back trace. Do you think you can type any harder, McGee? This guy's good. He's bypassed all our authentication routines. - Ziva, you getting this? - Yes. lt looks like Mawher accessed Abby's accounts 30 minutes ago. - McGee. - Yeah? Used her terminal to send an e-mail to-- The Pass and lD office on the Navy yard? He was giving himself a drive-on. Security. Jimmy, you don't have to keep calling me. l'm fine. lt's Mikel, Abby. Don't hang up. Oh, great. My biggest fan. Look, l know we got off on the wrong foot. The wrong foot? The only right foot is my foot up your-- Abby, Abby. Listen. l need to see you. You really are insane. lf you just trust me, l promise, nothing will happen to you. And if l don't? What? You're gonna tear up that nice collage you were making for me? Let's just say you're not as safe as you think you are. Abby, somebody tried to kill you in your own lab. You're not safe in there. Oh, and let me guess. You're the only person who can protect me. See, you're starting to understand. Good. Kind of like that time somebody broke into my house and stole my mail? Yeah, that was pretty scary, huh? Yeah, and that crazy freak that kept slashing my tires. Yeah, l was really worried about you then, Ab. Mikel, that was you. You slashed my tires. You stole my mail. What does that matter, as long as it made you realise you know, your true feelings for me, Ab, huh? No, no, no. Try using the SlD instead of the ESN for registration request. That's a good idea. - Hey. - Abby, down! - He was right there. - He's here, McGee, on the move. MPs on scene, Tony. - Are you okay? - No. - Clear. - Clear. Ziva, lock down the yard. No one in or out. - We'll find him, Abby. - Well, then l can't stay here, Gibbs. - Definitely not staying at McGee's. - No place is safe. lf he can get on the Navy yard, he can get anywhere. Not anywhere. Not anywhere. Nothing like a nice, quiet, dungeon-like basement to calm the nerves. You need to sleep, Abby. l know. l tried. Every time l close my eyes, l see Mikel. With the grain. l thought l was. l don't understand why people drink alcohol when they're depressed. Because alcohol is a depressant. Now l'm still depressed and l'm nauseous. And really drunk. Which means that tomorrow l have to go fight a hangover while l'm in court while some ambulance-chasing attorney tries to attack my credibility. What is wrong with me, Gibbs? What did l do to deserve this? lt's not about you, Abby. lt's about him. Then why do l feel so guilty? l don't know. Why do you? Because l think this might all be my fault. Maybe it is. How could you say that to me, Gibbs? l didn't do anything wrong. Just because some defective lunatic can't get it through his thick skull that l think he is a defective lunatic. That is not my fault, Gibbs. That's not my fault at all. This is not my fault. lt's not my fault. l see why you like to work on your boat, Gibbs. lt's very, very cathartic. Suddenly having a stalker on the loose isn't so scary. He's not on the loose, Abby. That's what l came down here to tell you. DiNozzo called. The Coast Guard picked up Mikel Mawher trying to cross the Anacostia. This is harassment. Okay? l'm gonna file a restraining order against your department. Knock yourself out. They did wonders for me. - lt's over, Abby. - Not until he finds another loophole to crawl out of. He will. You don't know him. - No. - <i>Sit down and shut up.</i> But l know Gibbs. Excuse me, director? The Federal Marshall is here for Abby. - Just when it was getting good. - <i>All right, l'll sit.</i> - Judges don't like to be kept waiting. - <i>But l want it on record</i> - <i>that it was under extreme duress.</i> - <i>Noted.</i> - Let me know how it turns out. - Don't worry. Gibbs won't let him crawl out of anything. You guys have it all wrong. l'm not the one trying to hurt Abby. No, you're just the misunderstood lover who flies in at the last second to be her saviour. - That how the game's played? - This isn't a game. - Okay, l'm trying to protect Abby here. - lnteresting way of showing it. No choice. lt's the only way l can get her to listen. Abby and l have been going through a rough patch lately. Hey. There is no Abby and you. And rough patches don't usually include cyanide. That wasn't me. l didn't know Abby was in trouble until after you came to my office. Look, l'm not the one trying to hurt Abby. But l know who is. Not his name, but his picture. Right there. After you guys came to see me, l started to go through all my old photos. Exhibits A through G of you violating your restraining order? lt's not illegal if l stay 1 00 yards away. lt is if you harass, follow or threaten. Semantics, okay? Anyway, l'm going through all my old photos, and the same guy kept popping up over and over again. That's gotta be your guy. There. Right there. Him. The scary guy right there. That scary guy? The really scary guy right there? No, no. The other guy. Zoom in on the other guy. Yeah, keep going. Keep going. Keep rolling. You see what l'm saying? l wasn't the only one following her. The only reason l was able to worm into Abby's computer in the first place is because somebody had cracked the authentication protocols before me. Thanks for the lift. l could really use it after the week l've had. Don't forget your seatbelt. He's right, boss. Mawher's worm didn't penetrate Abby's system until after the authentication calls were cracked. - Who cracked them? - Well, that's gonna take some time. We don't have time. That was the federal marshal who was supposed to pick up Abby. - Supposed to? - Someone slashed the tires on his transport. He hasn't left yet. So l guess the lesson is to always trust your instincts, you know? Like with you. You scare me. So we could never date. But don't feel bad. l mean, you're a federal agent. You should scare people. That's your job. You-- No answer on her cell phone. Running a trace. State police have been notified. - <i>Still no answer, Gibbs.</i> - Keep trying. - How far could he have gotten? - Far enough. lf he knows his window's small. - McGee, l'm not gonna ask again. - <i>Location's coming up.</i> Sending GPS coordinates to your PDA. Okay, l got it. This can't be right. lt says we're right on top of her. That's because we are. DiNozzo. l'll be with you in a minute, Gibbs. And don't look up my skirt! Okay. - So how'd it go? - Horrible. The judge ruled all of my physical evidence inadmissible. Then threw out the case. Hit you hard, huh? Actually, no. She didn't bring up my bad taste in men. - She attacked the science. - lt always was about the science. l only questioned you on the restraining order to throw the prosecution off my real game plan. Human-scent detection is a viable forensic tool. Which has yet to be fully vetted and peer-approved. - Lucky for me. - Scent evidence is the only physical evidence tying the defendant to the money he took. We're saying you're a very smelly man. Hey, l was proven innocent, remember? Actually, you just weren't found guilty. There's a difference. l'll keep that in mind while l'm getting a tan on the beaches of Bora Bora. Don't take it so hard. l knew it was going to end like this right from the very beginning. - Too bad your client didn't. - Yeah. You should have trusted your lawyer there, Giggle-man. lnstead of spending all of that money hiring a hit man to take out the star witness, a.k.a. me. - What are they talking about? - No idea. You paid him to kill. You didn't pay him to keep his mouth shut. That dude even gave you credit for the bloodbath at the Navy Lodge. - You guys think you're so smart. - Terry, don't say a word. Back in the car. Let's go. l was right, wasn't l? That's right. Abby would be dead by now if it wasn't for me. ls that what you think? l think Terry Spooner never would've gotten as close as he did without you as a distraction. That the real danger here was you. No, no. People accuse me of playing mind games. No. Metro Cops found your car. They found the gun. Found the suicide note you wrote in Abby's handwriting. That was just a last resort. Look, l love her. l love her, you know? You don't get it, do you? She wants everybody to believe that she doesn't love me. Hell, l think she even believes it sometimes. Tell you what, if you don't care about me, then how come you can't take your eyes off me right now? You can lie to the rest of the world, you can't lie to your heart. Can you, Abby? Oh, no, no, no.