a hugely talented filmmaker. Anton V wants you to model for his new line. I teach first grade. All my life, all I wanted was to be a doctor.</i> I'm still a little concerned about your finances. I can work it out. The late nights, the mystery men. I resent you interrogating me like I'm some kind of... Prostitute? If you think you need to go out and take what's not yours,</i> there's obviously something missing in your life.</i> Oh, my God. Sydney. Did you know her pretty well? I met her four years ago. She was the one who convinced me I could be a real chef.</i> Do either of you happen to know where Auggie Kirkpatrick might be? Why? Mr. Kirkpatrick's wanted for murder. Wait up. Look who's not so fast after all. Excuse me. Miller wins again. Towards the back. All right, I'm flipping... Toward the back. I'm flipping as fast as I can. My God. Oh, my God. Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, this is my fiancÃ©e. Jonah! That's... She's right here. Hello, embarrassing. Uh, you might want to get used to it. My gosh! You just, like, drove by on a bus. This is officially weird. This is officially, like, the greatest thing ever. I'm getting all of these. Jonah, we don't need all of them. Yes, we do. We do. I'm sending them to people. Finally, my parents will know that one of us made it in Hollywood. Hey, can I have a bag for these? All of them. I want all the ones you have. Anton was right. The schoolteacher's absolutely gorgeous. All right, look, whatever issues you have, just leave them at the door tonight. This launch party better go smoothly. There is no place that I would rather be. Except for maybe Fallujah, getting my fingernails ripped out. I'm serious. Being Riley's handler means she's within ten feet of you at all times. With Anton in Milan, it's our job to make sure Riley's story gets out there. Riley is an adult. Expertly potty-trained. Trust me, all I need to do is go and drink the free champagne. You're doing this. Direct orders from New York. You can tell New York that when we're looking for their opinion, we'll ask. Why don't you tell New York yourself? I thought you weren't, visiting for another two weeks. You know how I love surprises. This L.A. branch is drowning in red like a steer in a slaughterhouse. Now, when I hired you to give this place a makeover, I didn't mean smear it with lipstick and turn it into a five-dollar hooker. This office is pathetic. You hired me to revamp this company from the ground up. I'm still establishing new client relationships. Anton V, for example. This could be a hugely successful campaign. Anton V? More like Anton Y. As in, why are we spending so many man hours on a denim line? And I think we both know what I mean by man hours. You could have been a leader, but your focus shifted from your client's assets to your client's ass. You're fired. Get out. Take your bat and balls with you. Balibal, Dark_Chii, Just-In, Luoleilina, SirHill et WoLF971 présentent... It's too early to be awake, let alone engaged in physical activity. That's the worst part of L.A. No seasons means no excuses not to exercise. Leave it to the Cincinnati girl to complain about 350 days of sunshine. Whatever. You L.A. natives-- you don't even know what you're missing. Changing leaves, hot cocoa at the football games. Skyline Chili... so good. I know exactly what season it is in L.A. Concert season. L.A. Phil, Friday night. Orchestra section. A little wine, a little Rachmaninoff. What do you say? Since when have you been interested in classical music? Since Ella told me you had a thing for Russian composers. That's very sweet, but, um, kind of sounds like a date, David. Good. That's how it's supposed to sound. Come on, Disney Concert Hall has insanely comfortable seats. I should know. I spent hours sleeping in them. I'm sure you have. I just have a lot going on right now. Oh, my God. I got to get down there. Do you want to tell me why the hell the cops found your blood on that knife? David, I didn't kill her. Look, after you passed out that night, I showed up at Syd's. She was coked-up, drunk. I tried to stop her from doing another line, she came at me with that knife. You know my record. I look guilty as hell, so... I lied to the cops. Ended up here. I never thought you could have done it. I woke up with that knife in my hand. I saw you in that bed. You were out cold. There is no way you got up and killed her. What are you talking about? Someone framed you. Or at least they tried to. Now, I'm the one going down for it. My father. Your dad? If anyone's capable of murder, he is. But that doesn't explain why he would frame his own kid. He knew that Syd and I were sleeping together. He hates me. I'm not letting you take the fall for this. First, let me take care of your bail, and then I'm going to go to his house, and I'm gonna find whatever piece of evidence I can to link him to Syd's death. All right? * You wanted to see me? Come in. It is an honor to finally meet you. Your article in Vanity Fair is pretty much</i> what inspired me to become a publicist. Shockingly, I didn't call you here for your life story. Although, your absentee father and pill-popping mother make for a very juicy tale. How did you know that...? You'd be surprised what I know. We need to talk about tonight. You have nothing to worry about tonight. I have been running point on Anton V since the beginning. You mean, you had a chance to stop a designer from risking his line on some schoolteacher who's never stepped in front of the camera before? Actually, I warned Caleb that Anton was making a mistake with Riley. You must have been terribly unconvincing. Take it from a former advertising exec. Riley Richmond as the face of his Real People campaign is about as real and interesting as a plastic mannequin. Anton can't sell a rags-to-riches fairytale using someone who's had every opportunity given to her on a silver platter. Here. I'm supposed to get Riley to say this? With all due respect, Ms. Woodward, none of this is true. If you have a problem, there's a long list of eager assistants willing to take your place. No problem. No problem at all. So after leaving you my fifth unreturned voicemail, I figured that you must be buried deep beneath the great American screenplay. When do I get to read it? Actually, probably never. You know how Andrew Misher got that Senior VP gig at Universal? In the process, Living in Reverse got rerouted to development hell.</i> What do you think you're doing? Bringing you your wardrobe. And hi. I just read the bio you sent me. Every word is a lie. What are you talking about? What's going on? "Raised by a single mother in a low-income household, "Riley Richmond fought gang violence "on the rough streets of Boston's "Roxbury neighborhood. "Her dreams to teach brought her to L.A., "where Anton V discovered her on a playground and changed her life forever." Riley's from Beacon Hill. Her dad's an attorney who argues in front of the Supreme Court, and her mom's an editor for the Boston Globe.</i> Exactly. The masses don't relate to private schools and brownstones. Ella, none of this is even close to the truth. I'm not some WPK stereotype. And I'm not going to the launch if it means lying about who I am. Okay, look, Riley, it's no secret that we're not the closest of friends, but the "W" in WPK just took a battle axe to Caleb, and... if I let her down tonight, I'm next. Why do you even want to work for someone like that? Because work's all I have, Riley. Okay? I don't come home to a hug from Jonah and a voicemail from my parents telling me how proud they are. My life is my BlackBerry. So you want me to lie so you can protect your job? That... and for you. I mean, didn't you read your contract? If you don't fulfill all publicity obligations, then you don't get your ten grand. Now... why don't you try these on and I will check back in later? Okay? I can't believe this is happening. Screw it. I say we finally take our parents up on that early wedding present. And let my mom relish in the fact that I can't live on my own? You know she's been dying to say "I told you so" since we moved here. I'm not taking her money. You can't go to this party forced to lie through your teeth. All right, we'll figure something out. How many drunken wedding guests have you filmed dancing to "YMCA"? It's my turn. I want to do this for us. And if getting paid means lying about who I am, then... I guess it won't kill me to stretch the truth this one time. What are you doing here? Surprised to see me when I should be at yoga? I'm here to talk to my father, so... Really? Because he's at a medical conference in Rome. You get within 500 feet of my son again and I will have you arrested. After you put Noah in the hospital, I filed for a restraining order. You're really pulling all the stops, aren't you? You know what, take the blinders off for a second, Vanessa. My father's a killer. He had every reason in the world to want Sydney dead. He was sleeping with her right up until she died. She was going to tell you. Michael would never do something like that to his family. Says who? My dad? He's an egomaniac. The second that Syd threatened to destroy his career, he killed her. If you want to be a good mother to Noah, I'd put him in the car and drive him out of L.A. as fast as you can. Get off my property. My pleasure. My God. Are you okay? You stormed out of that office so fast, you put the whole bullpen in a tizzy. I'm not okay. Amanda Woodward does not come all the way across the country just to slap us on the wrist. Our numbers are fine. There's no reason for her to be here. So the woman wants some face time and a natural tan. Look, I didn't say anything before, because of my blind loyalty to Amanda, but she's been asking all kinds of questions about you: your call logs, your lunches, your, your client list... What? She's the president of WPK. Less than a year ago, I was rolling phone calls and filling Yogurtland orders. There is something going on, Ella. You can't stay there. Really? And since when are you out to offer a helping hand? Don't you get it? That woman will get inside your head and make you do things that you never dreamed that you would do. That woman is the reason why I don't take vacation days. She's the reason why I can count all my closest friends on one hand and the reason why I spend all my money on shoes. This is where it all pays offb. *** You're just in time for Jonah's world famous Miller Mojito. Perfect, the stronger, the better, Jonah. There is no way I am going to this party sober. Yeah, well, that makes two of us. So, how are we coming on that bio? All up here. Okay, people. Time to wet your whistles with a Killer Miller Mojito. You're... free. Sort of. David posted my bail. What'd I miss around here? Gosh, nothing. Just really, typical sunbathing, barbecue... Police raid. I heard about that. You had no idea the police were looking for you? Wait a minute, you guys don't really think I'm guilty? I'm not a murderer. I didn't kill Sydney. I'm going to go get ready for tonight. Actually, can I take a look at that dress? I don't have anything to wear. Yeah, sure, no problem. Come with. We should probably get going, Riley. Start getting ready, like, yesterday. Come on. The cops really messed this place up? Enter at your own risk. Heard you were back. I guess it didn't take long for the Neighborhood Watch to form. They take turns patrolling the courtyard yet? I know what people are saying, and it's totally stupid. You're obviously not a killer. I appreciate you being in my corner, but everyone out there turned on me in a heartbeat. If they see you hanging around with me, you'll be next. Do you hear what you're saying? If they really think you're capable of killing Sydney, then the people in that courtyard aren't our friends. But if you don't want me hanging around... I get it. You were pretty much out of here the second we slept together. When the guy runs off to Mexico, it's kind of obvious he's just not that into you. I didn't leave because of us. I left because I was pissed at myself for blowing it with Marcello. Don't take it personally. It's hard not to. I'm not like the girls in L.A. I don't just sleep around. I guess I just expected a phone call or something. You're right. I messed up. I... things just got pretty intense with us pretty fast. Maybe it's just better that we stick with a friend vibe for awhile. That's fine. Totally cool. Oh, my gosh, you thought that limo was awesome, check this out. Oh, my God. Hot for teacher! You look fantastic. Come on. Let's go show off those pearly whites. And remember, Anton changed your life. Let's go. Ladies and gentlemen, the face of Anton V's "Real Denim" line, Who's your boyfriend? Can I have a picture of just Riley please? Riley, over here! They are loving her. You know it's only a matter of time before you're out there on the carpet. It just takes some people longer to recognize talent when it's sitting there right in front of their face. How did gang violence affect you growing up? Do you feel like a princess in a fairy tale? After raising you and your brother all on her own... Riley, do you see yourself as a role model for young women everywhere? Does this seem real to you at all? Riley, sweetheart, come here, come here. I have someone I want you to meet. Thank you. Bye. Thanks so much. Remember, you escaped the streets to chase a dream. You are a survivor. One wrong sound bite and you can kiss that ten grand good-bye. I combed through his desk, his files... nothing. Your dad was having an affair. If he's hiding something, it'll be in a place where his own wife won't even touch. Let me call you back. How long do I need to stay here? Until the last blinding flashbulb. You are doing such a good job, by the way. I don't feel good about any of this. What happens if my students find out that the person who teaches them to tell the truth is a total liar? Riley, relax. Okay? I highly doubt the bouncer will be lifting up the velvet rope for a first grader. Why don't you just go find Jonah and dream about how you're going to spend your ten grand? Great. It's quite a party. You somehow convinced every member of the fashion press to care about real people. Anton V is an important client. Trust me, Riley has been rattling off that bio so well, it's almost as if she actually had to struggle a day in her life. Good work, Ella. Maybe you're not as useless as I thought. What does a girl have to do to get an autograph around here? Look at you! I totally thought you were a model. That would be you on the life-sized print ad. I'm so proud of you. Trust me, this whole night is just one big, superficial fantasy. David said he was coming. Have you seen him? He just texted. Something came up. Which in David speak probably means he met a girl on Sunset and had to buy her a drink. Of course. Wait a second... why are you asking about David? There's... there's no reason. I'm just wondering. What? Oh, my God. You are totally blushing right now. What? It's hot in here! Come on. Can you name anyone who's more my polar opposite? Okay, the five-inch heels, the three-hour hair, the this. Okay, all right. Maybe I have a teeny crush on him. Okay, I knew it! I've always seen you guys shoot looks across the pool. Well looking's probably about as far as it's going to go. Plus, with my workload, it's just impossible. How do you know unless you try? The worst thing would be letting your life pass you by and having it take your soul mate with it. Bottle of water for the model and a vodka soda for her keeper. Right away! Make that two vodkas. Got it! Ooh, the new Judith Leiber... Parting gift from the ex. She threw it at me on her way out the door. Melissa Sax. Talent agent, I know. Your photos are all over Variety, along with your reputation. Let me guess: I'm a shark who wants to eat this town for breakfast? Something like that. I guess we have a lot in common. Wait a minute... you know me? Of course. I've been trying to catch your eye all night. You've got it now. You're a very talented girl. Far too talented to be wasting your time at any job with the word "junior" in front of it. What are you saying? I should start over in some agency mail room? Actually, I think you'd look pretty hot in a corner office. I'm not an agent. Really? You have an eye for talent, you're driven... and I have a feeling you're dangerously persuasive. And from my research, I would say you're quite the people person. Why don't we find somewhere quiet and discuss your career? Our agency's been looking for someone with your claws. Why are you wasting your time at some dead-end PR firm? I'd hardly call it "dead-end." I mean, WPK is the best firm in LA. maybe so. But what is Ella Simms doing mopping up celebrity spilled milk? You should be somewhere where your talents are respected. I've got to get back to Riley. I'm on the clock. So quit. Come with me. I'll double your client load. That's double your commission. I don't want to burn any bridges here, and this has definitely been fun, but my heart, as cold as it may be, belongs to WPK. That's too bad. Amanda Woodward's lucky to have you. She is. Hungry? This is autumn. In L.A. I figure you can't bring the girl to Cincinnati, bring Cincinnati to the girl. Where did you get Skyline Chili? Where do you think? You did not seriously have this flown out from my hometown. I figure if I can find my way into a heavily guarded mansion without breaking a sweat, I can call for delivery. You and I have vastly different definitions of "delivery." I'm sorry. I can't right now. I'm sorry. That's okay. I know you jumped through hoops to make tonight perfect, David. I'm sorry. There's no rush here, at all. So why do I feel like this isn't how your other dates end? I've never dated anyone like you. I hope you know that. I'm starving. Can we get to that food before it gets cold? Yeah, I'd love that. Come here often? How's the belle of the ball? Better, now. I'm officially schmoozed out, though. I have schmooze coming out of my ears. Hi. I'm writing a column for Vogue about Anton's "Real People." What's it like going from hand-me-down jeans to becoming the face of Anton's denim line? You know... When you want something bad enough, you can't let a little adversity get in your way. A little? You're an amazing story of survival. I read that you and your mom used to sleep in your car? Your students must really look up to you. My students, right. You know what, I hope my students can look up to me, because... I teach them to be truthful. I'm sorry. I can't do this. I'm not the role model that you think I am. Let's get out of here. Wait, what do you mean you're not a role model? Look how far you've come. Just do what you've got to do. Anton gave me a fake biography, and I went along with it. I'm not from the streets. I've never heard a gunshot in my life. I've never even had my car broken into. And my parents are still very much in my life. In fact, my dad offered to pay for Harvard Law School, just so I would follow in his footsteps. The only real thing here is that I'm a teacher who loves her job. Great. Come on. Excuse me. Oh, great. Amanda's going to skin me alive. Not satisfying enough. The reporter from Vogue just said she's running a story called "Anton V: Real Jeans for Fake People." Well, done, Ella. Riley promised me that she wasn't going to say anything. And you trusted her. I guess your friend's not such a great friend, after all. See me tomorrow at 1:00. I'll be at East. Excuse me. They said they'd keep this up front. How are you, darling? Oh! I'm great. Well? Thank you so much for the lovely evening. And thank you for being so irresistible. Almost irresistible. I gave her the apple, but she didn't bite. She might be young and idealistic, but she's loyal, Amanda. She's cute, too. So are puppies. She passed your little test with flying colors. So I guess now we're even. The next time I decide to get all "in the moment," please stop me. My big mouth just cost us $10,000. A zillion magazine ads couldn't make me prouder than I am right now. Can I talk to you for a sec? Alone. Preferably. I don't think so. Whatever you have to say you can say in front of Jonah. The police said they got an anonymous tip that I was in Mexico, but you were the only one who knew where I was staying. You mean where you were hiding? It's okay. The police were looking for you. They had that knife. What did you want me to do, lie? I wanted you to trust me. Not have the Federales drag me out of my room and throw me into a six-foot cell. Riley's not the one with a criminal history here. You know what, no one's talking to you. Okay. This is pointless. Look me in the eye and tell me you actually think I did this. - You of all people...? - Dude! - Back off! - Come on. Let's just go home. Everything's cool. Oh, my God. It's fine, just... Just get out of here. You don't need that. You don't know what I need. Seriously, it's best if you just... leave. You want to throw away all your progress for a stupid drink? What progress? In a few weeks, I'm going to be in jail, so none of this even matters. Don't talk like that. Why not? I'm a drunk with a record who can't even convince his own friends he's innocent. Who cares what they think? I do! I care! You don't need that. You need someone who believes in you. Have a seat. Thank you. I've never been here before. The food looks amazing. Don't get comfortable. I'm meeting someone in ten minutes. What's your end game? Honestly... I want to be you. That's a pretty lofty goal for someone who can't even perform a simple babysitting task. Okay, I'll admit, last night wasn't my finest hour, but I am a great publicist. You're a decent publicist who hasn't learned to disengage her emotions. And prove to me you want this. I guarantee you, this job is my life. You know, I can't help but wonder what sort of trouble your model friend would find herself in should, I don't know... her school find out that she used sick days to work the photo shoot. They'd probably fire her. Did she know that your job was on the line last night? That's not the point. Riley's punishment was not getting her ten grand. Why torture her? What does she matter to WPK? She doesn't matter to WPK, at all. But she matters to you. So if you plan on staying around for more than a week, you need to show me that you are capable of putting your work above everything else, including your friendships. Call the school. Tell them what she did. If that's what it takes to be you, then... I'm sorry. I guess I'm not interested. Enough. I am burning all of these. Recycle, it's better for the environment. You know what? I say good riddance. Your heart belongs in the classroom, not on the runway. That's probably Ella, calling to ream me out. Principal Fleming, hi. I know, you're right. I completely messed up. Look, I'm sorry. Couldn't I...? I know, you're right. I... what happened? I just got fired. What? Why, because of the pictures? Principal Fleming somehow found out I used sick days to be at the photo shoot. Give me a break. I mean, everybody fakes a cough into the phone every once in awhile. You should fight this. She's right. I used a week of sick days to work a higher- paying job. This is grounds for being fired. What was I thinking? Come on. Riles, it's okay. It's not. We have no source of income. Genius idea. You ready? I'll finally take my Uncle Louis up on that gig at his office supply store. Bookkeeping job? It's a paycheck. It's 12-hour days, including weekends. You'll have no time to write. You can't take meetings. You said it yourself, years will go by, and you'll still be on page ten of your screenplay. It was really easy for me to give highfalutin' speeches when I had the choice. If anything, I should be looking for the new job. I am the one who got fired. Look at everything you did so we could pay off our bills. That wasn't easy. Now, it's my turn, okay? We'll be fine. I promise. You didn't. Is everything okay? Fine. Just suffering from a little lunch coma. But you, my friend, you have some explaining to do. What's up with the harvest fest in my living room? Did Lauren say anything? Just how super sweet and romantic you were. And some other stuff that I couldn't hear over the sound of my own gagging. When did you get cute? Just a little dinner. It's not a big deal. Play it cool, but I know that you're a cheese ball at heart. At least there's some good news coming out of this courtyard. Actually... you might want to prepare yourself for a little pro bono spin work on Auggie's reputation. Auggie has you wrapped around his murderous little finger. He didn't do it. My dad killed Sydney. What? I found a necklace in his car... Sydney's necklace. I know 'cause I gave it to her. She was wearing it the night she died. Your dad's a genius heart surgeon. Why would he hold on to hard-core evidence? I don't know. But he's got a plan for everything. You know, he did everything in his power to make my life a living hell. And if I play this