I need cash, OK? I'm Ella Simms. Junior publicist. All my life all I wanted was to be a doctor. - I'm concerned about your finances. - I can work it out. I didn't peg you as someone who wanted to pursue this line of work on a regular basis. I can't believe that girl had to be the one to find her. - She's lived here 30 seconds? - There's a hostess that just quit at Coal. - I could put in a good word for you. - You'd do that? Who's this? I'm the girl you kicked out of here yesterday. Is the job still available? We're getting married. I'm only about to have a sit-down with a guy whose films are over a billion dollars. I'm Kendra, his development exec. I have a lot of say in how we develop the scripts. I just want you to tell me that you and Riley have not crossed the line of friendship. She kissed me, not the other way around. She kissed you? So there's nothing going on between you two? You are the only guy I want to be with. - I was scared I missed you. - What happened to your plans? Just decided it was an opportunity I couldn't pass up. You did not just say The Killing was a better film than Reservoir Dogs. Reservoir Dogs is so much more polished. Dogs totally ripped off Kubrick. Most of Tarantino's so-called masterpieces are overrated knockoffs. Yes, he appropriates. From like, everybody. What makes him a genius is how he puts those pieces together. I love how one of the most original voices I've heard recently is defending one of the most unoriginal. But enough about Tarantino. I want to know more about Jonah Miller. From the beginning. The Jonah Miller story... just starts out a little slow, but then it has a few good twists. * Did you hear me? * Hello * * Hello, hello, don't disturb me * 86... * I don't think you heard me, so I gotta... * And here she is again returning home from yet another late night looking absolutely fabulous. What are you doing here? I thought you had a client dinner. Client cancelled. Anyway, I need all the deets on who you're getting dolled up for, so spill. Who's the lucky guy? Believe me, there is no lucky guy. Just a lot of unlucky first dates. You are being strangely secretive. Are you? Or perhaps a married doctor? No married man. Doctor or otherwise. Drop it. You know, Lor, gossip may be my bread and butter at work, but off duty, I can actually keep a secret. I've been through the same thing that you're dealing with, at least once. I appreciate that. But my life's just not tabloid material. And he is running faster than I've ever seen the guy run, and there's this totally insane saliva-dripping Doberman right on his heels. I'm in the car, yelling, "Travis, just drop the chicken, man!" Oh, my God. Please tell me he made it. Inches. Doggie birthday parties, never again. That is where I draw the line. That is hilarious. And really sad. Yeah. I guess it's that combination that makes Living in Reverse so heartfelt, too. I have to say, it is so refreshing to meet a Hollywood executive who gets my vision. I just said "gets my vision" out loud. Like, without any irony. On a scale of one to total tool, where do I fall? Well, the scale I'm looking at rates you in pretty high at funny, honest... charming... ... sexy. Actually... I'm engaged. You're engaged? Why didn't you tell me? I would've never... I know. I-I should've. I just... I got so wrapped up in the moment. The moment? We've been here for an hour. Look, Jonah, don't break your poor fiancée's heart. If you're not ready to take the plunge, tell her now. Oh, no, I'm ready to take the plunge. Then why did you kiss me? Check. Dark_Chii, Just-In, Luoleilina, P$iKo^^, SirHill et WoLF971 présentent...</i> Oh, my God, Auggie, that smells amazing. Why are you still here? We're closed. You hungry? I... could definitely eat. My dinner was cherries and olives. That looks so beautiful. Well, forget how it looks. Close your eyes. Come on, close your eyes. You don't trust me? You're the chef. Too much going on? - Maybe I should dial back some of the thyme. - It was delicious. The flavors, they're so layered. Is that saffron? Someone is developing a palate. Mason, the owner, is coming tomorrow to weigh in on the winter menu. - If I could get a dish on it... - Hostess, then bartender. Don't tell me: you're the next Julia Child? Marcello, you have to try this dish Auggie invented. - It's unreal. - What is it? Seared scallops with oven-roasted tomato couscous and a saffron beurre blanc. Auggie, what were you thinking? The saffron will bring out the iodine taste of the scallops. That's why I used caramelized shallots, for sweetness, and fresh thyme to punctuate. I'd have used a little less thyme. Chef, I-I know you're looking for dishes for the new menu... Your point? I was wondering, if I make the adjustment, - maybe it could be a contender? - Not quite ready for prime time. But didn't spit it out for a change. - I loved it. - I'd order it. Not at this restaurant you won't. Want to get high? I want to do whatever you want to do. You go first. This where all the cool kids come to hang out and impress the ladies with their skunk bud? What skunk bud? Come on, David. Do you think I really give a crap about the joint? I'm investigating a homicide. Look, we've been through this. - I told you everything I know. - I'm not so sure. I didn't kill Sydney. But your alibi's tied to someone who was an accessory in her death. The night of the murder, Ella Simms hired a private investigator to break into Sydney Andrews' apartment. Theory is, things turned bad. Now, you admit that you weren't with Ella that night, and we can arrest her for obstruction of justice. I don't know what you're talking about. But trust me, Ella didn't have anything to do with the murder. Protecting your friends... that's honorable. It's also going to get you in a lot of trouble. Aiding and abetting kind of trouble. If El killed Syd, do you really think that I'd protect her? I hate the person that did this. Syd and I, we had a connection. A real connection. The kind where doors slam and neighbors file noise complaints. So, not every relationship's picture-perfect. She was there for me. I want to make you proud, then I-I just... I screwed up. I can't help it, Mom. I just... I miss you so much. Here. I'm okay. Your mom? I had friends whose parents had died, and I felt bad, but I never really got it until... until I joined that messed up club. - Are your parents buried here? - My father. I don't think you ever get over it. You just have to try to deal however you can. But... the last thing you need is advice from a stranger. No, it's okay. Everyone else says that time makes things better. You're the only one with the guts to tell it like it is. My name is Sydney. David. Do you want to get some breakfast? Just tell me you and Ella were never together the night of the murder. That'd be a lie. What else is a lie? You live like a rock star without a single deposit from a trust fund or your old man. You don't cooperate with me, I'm gonna eventually find out how you can afford this life of leisure. Where were you last night? Didn't you get my text? Said I'd be back late. I did, and I tried waiting up. Did you get my message about Anton V? I got it on my way home. I replied. An emoticon? It's hardly an enthusiastic response. Last night when you left, you were upset about Auggie. I-I didn't want to go to bed without talking. Must have been some walk you went on. Where'd you go? Just, you know, kind of wandered over to Sunset for a drink. Next time, please wake me up when you get home, okay? You've got to be kidding me. What? Travis just blew off the wedding today. He said he broke his wrist playing Wii. Is that even possible? Yeah, anything's possible with Travis. I don't believe this. There's no way I'm going to get this footage they want today on my own. I happen to know a girl who used to assist her boyfriend back in college. From what I remember, she was pretty good at it. Thank you, Riles, but I'll be... I'll be fine. Senior year. The chancellor's inauguration. Was that not the funniest day ever? Hilarious. Practically every frame of B camera was wobbling exactly in time with your giggling. Come on, when is the last time we spent a whole day together? No, I'm on my way now. Get him a private room. A private floor, if possible. Ella, Defcon five. Let's move now. I haven't seen you this stressed since Allegra Abrams flashed the entire press corps opening night of Sundance. Jessie Roberts OD'd. Apparently, he thought oxy would help bring him down from an all-night coke-fest. Please tell me we're not headed to ID the body. No, he's stable for now. Just get a team together. We can't have the public knowing how many drugs are fueling their favorite all-American smile. Choppers are buzzing ULA as we speak. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Jessie's at ULA? Let me handle this. Ella, if we don't spin this exactly right, we're gonna lose him as a client. Caleb, my bestie, slash, roommate works at ULA. I'll have this thing buried before the nurses bring Jessie his Jell-O cup. The owner's here. He just valet'd his car. Thanks for the heads-up. It's great to see you. Knew I was coming, so I didn't eat breakfast. Mason, let's taste the winter menu. Think a global bazaar of flavors. Lots of small plates. Smaller plates mean smaller profits. I want high-ticket entrees. That's funny you should say that. One came to me last night in a flash of inspiration. - Scallops. - Got it. Sear them. We'll pair them with an oven-roasted tomato couscous. How about a sauce, Chef? Saffron beurre blanc. Caramelize some shallots, and throw in a some fresh thyme to balance it out. My mouth is watering. By the time we're back from choosing a bottle from the cellar, it'll be ready, right, Auggie? Yes, Chef. Can't wait to taste it. That one sounds like a real winner. Did that just really happen? That's like cooking plagiarism. You can't let him get away with that. I don't have a choice. It's my job to make Marcello look good. There's a chain of command in the kitchen, and if I ever want to get promoted, I got to obey it. From here, it looks like your chain is being yanked. Look at this place. It's so beautiful. The flowers are so amazing. Amazing. Can you believe that this is going to be us soon? No, I really can't. What is it? You barely said a word in the car. I was just, you know, going over shots in my head. These weddings are tricky. We drove past three comic book stores, and you didn't even joke about wanting to stop. I know when something's up. We should probably set up these tripods. Let's talk about it. Otherwise, let's try to make today fun, okay? I mean, there's no reason why it can't be. You know, you're right. Let's try to have fun. Good. You set up the mama tripod. I get the big daddy one. Where do you want me? Oh, my gosh, right here. Kidding. Hi, champ. Is this the part where you yell at me? Later. But first, how are you? I'm fine. I don't even know what happened. - I swear, I just did, like, two lines. - And ended up in the hospital? Jessie, you're out of control. It was nothing. It was just some bad blow. You keep telling yourself that, but I am not going to let your legacy be a True Hollywood Story - of "Oops, I Did It and Died." - Does everyone know? Does... does my mom know? The rumors are starting to swirl. Nothing that's not beyond repair. Do you have any allergies? I-I don't know. Penicillin. Perfect. I am going to lock you in here. No texting, no tweeting, no phone calls, okay? I'm gonna need my video games. Fine. But more importantly, no more putting any of that crap up your nose. Otherwise, you're going to have to power lunch with River Phoenix. Who's River Phoenix? God, kill me now. I got a page. W... How is my favorite doctor? - You paged me? - I did. Come on, let's go chat. Listen, Lauren, I need a little favor. Mm-hmm. Jessie Roberts is one of our biggest clients, okay? He is Zac Efron and the Jonas Brothers wrapped into one squeaky clean, heartthrobby package. Squeaky clean? That kid had so many chemicals in his system, it's a miracle he woke up. Which is exactly why we are in crisis mode, and exactly why you could help us save the day again. - What can I do? - I just need you to create new admissions documents saying that Jessie had an allergic reaction to penicillin. Jessie does have the allergy, if anyone checks, it'll be completely legit. - It'll be completely unethical. - And a felony. I just need to buy a little time until another scandal breaks out, and then Jessie can move forward with his life. And I swear, I will personally escort him in to Promises as soon as he gets out of here. Come here. Do you hear yourself right now, Ella? I am busting my ass at med school so that one day I can take an oath that says, "First do no harm." So, who's harmed? The patient, the hospital, the doctor, the truth. You want more? This could work in everyone's favor, including you. What do you mean? How? WPK can make a donation to the hospital. Jessie could come by once a month, visit the children's floors. What if I offered you a financial incentive? Say, a couple thousand dollars? What did our friendly neighborhood nurse have to say? She won't budge. And you tried everything? Opened with altruism, preyed upon her soft spot for sick kids, and then, trumped it all with a generous financial plan. Clearly, I don't know my friend as well as I thought. Well, how much did you throw at her? A few grand. If you're gonna try and buy somebody off, you don't do it with chump change. We're gonna charge this to Jessie's account. Go back, do a little multiplication. Fifty. Thousand? That is a week of walking around money for Jessie. We don't have time for negotiation games. I'm not sure that there's a deal to be made. There is always a deal to be made. Get it done. We need to talk. David, whatever it is, I don't have time for it, all right? I'm in the middle of a major spin cycle for a major client. Detective Rodriguez cornered me in the courtyard last night. I always thought he had a crush on you. He thinks that you had something to do with the murder. And he wants me to admit that our alibi's a sham, and if I don't, he's gonna find a reason to throw me in jail. He can't do that. I mean, he doesn't have proof that we weren't together. He did tell me a funny story about you meeting with a P.I. the night that Sydney was murdered, hiring him to break into her place. You weren't with a married client that night, were you? Why did you lie to me, El? I know you didn't kill her. Yeah, I didn't kill her, but that P.I. I hired-- he was a hothead, David. If Syd found him in her apartment, he easily could have killed her, and if he did, well, that would make yours truly an accessory to murder. He didn't kill her, Ella. How do you know? I just know. Last time I checked, you're not a psychic. So, why don't you tell me what's going on, David? I blacked out that night. You know how I get when I'm that drunk. Landing in bed with some double-bagger... After you told me that Syd was sleeping with my dad... I was so mad at her, El. I know, I know. You hate the pretentious idiots who go to art openings, but... I'm dragging you to this one. And when we come back, I will make it worth your while. Why, Syd? David, let go of my arm. Why did you have to use me? What are you talking about? You were sleeping with my father! He calls it off, so you come after me to make him jealous? I loved you. At the cemetery, you knew exactly who I was. And your father... I bet he's alive and well, isn't he? You'll say and do anything to get what you want. You're nothing but a pathetic whore. And you are a spoiled brat. David. Do you really think that you could have done it? Honestly, El? I don't know. 50 bucks says the band inside plays "Celebration" within the first 3 songs. All right. I'll take that bet. Double or nothing. The other two songs will be "Hot Hot Hot" and "Unchained Melody." All right. You're on. I guess we should start thinking about bands for our wedding. Bands? Bands are way too unpredictable, and then they take breaks, and you have to feed them. DJ all the way. What are you talking about? Bands are so much more fun to dance to. Maybe after the 45-minute sound check. Would you... maybe consider having a band because it's what I want? Now you want me to start considering the other person's feelings? Dangerous precedent. What is that supposed to mean? You don't think I consider your feelings? - Videographers. - Get ready. And be sure you get close-ups of the vows. They'll always want to remember how in love they were on their wedding day. Hey, Lauren. Yo, woman. You would make, like, the best porn doctor ever. Fancy. I like it. Oh, my God. My God. What are you doing? I was just going to ask you the same thing, pretty woman. The late nights. The amazing wardrobe. The mystery men. How did I not figure this out sooner? Figure what out? My dad sent me that money for school. Who's your dad, Tony Soprano? This is a brick of cold cash. He won it playing poker. He's been playing every Wednesday night, ever since I was a kid. Lor, it's the middle of the afternoon, and you're dressed like a million bucks. Which better be in the ballpark of what you're charging. I was at a luncheon, okay? An interns special honors lunch. And I resent you interrogating me like I'm some kind of... Prostitute? You're right. I'm sorry. Having said that, if you help my client, maybe I can relieve you from some of your intern luncheons. You're not seriously still trying to get me to change Jessie's hospital records? I'm confused. You refuse to screw the system just a little bit, but you have no problem at all screwing... Seriously, stop. We're offering you $50,000. No more having to get money from Daddy. You can pay for school yourself. My career comes first. Thought you of all people would understand that. I vow to always be honest with you. To never keep a secret from you. 'Cause sharing my life means sharing everything with you, the good and the bad. And knowing that whatever we come up against, and no matter what we go through, how tough things get, we'll handle it... together. That was so sweet. I was actually tearing up during the vows. Yeah, I saw that. I kissed someone last night. What? Her name's Kendra. She works for Andrew Misher. Oh, God. I had the same exact reaction when I found out you kissed Auggie. But the difference between us is, you carried on like nothing ever happened, and I feel like absolute crap. I can explain the Auggie thing. Now you want to explain it. That blows my mind, since you've been going out of your way to keep it from me for... how many weeks? You have no idea how much I wanted to come out and tell you. But you didn't! And, meanwhile, I had to tell you, because it's just been eating at me all day. The Auggie thing... it was meaningless. It was a stupid mistake. It wasn't worth telling you, and then fighting about, and then... Finding out how awful it feels to rip someone's heart out? If I could take it back, Jonah, I would. I'm so sorry. I don't know what else to say. There's nothing else to say. I've got a reception to shoot. Where is it? It was right here. Oh, no, it's gone. Someone killed this porterhouse twice. I said medium rare. I'm on it. Everything okay? You... you seem a little stressed out. Yeah, I'm fine. What are you doing here? I was wondering if I could talk to you for a minute. Do you mind, Violet? No, not at all. What's going on? Why did you tell Jonah we kissed? Riley, I'm so sorry about that. The way he was talking, it sounded like you already told him. I completely screwed up. Yeah, so did I. By getting drunk that night. Obviously, if I were sober, that would have never happened, ever. It was a one time thing. We just... we got caught up in the moment. There was no moment, Auggie. That's what I'm trying to say. It will never happen again. I know. Because... I don't think we should hang out anymore. It's ruining my relationship. What, so no coffee, no jogging, no doing what friends do? I'm getting married... to Jonah. I love him, and it bothers him when we hang out. I'm sorry. It's the way it has to be. You know I care about you, Auggie. Please tell me you understand. It makes complete sense. I totally get it. Finally. Let me see the documents. I got the Smoking Gun on standby. Plan "B." You ready? It's good. What the hell are you talking about? What happened to plan "A"? Where are the medical records? Turns out my friend's a lot more stubborn than I thought. I am as shocked as you are. You said you live with this rse. Dig up everything you can find. Malpractice suits, test scores, what... I have a better idea. We let the story out... exactly how it is. The truth. I'm sorry. Did you get your hands on Jessie's stash and ingest all of it? Look, paying off hospitals, pretending like none of this ever happened... we'd only be enabling him. Is this a plan "B" or an intervention? Both. Look, this kid's life has to come before his career, and if we bury it, it's only a matter of time before he ends up back in this hospital getting his stomach pumped. Plus, you and I both know that there is a solid chance that some tabloid has a hospital worker on payroll. At least this way we control the story. Exactly. And if Jessie is spoon-fed a healthy dose of public humiliation and goes through rehab, not only will he be healthy, but the baby-faced tweenybopper turns into a leading man. It's risky... but inspired. I'm gonna go make some phone calls. Oh, and Caleb, for the record, my friend... she's not a nurse. She's going to be one of the finest doctors this hospital has ever had on staff. Deglaze, don't torch the place. It's under control, Chef. I don't taste the thyme. Great, I'll just put it back to the way I originally had it. I don't need attitude. And from now on, when you're on shift, no ducking out to whisper sweet nothings to your exotic girlfriend. She's just a friend. Come on. I saw the way you two were staring into each other's eyes, which was fine because... I couldn't stop staring at her ass. Don't talk about her like she's a piece of meat. She's not a piece of meat. She's sweet like dessert. You up for sharing? Just stay back, stay back. Oh, my God, Auggie! Stop! Get off of me! Get off of me! Calm down, calm down. Look, I'm not exactly the best company right now. You left your knives at the restaurant. I knew you'd want them. Thanks. Who needs Coal? You are way too good for that place. And Marcello... he had it coming. That guy is a total dick. I just lost control like I was out of my body. I couldn't stop. You don't need to hear this. I'm your friend. You can tell me anything. Whatever you need. Does it hurt? I'm sorry. I shouldn't have. Yes, you should. Look what was just turned in. Construction worker found it at a site in Van Nuys. Blade size is consistent with Sydney Andrews' wounds. Get it to the lab. Put a rush on it. I'm so sorry, Syd. I'm so sorry. Yeah, tomorrow's great. I look forward to it, okay. I'll be there. So I was just at Coal. Telling Auggie that we can't hang out with each other anymore. I didn't tell you to do that. I wouldn't tell you to do that. I know; I wanted to. We come first. Was that another job? It was... Kendra, actually. You're seeing her tomorrow? To work on my pitch. You know, for Andrew Misher. I just told one of my closest friends that I'm going to have nothing to do with him. I didn't ask you to do that. I wanted to show you how much you matter to me, and you are in here making plans with some girl you kissed. This is my career. I'm not going to stop working with a development executive just because you and I are having trouble. You're obviously not going to feel guilty about it either. This is the only producer who cares about my film in this town. I can't afford to just walk away from that. My relationship with Kendra... from now on, it's... it's strictly professional. Now, if you just want to maybe... I don't know... trust me, fine, but if not, I don't... I don't know what to say. What is happening to us? I feel like we are on two trains heading in two completely opposite directions. And it's bigger than Auggie or Kendra. I feel like... ever since I asked you to marry me, things have just been... off. We have our issues; everyone does. Relationships aren't always easy, but come on, it's us. Jonah, I am willing to do something about it. Are you? I want to save us. I hate fighting with you. Fighting with you sucks. Whatever this... this place that we're in right now, it sucks. If I could just... if I could erase everything that's happened over the last couple days, I would. I can't. So where do we go from here? Lor, it's rare I say these words, but... I'm sorry. Walking into ULA, trying to buy your signature, I don't know what I was thinking, but I'm sorry for even thinking it and... I-I'm even more sorry for assuming that you might go along with it. I promise I will never ask you to compromise your doctor's ethics again. Unless it involves a future prescription pad. I saw Jessie's story break on the news. Yeah, genius, right? A few Psas, he'll be the next Robert Downey Jr. But... you were right. The best thing for him was to come clean. So I hope you're not sharing your ridiculous theories about me with the whole world. No, I didn't say a word about my ridiculous theories, and I won't bring them up again... to anyone, including you. But if you're ready to talk about it, I'm here, and if you're never ready to talk about it, I will still be here. There's nothing to talk about. Understood. Now, can we go watch some movies? How about a Julia Roberts marathon? Okay, you make one more Pretty Woman joke, I will kill you. Hey, I was going to say