but that doesn't make her a murderer. There's a hostess that just quit at Coal. If I can put in a good word for you... We're getting married, guys. All my life all I wanted was to be a doctor. I went on this fancy dinner with this guy. He offered me $5,000 to have sex with him. I'm Ella Simms, junior publicist. Jonah, you are a hugely-talented filmmaker. What's a rich boy like you doing this stuff for? Look, I need cash, okay? David, what happened? I borrowed a buddy of mine's bike, spun it out. Your injuries are completely inconsistent with your story. Anton V wants you to model for his new line. Ella has a thing for you. - You think Ella's trying to come between us when you and Auggie are, like...? Friends? Oh, God. You can come to me with anything. We're not gonna make it if we just keep secrets from each other. No more secrets. Oh, that's beautiful. Amazing. Oh, this is wonderful. I love it. It's heaven. Oh, it's gorgeous. Work it. That's it. Do I look tired? I got, like, an hour of sleep last night. No. What, pre-photo shoot jitters? Your smile could melt the polar ice caps. Okay? That lens is gonna love you today. Well, it doesn't make me feel any less guilty for telling my students that their teacher has a case of the sniffles. So what? You go a couple of days without a gold star. Not the end of the world. A little white lie not gonna hurt you, especially if we're getting ten grand for you to pose in a pair of jeans. Oh, my God, isn't your huge meeting at Paramount today? Why am I the only one having an anxiety attack? I guess I'm just good at hiding my nerves. I mean, I'm only about to have a sit-down with a guy whose films have grossed over a billion dollars. Do you realize, if Andrew Misher turns Living in Reverse into a feature, this could be huge for me. Nothing would make me happier. But for the record, I don't need to see your name in the opening credits to know that I am marrying the perfect guy. We wouldn't even be daydreaming about any opening credits if you hadn't talked me up to that agent. What are you doing? They're back. - The sparrows? - Yeah. See the eggs? You know what that means? That you win the bet. And that I have the honor of bringing you - lattes for the next week. - Lucky me. What are you guys looking at? Oh, nothing. We were just, uh... we had a bet whether or not these sparrows would be back. Oh, how sweet. Shouldn't you be in a classroom right now? Actually, I'm taking the day off. I'm sort of working this shoot for Anton V jeans. Well, like, as a photo assistant? Like as a model. No way. A model? Guess I'm just used to you in a ponytail and running shorts. Well, that's sort of why they hired me. The campaign is "Real People Wear Real Denim." Anton saw me at one of Jonah's jobs, and, I don't know, wanted to photograph me. I don't blame him. I don't know. All those people staring at you. Sounds totally stressful. Yeah, tell me about it. I better go. The shoot is way out in Malibu. Well, you're going to do great. So... I hate to be the neighbor who is, like, always asking for a cup of sugar, but I just got this new furniture, and it's in, like, 200 pieces. Yeah, I could probably help you out with that. Thank you so much. I seriously didn't know what I was going to do if you said no. Yeah, I, uh... I think I should be free after work, so, I guess I could stop by after that. Perfect. Okay. Riley? Miss Richmond? - You better have a tardy slip. - You're here? WPK wanted me to hold your hand through your first shoot, but so far, I've only had to make excuses for the late model. There was an accident on PCH. - Where's Anton? - Driving in from downtown. No wonder he's running late. Next time, just leave a couple hours earlier, okay? This is a big deal, Riley. You could have missed a lot more than just the Pledge of Allegiance. Remember, you look good, I look good. Now, come on, let's go. Look at you. No scars, no bruising. - Looks like you're gonna live, after all. - Thanks to you, I'm a new man. Just no more fistfights, all right? - Doctor's orders. - Can't make any promises. Might want to tend to this one. These people. God. I've told them, like, ten times there's been some mistake. They keep sending me these stupid notices. The bold-faced "Past Due" on that envelope looks pretty serious. It's nothing to be embarrassed about. It's not like you're the first person who's ever fallen behind on a tuition payment. Right. This is from the guy who's never worried about a bill in his life. Nice. How much do you need? It's fine. They've given me till the end of semester to pay in full, and I've already made a lot of headway, so it's-it's fine. How much? $20,000. Let me loan it to you. What?! - There's no way. - Straight up. No interest. There's got to be some benefit in knowing a kid with a trust fund, right? That's a really generous offer, but even with a trust fund, you can afford to spare that kind of money? When they're gonna kick the best doctor I've ever had out of med school, I can. But money and friends... That can get complicated. I don't... I'll make sure it doesn't. Sleep on it. So Anton is obsessed with this photographer. Another one of his genius ideas. He started using her six months ago after he saw her shots of the starving children in Africa. Pretty much he would go to the edge of the world for her. And that is basically where we are now. I didn't realize there would be so many people here. Keep the butterflies to yourself. Try not to think about the fact that everybody out here is here braving the elements because of you. Come on. Gorgeous hair, sparkling eyes. You must be my model. Riley Richmond, meet Jo Reynolds. Oh, my God. You're Jo Reynolds? The photojournalist. The fashion photographer. What do you say we shoot this thing? Dark_Chii, edouardn, Just-In, Luoleilina, SirHill et WoLF971</i> All right, schoolteacher, let's start with some test shots. I have to admit, it's a little intimidating posing for you. Chin up. Actually, I studied your "Snapshots from Darfur" project at NYU. - It was really powerful. - Turn to the left. Yeah, Darfur was mind-blowing and heartbreaking. Have you ever been to Africa? I wish. Started teaching right after graduation, so, not a lot of time for travel. Well, isn't that what summers are for? There's a whole world outside of that classroom of yours. My fiance and I have a few bills to pay off before we can even think about traveling around the world. Fiance? Aren't you a little young to commit for the rest of your life? I'm just going to change a lens. Take five. This is never gonna work. She's a total amateur. That's why Anton hired her... A real girl for real denim. Oh, come on. Models are like jeans. You just have to break them in a little bit. I see this all the time with the new girls. You know, she's just afraid to lose her inhibitions. I need hot, I need sexy. How am I doing? Is everything okay? You're doing great. I'm just gonna shake it up a bit, look for a different look, so, um, keep the jeans, and lose the top. There you go. Parking's straight ahead. Well, sure, Johnny, take your time, but I got to be honest with you. Leo's people are all over me for this role, so let us know soon, huh? All right. Hey, take care, Johnny. You must be the Jonah Miller. Living in Reverse. I'm Andy. That wasn't... was that Johnny Depp on the phone? Welcome to the dream, my friend. We got a lot to discuss. I am a huge fan of your films. When I heard that you watched my short, I was... I thought they were going to have to peel me up off the floor. Good. 'Cause I got to tell you, I loved it. I completely identified with that character. It's like everything is finally going right, and then bang! - It all turns upside down. - Exactly. So, here's what I think. Love the title. Okay. Love the characters. Not so in love with the story in reverse. I mean, that's... it's kind of the point, 'cause it's called Living In Reverse. Yeah, but who wants to pay ten bucks to see a movie backwards? Right. Trust me on this one. All right, let's go, hot stuff. Jo's locked and loaded. Ella, you have to stop this. I am not taking my shirt off. Riley, sweetheart, this is a jeans ad. A little skin is par for the course. Does Anton know about this? He's still on the road, but I just spoke to him, and he loves the take. Okay? Jo knows what she's doing. What happens when my parents Google my name and they see this on the Internet? You're an adult, Riley. How many people do you know that can throw on a pair of jeans and get paid ten grand? Which... not to mention... is, like, 50 wilderness scout videos in Jonah dollars. Maybe I'm just not cut out for this. Come on, Riley, you're beautiful. And not just denim ad beautiful, either. You're one of those girls who can't walk into a room without everyone falling in love with them. It's disgusting, actually. Thanks... I guess. And the camera is the same way. You know, you'll walk out there, it'll fall madly in love with you, everyone will gush and... it'll be great. To be totally honest, you were the last person I wanted by my side for this. But I'm actually glad you're here. Good. Now, will you get your butt out there and try to enjoy being a diva for once? Please, can you? Think bitch. Attitude, attitude. Shake it off. Breathe. Work the ladies, work the ladies, work the ladies. Let's go. Man, if they ever found out I was selling these treasure maps... Yeah, mum's the word. Where are the security codes? - You're doing the world a favor. - By increasing the crime rate? By letting these rich bastards know they can't lie and cheat their way into these million- dollar homes. Hey, this home up on Alpine... they launder drug money. They're getting what they deserve. So, we make the lead a woman. I'm telling you, Cameron Diaz is going to flip for this thing. We tell the story in chronological order, lose all the black and white stuff. How's that sound? Andrew Misher's office... it sounds very different. Great. Listen, I got to head out, but I love what we're orbiting here. Can't wait for your new take. We'll talk soon, kid. Andrew Misher's office... I know that look. You think you're giving Andrew Misher Sling Blade, and he pitches you back the next Freddy Krueger. Oh, no, it wasn't so bad. Right. I'm Kendra, his development exec. Sorry I missed your meeting. I had a five-minute notes call with Michael Bay that turned into two hours of arguing. Geez. Miller, I know. I'm the one Charlie Kitsis called to get you in the door. The door that's about to hit me on the way out? It just turns out that Andrew and I are on... completely separate pages with all this. Andrew's never on anyone's page. But the good news is, I actually have a lot of say in how we develop the scripts. Let me guess. Mine needs a 3-D alien invasion followed with... an apocalypse? Actually, I wouldn't change a thing. I want to turn Living in Reverse into a feature film. And if you're not busy now, I'd love to discuss what we can do to make that happen... on your terms. Are you punking me? Is it, like... Seriously? So, what's taking her so long? Okay, so here's the deal. Riley's chest has seen the light of day about as often as the latest Usher album. She's been with... three guys her entire life, and her idea of a good time is hanging out at Whole Foods trying to convince you to save the whales. So, if you want her to feel comfortable, you're going to have to appeal to her sensibilities. Comfortable is the last thing I want her to feel. All right. You ready? You good to lose the shirt? "Good" is stretching it. Come on, sweetie. Riley, this is a jeans ad, you know. All the models are topless, and I don't come up with this stuff, so just relax... deep breath. It'll be beautiful. Here we go. There we go. Don't be afraid to show that body of yours. No more fake smiles. We tried that already. Come on, this is a campaign about raw emotion. You're a real woman with real feelings. Let it all out. What do you think I'm trying to do? I don't know. You're still hiding it. Come on. These are the jeans that the teacher puts on after the bell rings. She's new at this, remember? Go easy on her. I want you to show me the side of you that wants to unchain herself from the classroom, from the fiance that's stopping you from being the person you really want to be. I am the person I want to be. Come on. Nobody really wants to teach public school and marry some guy who can't even pay the bills! Come on. You're just afraid of the unknown. All right, that's it. You know what? That guy is someone I love, and that classroom is my passion. Even on the hardest days, at least I know I'm following my heart. That's a lot more than I can say about you. Sweetheart, why don't we go for a walk and unwind a little bit? Somebody get her a benzo, ASAP. Forget it, I quit. You have a minute? Now is not actually a good time. You okay? Just on my way to a business meeting. So, um... David, if your offer still stands, I... I'd actually like to take you up on that loan. We can organize a payment plan. Money's yours. Just give me a couple of days to make it happen. Thank you... so much. No worries. Studying to be an architect? That? No, it's just some property I'm thinking about acquiring. Really? Beverly Hills mansion. I knew you had money, but... I'm just looking for now. Putting my feelers out there for some investment opportunities. Since when has flipping multi-million dollar real estate been a hobby of yours? Since... forever. Is something wrong, David? You in trouble? 'Cause if you are, you can tell me. Nobody's in any trouble. Now, uh... do you mind? I got to get ready. Okay. So... that little paper thingy you signed? Yeah, that was a contract. You can't leave. I didn't sign off on being humiliated. If this is what being a model is about, it's not for me. Okay, look. Anton is on his way, and if you're not here, then I get an ass-whipping, and it turns into a PR nightmare. That is all you care about, isn't it? Furthering your career. Hey, I meant what I said in there, okay? It's your choice if you don't want to believe in yourself. Since when does believing in myself require me to abandon all self-respect? Do you think Jonah's self-respect soars through the roof every time he shoots a Dora the Explorer- themed birthday bash? No! It's called compromise, Riley. You know what, just stop. I don't trust you. I have never trusted you, and I am not having this conversation with you. Well, have fun having it with your fiancs, then, when you tell him you blew it today. I mean, really? Giving up on ten grand because of a little ego bruise? Kind of says a lot about the way things work at home, doesn't it? You heading out? Yeah. That killer lunch rush. Just hoping my legs will hold till I get to the bus stop. I can take you home if you want. On your motorcycle? Only if you appreciate that a Triumph is so much more than a motorcycle. Auggie, I... I don't want to take your helmet. Are you kidding me? You think I'd ever let anything happen to you? Come on. Let's go. I loved how you played with shadows. Well, that whole last sequence, that was lit by one super-long string of Christmas lights. What? Yeah. It wasn't going to work, I didn't think, 'cause the Santa bulbs kept getting in the way, but it actually... it, uh, turned out really cool. Well, look, Jonah, you're obviously passionate about your vision, and as the voice in Andrew's ear, I want to make sure he knows exactly what that vision is. Thank you so much. I mean, this movie is pretty much my life. Movies in general are my life. Hooked the moment I saw Chitty Chitty Bang Bang at the Ritz Five. Wait. What? The Ritz Five in Philly? You've been there? Kendra, that's where I'm from. - What? - I'm from Philly. The Ritz Five is one of my favorite movie theaters of all time. - Me, too. - I've had life-altering experiences in those hallowed walls. Oh, my... Taxi Driver... And Rang Bull. The Scorsese festival. The best... - I go every year at Christmas. - Me, too. I ca... This... I can't deal with this. Like, we've probably been standing in line ordering popcorn together. I think I would have remembered you. Yeah, I definitely think I would have remembered you. You know, I'm having drinks tonight at Katsuya with the VP of Paramount. We'll probably be done by 10:00. You want to join me after? Uh, meet you after your drinks? To work on our pitch. T... to work on the pitch. Sounds good, sounds... yeah, sounds great. I'll save you a seat at the bar. What are you doing? You don't want to buy this house. My real estate agent stood me up. I'm actually just on my way out. Yeah, so what's with the black gloves? Lauren, this isn't a good time. Right. First you get beaten up, then the blueprints. The bag... David, what's going on? You're completely overreacting. Then show me what's in there. This is ridiculous. Excuse me. Lauren, get in the car. We got to get out of here. Now. Guess there's no love lost between you and the speed limit. I peeked back a few times to make sure you were still holding on. All that adrenaline tired me out. How about a margarita before we tackle the furniture? Virgin, obviously. Sure, why not? You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Hey, hey, what's up? Nothing, I just... I totally tanked the shoot, and now I have to break the news to Jonah that that extra money we were counting on doesn't exist. Hey, it was just one shoot. Yeah, exactly, one shoot. Do you know how many video jobs Jonah's had to sweat through just so we can make rent? Do you want to come over for a minute? I'll make some tea. You can shed some of that stress. No, looks like you're in the middle of something. I'm okay. No, no, it's, it's totally fine. Come over, please. Is Riley okay? Yeah, she's just... she's just had a rough day. Um, do you mind if I help you out tomorrow? No, of course not. Riley obviously needs you more than I do. Thanks, Violet. Ella said the photographer was trying to strip away my inhibitions. I don't know. Sounds like she took you for a rough ride out there. I moved where she wanted, I looked where she wanted, I did everything she said. I mean... Auggie, I even took my shirt off. How'd that go? How do you think? I'm a schoolteacher pretending to be some sort of supermodel. Yeah, well, you're allowed to want more than one thing in life, Riley. Jonah is going to hate me for giving up that money. Riley, I don't know if you know this, but it's kind of impossible to hate you. He'll understand. I just had to get out of there. She just kept pushing me to be this reckless, carefree kind of person who just throws caution to the wind. It's like she was trying to make me question my choices in life. You don't think I'm too young to get married, do you? I don't think I'm the right guy to answer that. You know, um, instead of drinks, like, if you just want to meet at your office another day, my schedule is super loose. Eh, don't worry about it. Drinks go on the company card. You got to love a studio gig. You've seen Autumn Falls, right? Three times. My ex-boyfriend wrote and directed it. Kevin Carlyle is your ex-boyfriend? Andrew plucked him out of obscurity and made him huge. You kind of remind me of him. Thank you. Look, I got to be honest with you, Kendra. I don't know if I can come tonight. How come? It's just I... well, I, I kind of have some plans already. So, you know... All right, well, if you happen to free up, You know where I'll be. Caleb, Muffin, I would hardly call the shoot a disaster. Look, I'm sure Jo got some amazing shots. Of course I'll work it out. I always do. That girl was a waste of my time. So Riley's no Elle Macpherson. Not like you did her any favors, constantly reminding her of that. With amateurs, it's my job to ruffle their feathers. Without that little push, she couldn't even get off the ground. Right, and you're the professional, supposedly. Maybe you shouldn't have pushed her so hard. It's what I do. Until she's able to tap into who she really is, she should stick to the ABC's instead of selling out for a pair of jeans and a few thousand bucks. Selling out? I'm sorry, weren't you the one who traded in the refugee camps for a 12-page spread in Vogue? Maybe Riley wasn't the only one posing out there today. Isn't this bird's nest, like, the coolest thing ever? If it wasn't dive-bombing our doorway. What were you doing out here... gauging the pH levels? No, I was just taking a break. I've been trying to put some furniture together. Right. I would lend you a hand with that, but, uh, I have a date with Riley when she gets back from her photo shoot. I think Riley's back already. No, I'm pretty sure she's not. She was going to call me on her way home. Well, then, maybe your phone's messed up. She came home about a half hour ago. She's probably still at Auggie's. Sh... she went to Auggie's? He was supposed to help me assemble my furniture, but then she came home and she was super upset, so he invited her over. Wait... did something happen at the shoot? No clue. You know how the two of them are... like everything's their little secret. I should let you get back to your life. I promise I won't drag you into any more of my meltdowns. Riley, we all have our moments. We wouldn't be human if we didn't. Oh, hey, buddy. Come on in. I heard you had a big meeting with a producer today. How was your meeting? Please tell me we have a reason to celebrate. Yeah, yeah, it went, uh, went great. That's awesome. I am so glad you're home. I'm starving and in desperate need of a champagne buzz. Oh, I guess that means your shoot went well? I will tell you all about it when we get home. I want to borrow a bike pump from Auggie. Meet you back at the ranch? I'll go dig out those veggie burgers that have been hiding in the freezer. Perfect. Thanks for the tea, Anytime. What's going on here? What are you talking about? I'm talking about the hours on end you spend behind closed doors with my fiancée. Riley's shoot didn't go as planned. She just wanted to talk about it. And look who was more than happy to throw a strong shoulder in her direction. You were in a meeting, she didn't want to bother you. Seriously, that's all that happened. Right. So, you're still playing the "we're just friends" card? I'm not playing any card, Jonah. We are just friends. Really? Because I saw security footage of you guys sitting out in the courtyard acting like way more than friendly. You mean the day after Sydney died? I was barely holding it together. Riley was the one person who would talk to me. I'm sure it was the sound of her voice you found so incredibly consoling. You're way off base. I just want you to tell me that you and Riley have not crossed the line of friendship. You know, she always jokes that you're paranoid. She's not really joking, is she? Look, Riley and I have already talked about what happened, I think maybe it's time that you fess up. She kissed me, not the other way around. She kissed you? Wha... Look, I'm talking about... She kissed you? It's not what you think. She was drunk. She loves you. Trust me. So, what should we toast? To your bright future as a filmmaker? Or my terribly short career as a model? Okay, you are either really thirsty or really upset. Why did you go to Auggie? Jonah, you were having the biggest meeting of your career. I didn't want to burden you with my modeling woes. Right, well, you could have texted me. I guess it was just... just easier to go to Auggie's open door. What? This isn't about Auggie, it's about me, completely blowing it today. Ten grand. Gone. I mean, I... I showed up, and... I couldn't follow through. I really wanted to do this for you, Jonah, and I couldn't. I let you down. No, you didn't. You didn't let me down. At least not because you ran out on some... some photo shoot. I don't care about the money. You get that, right? All I care about is knowing that you're telling me the truth. So there's nothing going on between you two? Are you... are you seriously still worried about Auggie and me? Nothing has ever happened between you guys? Your ring is on my finger. You are the only guy I want to be with. You want the truth, that's it. Right. You sound entirely convinced. I just gotta get some air. Whatever you need to do. What, are you stalking me now? David, this is serious. That must've been thousands of dollars worth of diamonds. Not really your problem, is it? Is it the thrill? Do you get off on doing this to people? I see. First you're my doctor, now you're my shrink. David, if you think you need to go out and take what's not yours, there's obviously something missing in your life. What would you know about that, huh? That's right. Miss prim and proper. The ambitious doctor who's got it all figured out. You wouldn't have any idea what it's like to have to bend the rules just to get by. You don't think there are times when I feel powerless? When I just want to close my eyes and pretend that I was somebody else? You know what? It doesn't mean I go out and victimize people. They're not victims. The people that I target... white-collar criminals. Scum of the Earth. Just like my father. What does this have to do with Dr. Mancini? My dad's not the miracle worker that you and your med school buddies put on a pedestal, I'm sorry. Well, you know what, David? No father's perfect. He never had an interest in being my father, Laur. You know, the idea of a... of trust fund is almost laughable considering he's done everything in his power to forget I even exist. Well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry he let you down. You didn't deserve it. But stealing? Come on, David, that's not how to get back at him. Maybe you're right. But it does allow to loan money to my friends, doesn't it? David, do you think I want anything to do with your money now that I know where it comes from, huh? So, where's your moral compass pointing to now? Police? My old man? I'm going to do you the biggest favor of your life. I'm going to keep it between us. And in return, you're never going to steal again. Go ahead. Answer it. Still need a hand? I wasn't expecting you to show up. Yeah, sorry I had to bail earlier. It's cool. Building this thing has actually been kind of therapeutic. Really? 'Cause that's exactly what I'm looking for right now. Are you okay? Yeah, just my sponsor'not answering his phone. I'll be fine. I just think putting my hands to work would... help clear my mind. Great. So... what are we making? My new bed. Your new bed. Let's do this. All right. Oh, these... It's your favorite photographer. I couldn't believe when I looked your address. I used to live in this very building. Are you serious? Right over there. A lot of memories in this place. A lot of them I'd rather forget. I noticed someone still rides a motorcycle. Is that your fiance's? Someone else, actually. Listen, I came by to tell you that you kind of hit a nerve with me today, when you told me to go to hell. Look, you were just doing your job. I was totally out of my element... No, but you were right. I told you to set yourself free, and maybe it's time I take my own advice. Does that mean you're thinking about going back to Darfur? Actually, I was thinking of heading south for a bit, to bring some media attention to the food shortage in Latin America. Well, you're obvious the right woman for the job. You have a gift of exposing things in your photos that most people are afraid to look at in real life. It comes with a big pay cut. Well, if it makes you feel any better, you kind of got through to me, too. Maybe I have closed myself off. Maybe I need to be a little more open-minded. You know, when I was your age, I was engaged. After I left him, that's when my real life kicked in. How did you know it was the right thing to do? I didn't. I almost forgot. Listen, don't worry about how today ended. Anton, he saw that last photo. He said he's never seen such raw emotion in his whole life. Congratulations. You are the new face of Anton V. Jeans. You're kidding me. Oh, my God. Good luck, Riley. You showed. I was scared missed you. What happened to your plans? Just decided it was an opportunity