SEED schools. One way or another, I will make this school happen, even if I have to raise every penny by myself. Amanda does not come all the way across the country</i> - just to slap us on the wrist. - She's the president of WPK. Jonah Miller, I would like you to meet Curtis Heller. - This better be good. - Curtis Heller wants to buy your movie! Stealing art? Isn't that kind of a twisted way to make a living?</i> - I don't know what you're talking about. - I know you're the embezzler. And it appears that you've stolen hundreds of thousands of dollars. I overheard you talking to Jo. You set me up. You don't get to do whatever you want with Riley anymore. She's not your girlfriend. Six months ago, I fell behind in my tuition payments. I had sex for money. I was a prostitute. - You see that star right there? - What star right there? The big, bright one. Next to that cluster of little ones. - They all look exactly the same. - My God, you're blind. Right there. Did you seriously just fall for the oldest trick in the book? You are hilarious. And so dead. Okay, stop. The last thing my fundraiser needs is a host with severe chlorine hair. Truce. Fine. I don't care what your hair looks like. You're gonna kick so much ass tomorrow. You'll be breaking ground on that dream school before those zillionaires can say "tax deduction". We'll see. Ben Brinkley's friends go to dozens of these things. I hope they don't show up and think that the "Child Inside Us" theme is completely ridiculous. Are yodding me? How often do these people get to loosen their ties and go nuts on a bouncy castle? They'll be shoveling money at the Seed Foundation. Trust your instincts. Hospital? I don't hear anything. - Good-bye. - See you tomorrow. It's Drew... Give me 20. Ella Bella, you are not gonna believe this. Curtis Heller invited me into a casting session for Living in Reverse. How awesome is that? Hey, Jonah. Will you... show me how to do something? Kind of looks like you know exactly what you're doing here. There are a few things that you know how to do better than me... Really? - Name one. - For... example... Computers. And since you've accessed the WPK server before, I thought that you... could teach me how to get in so I could delete the illegal billings that Amanda's using to frame me with. Whoa. Ella, wait. Stop. If there's one thing I learned from my single day of employment at WPK, it's to keep my nose out of other people's megabytes. Jonah, do you see what I'm wearing? Yes, and I love it. Now picture this covered in a prison jumpsuit. That's Amanda's plan. Which is exactly why I've been urging you to get a lawyer. You can't undo one illegal action with another. Not going to win you any favors with the judge. You're talking as if I'm gonna get caught. But if you teach me how, no one will ever have to know. Even if I showed you how, it would still be impossible. All the files are on Gabe Taylor's computer. - The nerdy accountant? - He wears glasses, if that's what you mean. And yeah, without the digital password on his little key chain, you won't be able to log onto his desktop. And let me guess... this key chain never leaves his side. It might as well be nuclear launch codes. He was so jumpy. And then I realized he was just nervous I'd uncover his online dating addiction. Point taken. This salmon's a graveyard. Another guest finds a bone in his entree, I will break every one of yours. Do we understand? - Guests can hear you at the bar. - What? What the hell is this? Which one of you morons destroyed this filet? I cut my finger, and I was getting a Band-Aid. I don't care if your finger is dangling by a tendon. You don't abandon your station during a rush. I don't know where you worked before, but this is my ship. - I said that's enough! - I'm trying to do my job. You don't have a job. You're fired. Are you insane? The only reason people come to this place is to eat my food. Get out of my restaurant. Good luck staying in business. All right. Yeah. Let's go. - He's flat-lining. - Come on, Kevin. Stay with me! Charge! Clear! 360. Going again. - Charge. Clear! - We've been on him for 45 minutes. - 360. One more time. Charge. - It's over, Pragin. Come on. Come on, Kevin. Come on! I'm calling it. Time of death: 10:55. He's gone, Drew. I'm sorry. I thought I saw you walk in here. What are you doing? - Did you just take his blood? - Yeah, I did. - Why? - Research. It's part of the hematology program. Did you get the consent of his family? - What are you, the hall monitor? - What if the chief resident found out one of his students was sneaking around blood in his lab coat? Look, if there's anyone who understands how to keep a secret, it's you. Now, I didn't ask you any questions because I'm sure you had your reasons. Well, I've got mine. ***********************CREDITS********************** I'm here in the flesh this time, not just some disembodied voice leaving unreturned phone messages. Look, it's not that I didn't want to talk to you. I just didn't know what to say. - To anybody. - What about "Help"? You're my best friend, Lauren. If you needed money or advice or a shoulder, that's where I come in. As my best friend, Riley, you know how difficult it is for me to admit to failure. Struggling to pay for med school isn't failure, Lauren. And all of those unreturned voice mails were to let you know that what happened doesn't change a single thing between us. You're my best friend, no matter what. Oh, thank you. How's David doing with everything? How am I going to get him to trust me again, Riley? - He won't even look at me. - You find a way to talk to him. Let him know how you feel. Where are you off to so fast? You know, Hugo's serves breakfast all day. I fired Marcello last night, and I found out that he took three chefs, my hostess, and my bartender with him. - Oh, my God. - The kitchen must be insane. If it's not on fire yet. Wish me luck. Good luck. Let me give you a hand. - I got it, actually. - Right. Of course. Totally capable. Never thanked you for donating that "Day on the set with Owen Anderson" for the auction. - That was sweet. - It was nothing. You're the one doing everything. Man, those kids at the school are lucky you're going to be looking out for them. Thanks, Jonah. That's either the most awkward yoga outfit I've ever seen or today's definitely not Saturday. I'm totally cheating on my Bikram class for this work lunch. But I am going to see the both of you at that fundraiser doohickey thingy, yeah? - Can't wait. - Good. Don't you dare get any ideas on that casting couch today, got it? Got it. I know it's a little unconventional,</i> but since our casting director has swine flu, I thought maybe you could read, Jacob's part with the girls. Are you serious? I would love that. There he is. Simon, how are you? I am ready to finally cast this thing. - Hey! Jonah's here. Hello. - What's happening, wunderkind? Oh, you know, just trying to wrap my head around the fact that you are directing my life. You know, like, major "out of body" going on here... I gotta run down to Eastwood's set. Listen, why don't you guys start without me? I'll watch the tapes. You got a lot going on there. Can you even read the script through all that? It's just me riffing. I had an idea. I want to change the Halloween scene to a Valentine's Day party. The-The scene where Jacob and Rachel meet? That changes a lot, doesn't it? But nobody really wants to see Rachel in a sumo costume, do they? Let's get the girls in here. Julio, where's my snapper? - Never got an order. - We're so short- staffed, David. Are you on table 3? Hey, David. We have a problem. - There's some jerk smoking. - I'll take care of it. And guests with reservations have been waiting forever. - What do I tell them? - Make something up. Okay, everybody, cocktails on the house. Help me out. Thank you all for waiting. - What do you think you're doing? - I'm lending you a hand. Wilson, party of eight? If you guys don't mind being on two separate tables, - I can seat you right now. - Cool with that? Come on. Thanks, guys. Gabe Taylor. Are you up for a matinee? Ella, hey, no, I'm actually... I'm-I'm waiting for someone. - StatsGirl183, by chance? - How did you know that? Because I am your date to Starkiller's Truce. You're StatsGirl? You... You don't look anything like her profile pic. I pretty much cropped that off my friend's Facebook page. What? You know how WPK feels about interoffice dating. This was the only way I could get you to meet me. I-I don't get it. You're like this trendy Hollywood socialite. And I'm just some numbers geek. I mean, we have nothing in common. You see, I hate that. Everybody thinks I'm this Barney's rack, but really, if they would stop and get to know me, they would see that I am a Battlestar watching nerd - with a wicked Halo game. - You watch Battlestar Galactica? Oh, yeah, Starbucks and I are like this. Do not let the Gucci and the guest lists fool you. PR's competitive. I have to act the part. Holy cow, your forearms are bionic. No, no, just... just standard human issue. What's the name of your gym? My gym? I... I-I haven't been in a gym since I nearly died from a bloody nose - during dodgeball. - All right, get out your car keys. I will bet you a family-sized popcorn that there is a gym card right next to your car key. Grocery clubs and library memberships. I, um... I like a lot of butter on my popcorn. I guess we have a few things in common, then. - What's wrong? - Look around. The bouncy's empty. No one's tried the finger-painting wall. Clearly the "Child Inside Us" theme isn't working. Now, look, the, uh, silent auction's in full effect. This one guy seems interested in everything. "Oliver Clothesoff." What a cool guy to get the bidding starting like that. You know, it's weird. He was generous enough to bid on everything except for Jonah's donation. My guess is Oliver didn't want to encourage anything about that. About what? Charity? Riley, it's painfully obvious Jonah's not over you. And his donation is just one of the dozen ways - he's gonna try to win you back. - Win me back? You can concoct your crazy theories all you want. I need to deal with the fact that this fundraiser - is inducing comas on its guests. - Just you wait. Excuse me, ma'am. Have you ever been in a bouncy? In a what? - My God, Drew, no. - That castle over there. What do you say we let our hair down and get our jump on? Hot pot, behind. Does anyone know where we keep the pepper? Julio, Julio, okay, I need two specials, - and where'risotto for 12? - I don't know. Is this really how you want to spend your days off? You know me- always up for a good triage. Trust me, all right? Four summers waitressing at the Quarter Bistro in Cincinnati, you pick up a few things. I know you're trying to help. I've got it under control. Please don't tell me those were the crabs for 15. Okay, guys, I already lied and told them they were on the way. Well, I'm sure that you had them in the palm of your hand. I never thought I'd see Starkiller's Truce with Ella Simms. And I never thought they could stretch out the search for a missing galaxy into two and a half hours. Brr, wow, I wish I would've brought a jacket. Really? I'm kind of sweaty. So, um, would you like to go for an afternoon cocktail? Ella, you're really hot. Oh, thank you. And if this were high school, I'd be panting right now. But I'm pushing 30, and looking to settle down. And, uh, you're not exactly the girl I picture bringing home to Mom and Dad. So, I'm sorry. - Are you, uh, are you okay? - Oh, God, yeah. Yes, I'm fine. I get it. You're dumping me... in the Valley. I guess, uh, I'll see you in the halls. Actually... I'm sorry, I guess I just... couldn't help myself. Toodles! - I think I know how to change a flat... - tire, and guess what? That's not it. Since when are you God's gift to roadside emergencies? Since the alternative seems to be standing here... ... waiting for the tire to magically reinflate itself. Now, give me the jack. Oh, my God! Y... You just totally changed that tire. You're amazing. I love you. Now we'll actually make it to Tenacious D on time. - Wait a second. - Did you just say that you love me? Just sort of slipped out. - How was that? - That was great. Thank you very much. - Really well done. - Thank you. I mean, that actually made my stomach hurt. You know, I want to rewrite that scene so the love thing isn't just like a slip of the tongue. Oh, but that's kind of the whole point. Yeah, but it's not landing. None of the girls felt it. I'm just gonna go out on a limb here and say they weren't feeling it because they can't act. What are you talking about? Wendy Bledsoe, the second to last girl, she's perfect. I totally respect that you're the director here. It's just, the character of Rachel has to just radiate warmth. And be funny and loving, and she cares about other people. I don't know-We have to find an actress with her soul. Look, man, I'm sorry, you know. I tried to give you a shot, but, you're off the project. Somebody will be by to take your order shortly. Thank you. What is this? You're playing hostess? David's short-staffed. I'm helping him out. Lor, no one volunteers to deal with a hungry public without an ulterior motive. If you're trying to win him back, just make sure your next paying job requires an I-9. Not funny, El. I know we never really talked about that thing that we haven't been talking about this whole time, but... I know you had your reasons. And I love you, no matter what. Let's not let this change anything between us. I would love that. There you go. That isn't actually sweat... - on your forehead, is it? - If you're here to help, there's some aprons in the back, you can bus some tables. I don't know what that means. Anyway, I'm here to engage you in a teeny-weeny, - almost nonexistent favor. - I'm a little busy here, El. Well, not now, obviously. After work. Okay, look, I need to break into WPK to take my name off the fabricated accounting reports, and I don't exactly know how to work my way around a lock-pick. - And I do? - You didn't have a problem MacGyvering your way around your dads highly-secured mansion. That was a one-time thing. Amanda is three mouse-clicks away from sending me to prison, okay? I have to fight this. We're gonna deal with this later. Can you please make yourself useful? Go to table 8 and take their drink order. Hello, can I offer... Can I offer you a beverage? I feel like I need a shot of whiskey just to get through this martini menu, but, um... I think I've decided either on the Classic Ginger - or the Thin Mint. - Ooh, both are delicious. I personally am a Cucumber girl. But you know what? Why don't I bring out all three and you can decide for yourself? If I didn't know better, I would think that you were trying to get me drunk. I'll be right back. Do you have any idea who's sittin table 8? That's Bernadette Reese. Who? Only the most important food critic in town. Look, David, if she writes Coal a bad review, all of your hard work will be for nothing. This place will close overnight. Table 8, Alaskan halibut. Quick tutorial. Bernadette likes her plates clean and her food simple. Whatever this shot glass thingy of foam is, bye-bye. Hold on. You're sure about this? Yes, WPK did publicity for her book. Now, Julio what is happening with this garnish? - It's a radish basket. - Lose it. What are we in? No! 1940s Russia? Give the woman some veggies, - for crying out loud. - She looks hungry. - Let's move it, people. - All right, let's go. Your Alaskan halibut. Enjoy your meal. I can't watch. Come on. Is that a smile? Oh, that looked like a wince. You know what, guys? Whatever she writes... good or bad... - I appreciate the help. - Come on, look at all the happy faces. This place is Yelp-proof. Not like you could have done it without me. But be ready tonight. And bring a flashlight. Thank you. You guys rock. We're gonna take a breather. If you want to keep this blood flowing, the potato sack races start in ten. Where were you when I had a classroom full of first graders? Did you see Mrs. Erickson stage-dive to "Mary Had a Little Lamb"? Look at this place. There's a lineup to the bouncy. I think I saw a millionaire eating a Dippin' Stick, and the auction brought in{\ so much }more money than I thought. Did you see the bidding war over Jonah's "Day on the Set"? You know what? This auction's not over yet. What are you doing? Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen. Can I get your attention? Now I know the silent auction is closed, but we have one more item for your bidding pleasure. We do? This band that's been rocking your face off all day... will do a private show for the highest bidder. So let's get this bidding started at $100. $50. Now how about something you guys may actually want? A date with our beautiful host with the cutest dimple... - Miss Riley Richmond. - What?! No, please, Drew, don't. I'll start the bidding off at $200. Who can beat me? - I'm so going to kill you. - I know. $250, anyone? $250. Do I hear $300? $350. Hey, why didn't you tell me Bernadette was leaving? She just paid her bill in cash and bolted. Great. Try and make an honest living, and I can't even last a week. You're doing fine. The food here is excellent, and your guests don't even know you're understaffed today. Lauren, I appreciate what you're doing, okay? I do. But how am I supposed to believe a single word you say, when all you ever did was lie to me? - You think that's what I wanted? - It doesn't matter. Turns out that I never knew you at all, so... You're right. You don't know me. Nobody knows me. I was never good enough for my father. If I'd bring home a 98%, he'd ask me why it wasn't 100. I got into ULA... why not Harvard? I wanted him to accept me. So if you're wondering why I put myself through hell night after night, hating myself through every horrible moment, it was so I could bring home that M.D. and prove to him that I'm worthy of his love. And that's not an excuse for hurting you. But now you know who I am. $750. $800. Did I just hear $800? Now, people, hold on to your pensions. - I'm going to make a bid. - I can't believe this is happening. - $850... do I hear $850? - Drew, no, that's way too much. $900. $1,000. $1,000 from Mr. Hollywood himself. Riley, I can't compete with that. - Good. This is crazy. - All right, $1,000 going once... - Come on. - Going twice... $2,000. Now that is a date I would pay two grand to watch. $2,000, going once... going twice... Sold to the beautiful blonde with the mortified boyfriend. 2,000 big ones. That's awfully generous of you. Oh, well, you know how passionate I am about the environment. This is a fundraiser for a school program. Whatever. And besides, somebody had to save you from winning a date with Saint Riley. Oh, that was all in good fun. I was just trying to up the bid for Drew. Hey, you're not... you're not mad, are you? What? Mad? No. Of course I'm not mad. I mean, that's what I like about you. A charitable bid on Riley, a day on the set with Owen Anderson. You're like Santa Claus, minus the cholesterol problem. Right. I'm just trying to help out, you know. While I still can. Meaning? Turns out whoever wins the on-set visit won't be seeing me there. I was let go. Oh, my God, what... what happened? I had this big fight with Simon. And I want to hire someone who actually has talent, and he wants to lobotomize the character. Jonah, I am so sorry. Clearly, Simon's a hack who couldn't direct traffic in the Sahara. Let me call Curtis Heller and I will figure this whole thing out. No, El, don't, please. I need to... I need to work this out all on my own. What do you say we just have a night in, order some pizzas, and then we make a serious dent in your TiVo? Oh... I would love to, but... tonight's no good for me. - Why? - I'm working. Work? Still? It's Saturday. I know. But seven of my clients are in summer blockbusters, and well, they all have to be on the cover of everything, so unless you're an Excel spreadsheet or a caffeinated beverage, I'm... I'm not going to be such good company tonight. - I'm sorry. - $2,000? Are you kidding? Courtesy of WPK's charity fund. I'm on the committee. And as much as I would hate to miss out on a candlelit dinner and a long walk on the beach, I say we give our date a permanent rain check. You're not my type. No offense. - None taken. - Good. Well, all of this giving is making me crave vodka. Excuse me. About that whole bidding thing, I wasn't trying to stir anything up. - Just having a little fun. - It was. Thank you, Jonah, seriously. The SEED Foundation made so much money today. Good. You deserve it. How'd casting go? It sucked. And then I got fired from my own movie, which sucked even more. You're kidding. Why? Actually... casting you. And... I didn't think... anyone was good enough. Look, I don't know anything about the movie business, but six months ago the SEED school was a pipe dream and on Monday I'm interviewing contractors. Don't let anyone take your dream away. You got a sec? Do now. Simon called. What's this I hear about creative differences? I think Andre the Giant and Mini-Me would have an easier time seeing eye to eye on this movie. I'm really sorry to hear that, Jonah. You know, from where I'm sitting I gave you the opportunity of a lifetime, and you blew it because you don't know how to compromise. Well, maybe that's my problem. I don't want to compromise. No disrespect, Curtis. I want my movie back. And I want a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. I know it sounds crazy. I'll pay back my fee. I'll tear up that contract, and just act - like none of this ever happened. - You know, Simon was right about you. - You are a nut. - Maybe. Or maybe I'd rather direct Living in Reverse with no budget, and all heart than watch my life story be destroyed by some guy who doesn't even get it. Look, I'm sorry to let you down. But this is my movie, Jonah. I paid for it. Thanks for everything. The food was awesome. Here you go. A thousand bucks to sit on the set of Living in Reverse. The ladies love Owen Anderson. Clearly, I chose the wrong profession. I gotta tell you. You know I totally called it on Jonah not being over you. First the guy steamrolls me into the swimming pool, and then he tries to win a date with you. I think we're just gonna have to agree to disagree on this one. But don't think that I am letting you off the hook for auctioning me on that date. You are in so much trouble. The way you say "trouble," you make it sound like a good thing. I'm taking you to the dungeon. Here's Gabe's office. Are you for real? When Caleb warned me that Amanda would make me do things I couldn't imagine, I didn't actually think he meant I'd stoop down to wearing digital. Light. Keep your eye on it. We got ten minutes to delete your name off the overbilled files before security comes by. All right, got it. Let's go. You're better at this than I thought. The only thing we need now is the code. I'm not even gonna ask how you got this. Let's just say my stock soared in the geek community today, no thanks to Jonah, who wanted nothing to do with this. Like you didn't know what you were getting into when you set your sights on a guy with Jonah's moral center. It might have occurred to me. Only to be complicated by the fact that I find his moral center one of his most adorable attributes. You realize that you just said "adorable," right? I don't know what's wrong with me. Today at the fundraiser, I actually felt this twinge of jealousy. Who would have thought that Jonah Miller would be the one to pierce the infamous Ella Simms Kevlar? Um... Are you kidding me? There's a partition in the mainframe that even accountants can't access. Amanda's office. Let's go! Okay, look for anything that Amanda could be using to frame me with. Got it? Ella, come here. She must have some file on me. No way. "Sydney Andrews"? You recognize that? It's a Van de Kamp. It's worth $19 mil. This went missing from a Manhattan brownstone months ago. Well, it certainly caught Amanda's eye. You think she's looking for it? It, or whatever painting someone covered it with. This explains why she's been snooping around the courtyard quizzing me about Syd's art. So this is why Amanda Woodward slithered back to L.A. Don't tell me you're here to be treated for a kitchen burn. Bernadette Reese posted her review. - And? - I don't know. I was wondering if you'd read it with me. "In a nutshell, the new Coal is an incredible experience. "The food was memorable, and the staff is charming. New ownership has done this place right." - Not bad. - Not bad? David, this is a great! She loved it. I couldn't have done it without you. So thank you. Look, I-I know there's still a lot of hurt left to heal. I just hope that yesterday proved to you that you and I are still a good team. - Could I talk to you for a second? - Kind of in the middle of something. - It's important. - I gotta get back to Coal, anyway. I'll see you at home? What, Drew? Do you recognize this valve? Of course I do. It's the one Dr. Mancini invented. I found one inside Kevin Hartson when he died two days ago. He came in complaining of a headache. He died in my arms 36 hours later fromassive cerebral hemorrhage. Which is why you were taking his blood. I couldn't tell you until I had it tested, but I found traces of the valve's antimicrobial materials. You're trying to tell me that the valve is leaching toxins into the bloodstream? Four other patients who've been treated with the M-valve... including the one I took this from- died in the last year from strokes, all with platelet malfunctions. Lauren, you are part of Mancini's operating team. You need to know this. You're treating people with this thing all the time. Look, I know Mancini's like a god in this hospital, but how many patients have to die before someone exposes thuth? Get your butt over here. I made you a banana daiquiri. Twist my arm. I guess this means you actually finished all your work last night? About last night, um, you know how I said I had a date with my computer and my Blackberry? - That was a lie. - What do you mean, a lie? I actually didn't have any work to do last night, okay? In reality, I enlisted David and we broke into WPK. Flashlights, Lycra, the whole shebang. Ella, I think you know how I feel about this. - What if you had been caught? - I wasn't. Obviously, there's no way in hell I can convince you to side with me on this, but I just really... And yesterday, when you were wearing that ultra-hot "meeting with a client" outfit, you weren't - working then either? - That was a pseudo-date - with Gabe Taylor. - Wait. Gabe Taylor? El, have you completely lost it? I kind of swiped his security card after enduring a matinee of Starkiller's Truce. So your heist wasn't just premeditated; it actually required lunch and a movie? I didn't fess up because I felt guilty about breaking in. I'm telling you now because... because I don't want to spin stories to you. I don't want to lie to you. I appreciate you being honest with me. You deserve to know the truth... always. I'm going to take a shower. You have ten minutes to finish that cocktail before you join me, you got it? Oh, my gosh, I'm setting my clock right now. Hurry up. Don't take too long. I'll be waiting. Hello? - Jonah, Curtis Heller. - Oh, hey, Curtis. What's up? So, Simon went through his casting choices with Owen. Owen hated his ideas, and he kicked him off the project. Are you kidding me? No. We were going over some alts, - and he brought up your name. - My name? As... as director? We both took a look at your short again. You have a great eye. You know the story. What do you think? I feel like I'm about to wake up - from an unbelievable dream. - You're not dreaming, kid. This is happening. Why don't you get yourself an assistant? We'll set you up on the lot. And Jonah?