Lauren: All my life, all I wanted was to be a doctor.</i> I'm still a little concerned about your finances. Lauren: I can work it out.</i> Ella: The late nights, the mystery men...</i> I resent you interrogating me Like I'm some kind of... Prostitute? Lauren: If you think you need to go out</i> And take what's not yours, there's obviously</i> Something missing in your life.</i> You should know that That little hobby of mine-- it's over. I ran from the police Because of what happened back home. All I ever wanted to do was leave.</i> Ella: Oh, my god. My dad killed sydney. Ella: What? David: I found sydney's necklace in his car.</i> She was wearing it the night she died.</i> Caleb: Amanda woodward does not come all the way</i> Across the country just to slap us</i> On the wrist. She's been asking all kinds Of questions about you. She's the president of wpk. Caleb: That woman will get inside your head and make you</i> Do things that you never dreamed that you would do.</i> The object I'm looking for wasn't checked into evidence. It's not in any of the records. No, all it means is that sydney gave it To someone for safekeeping. I have no idea who she'd trust it with. But I know where to start looking. Lauren: I can't believe how close we were. David: I told you they were decent seats. Front row for kings of leon Is beyond decent, david. Seriously, thank you. I had an amazing time. Me, too. Come upstairs with me. I'd love to, but I have rounds... In the morning. Ridiculously early. I'm sorry. I know most of your dates don't... It's okay. Tonight's totally different. You're totally different. Good night. Night. Jonah: This is absurd. Need me to show you that windsor knot again? No. It's absurd how sexy I am right now. That's what I'm just saying. Oh, god. This is totally how I'm going to work tomorrow. Just like this. First day, coming out swinging. So, ella's going to be your boss? What? Riley, she just put me up for the I.T. Gig. I knew film school would come in handy. I know it was nice of her to land you this job After I lost mine, but you and ella working together? It's not the most reassuring thought in the world. Riles, it's not like we're sharing A cubicle together. I'm the I.T. Guy. Besides, you know The l.A. Job market sucks right now. I can't argue with that. Apparently, the world doesn't need any more teachers. At least, not in the middle of the semester. If I ran a school, I would hire you in a heartbeat. That's actually a good idea. The miller academy: A new approach to learning. See? I told you. This outfit's working for me already. Mm-hmm. Riley: Okay. Embarrassing confession time. Okay. I have a gigantic "honey, I'm home" fantasy. Wow. Really? You mean, like, the pipe and slippers And a swell meal waiting for me when I get home? More like a lonely housewife Itching to rip your clothes off. Michael: Oh, vanessa, five days away from you felt more like 50.</i> I missed you, too. I don't think we need To give the neighbors a peep show though. No? I think the neighbors Should see what your husband can do After a 17-hour transatlantic flight. I'm actually more concerned about your peeping tom son. I caught david snooping around In the garage while you were gone. David knows the rules. Wh-why the unannounced drop-in? I'm sure he just wanted to see noah. Don't worry about it. I shooed him away with the restraining order. Well, um... Did he say what he wanted? No. I'm sorry I brought him up. I know how much it upsets you. No, no. I'm not upset. Come on. Let's go upstairs. All right. That's a great idea, honey. Just-just, uh... Give me one minute. Damn it, david. Sync By YesCool www.addic7ed.com "Melrsoe Place" Episode 11, "June".</i> Um, excuse me. Hi. Um, jonah miller. I'm here for the new... Excellent. I'll, uh... I'll see you at the water cooler. Oh, jonah, thank god. I just clicked on this link david sent me, And now I have these pop-ups Of naked women all over my desktop. Oh, that sounds like a random malware installer. That's easy to get rid of. I'm kidding. I never click on david's links. And since when are naked women a bad thing? Um, I'll let you know as soon as I read a company handbook. Yeah, I'm not sure if we have one of those, Although I would not be surprised If amanda put one out written in blood. Wait, I thought you worshipped her. I do, but apparently, the feeling Is not mutual. Look, I am on such thin ice right now that I Should be wearing a wet suit under my dress. (inhales deeply) enough of my woes. Let me show you your office. Right this way. Hey, look, el, just to clarify here, I mean, even though we're, you know, working together, I think we just need to have some boundaries. We will. At wpk, there are two types of worker bees. Those who fill the partners' pockets with money-- I.E. The publicists, I.E. Me-- And those who light the partners' money on fire-- I.E. The support staff, I.E. You. And the two don't share the same hive. Okay. (stammers) just so you know, Strictly professional, all right? Jonah, I promise you, I won't molest you in the lunchroom. You must be one of ella's clients. Uh... Actually... One day, he will be our biggest earner, But today, He is our newest employee. Hi. I'm jonah miller. I'm your new I.T. Guy. Make sure he signs A confidentiality agreement. Of course. Um, you have nothing to worry about. Jonah's, like, the most honest human being I know. Uh, coming from you, that's not saying much. Oh, it's true. Lying makes me break out in hives. I think she liked me. Doubtful. Violet, what are you doing? I was just going to slip this under your door. What is it? The money I owe you for posting my bail. I finally saved up Enough in tips, so now we're even. Thanks. This will be a big help. Things are a little tight right now, And we weren't exactly sure If you were on speaking terms with us. 'cause what you did to auggie Was so completely wrong? You know better than anyone what would have happened If the police found out I knew where auggie was. He was on a surfing trip.Trip. In mexico. And he was acting strange, Like he knew someone was after him. A real friend Would have never done what you did. Violet, if auggie didn't do it, Then he has nothing to worry about. Nothing to worry about? He was dragged out of bed By the federales. Look, even I know Innocent people get arrested all of the time. I had no choice. I could have got into a lot of trouble If they found out I was withholding information. So, now auggie's the one in trouble. (sighs) god. How do you sleep at night? (door slams shut) Yeah, I'm on the road right now, detective. I'll be there in 20. Nice driving. Get out of my way. We need to talk. Funny. I could've sworn That you had a restraining order against me. Reaching out to noah wasn't brotherly love. It was just your sick attempt to destroy my family. You ought to stick to surgery, dad. Family psychology's not exactly your specialty. Oh, yeah, well, kleptomania seems to be yours. I don't have time for this. I know you were in my car. Why? Are the floor mats missing? David, this is not a game. Oh, I know. Very serious. I suggest you go get your affairs in order And prepare to go away for a little while. You know, davey, I am really starting to worry about your friend lauren. What about her? Well, she seems to be crumbling Under the pressure of med school. She keeps it up, She could flunk out of ula. Lauren has been in the top of her class since preschool. Yeah, people always forget... The highest fliers have the furthest to fall. So you'd really just destroy an innocent woman's career To save your own ass? Oh, I've done a lot worse. Looks like the good doctor's done very well for himself. Amanda. When I saw you in new york, You swore you'd never set foot in l.A. Again. I missed my old friends. Besides, wpk's L.A. Office needs major triage Or I'm afraid it's going to flatline. I still don't get it. After everything we went through, And you had everything you wanted in the tropics, Why get back in the rat race? I was bored. Of the sun, sand and peter. I mean, I'm a city girl, michael. I need to be in the center of the action. Like sydney. You must've been devastated when you found out. Oh, yeah. That was a total shock. Really? I mean, when she told me That you two had reignited that old flame, I thought she'd really gone off the deep end. I didn't think that she would actually end up Floating facedown in it. I didn't realize you two talked. Let me guess. You ran into each other at a support group For women who fake their own deaths? Oh, don't worry. I didn't come here to point fingers. I'm looking for something I loaned sydney before she died. It's not worth much, Just a lot of sentimental value. Oh, what could possibly have sentimental value To amanda woodward? Some kind of medieval torture device? After all these years, You don't think I've changed, even a little? Um, I know how much I've changed, amanda. And let's face it, people like you and me, We are who we are. So, she never mentioned anything to you? Ask her sister. Jane has all her stuff. I did. And she's clueless, as usual. You know, I realized I should've come to you first. Syd had a habit of confiding in passionate hearts. Then why don't you ask my son, david. At the end, he was closer to her than I was. Your son? God help anyone blessed with those genes. They were together right before she died. He lives in west hollywood. I think you know the address. Table 12's ready. Violet. Wow. (chuckles) Look at you. Levi, what are you doing here? What do you think? I haven't heard a peep from you. I told mom and dad you were probably fine, But I was worried. I thought maybe something happened. You were supposed to call me. How did you know I worked here? Your twitter. It wasn't a lot to go by, But you mentioned this job once And I looked the place up. I figured you'd put it out there so I could find you. You're always Clever like that. Levi, you shouldn't have come down here. Why? You find your birth mom? She taking care of you With her beverly hills money and that's it? Right after I found my mom... She died. She was murdered. Oh, man. I'm so sorry. After all that time we spent trying to find her. Now you know why I disappeared. Why I didn't call. It's-it's going to be okay. Dad was pissed about the money you stole at first, But I paid him back everything. It's time to come home, vi. This is my home now. What about us? I'm sorry, levi, but, uh, Things are different now. I'm different. (clears throat): Yeah, of course. You're-you're trying to start your new life. I-I totally get that. I'll tell everyone back home you say hi. I hope you're getting a tan From all this radiation. Can I interest you in my leftovers From my lunch at drago? Five months of hypnotherapy And this stuff is like cardboard to me. Thank you. I, uh, zoned While I was trying to sort out This scrambled I.T. Grid here, And I missed lunch. I had no idea You were such a nerd whisperer. You guys have one of the most insane videoconferencing setups I've ever seen. And these crazy snooping tools That would freak even dick cheney out. Really? Speaking of snooping tools, Sounds like you could Run my name and take a peek at all e-mails pertaining to moi.</i> I'm just going to assume That was a purely hypothetical question. Well, you saw how amanda thinks of me. She was practically Gunning for me before she got here. If she has a target on my back, I need to know how to dodge her bullet. I signed a confidentiality Agreement, ella. It's a legal document. Jonah, I understand this may be outside of your comic book Code of ethics, but please remember: That to you this is a day job, And for me this is my entire career. I'm sorry, el. I mean, if I was wired to bend the rules like that, I'd be on a beach in freaking maui right now, Counting gary sarling's hush money. Look, jonah, I'm not like you. Okay, I'm not some jack-of-all-trades. I know how to do one thing and one thing only, And that's spin stories. I've been doing it since I was in pigtails. Why does that not surprise me? You probably got so many freebies from the ice cream man. It was more like survival. I couldn't let my friends know that my mom, Who everybody thought was some high-flying stewardess, Was really missing parent-teacher conferences 'cause she was lost in a pharmaceutical haze. I wanted people to think I was normal. I wanted people to like me. Wow. I had no idea. Look, jonah, I don't ask you for a lot of favors, But I'm asking you now. Help me keep my job. Thanks. Hi, lauren. Hey. Hey. You got a minute? Actually, I have a floor of patients waiting for me. I just got one question. Have you done anything That could land you in any trouble at work? What-what kind of trouble? I don't know. Anything that could get you fired. I'm sorry. What-what are you asking me? It's my father. Something's come between us. He's going to be scrutinizing you now a lot. Whatever issues you have with dr. Mancini, When it comes to work, he's completely professional. Lauren, you don't know what he's capable of. I know fathers can be difficult. I don't exactly have the best relationship with mine. But if there's anything your father's capable of: Saving lives and giving people hope. Lauren, would you just trust me. Just... David, After all your half-truths and the accusations, What? Really? Lauren, just... I gotta get back to work, okay. Listen. Hey, my father's going to have your life under a microscope. Promise me you're going to be careful. Okay. Auggie kirkpatrick's in custody. Sydney andrews case is with the d.A. What? But I have a new piece of evidence. It's-it's a necklace that belonged to sydney. I know 'cause I gave it to her. She was wearing it the night of the murder. And this evidence is just surfacing now, Weeks after the crime? I found it in my father's car. There's blood on it. Sydney's blood. Did you have permission to be in dr. Mancini's car? I thought that you weren't supposed to ask questions You don't want know the answers to. If that necklace Is the result of an illegal search, it's useless, Completely inadmissible in court. But that necklace ties my father to a crime scene. It proves that you're about To put the wrong person on trial. Careful, breck. You're in the middle of a police station right now, Dangerously close to admitting you committed a felony b&e. I can't believe he's about to get off on a technicality. I'd have no problem Taking it to the d.A. Might even be enough To cast doubt on your friend auggie's murder charge. Keep your phone on. You'll be hearing from me. Yung. I have a question About a patient you treated yesterday. Patrick baker? Yeah, um, I saw mr. Baker during my morning rounds. Pulmonary arrhythmia. Do you remember why you thought It was a good idea to prescribe blood thinners To a patient that was scheduled To undergo heart surgery the next day? There was no heart procedure listed on his chart. Oh, yes, there was, But you obviously missed it. Thankfully, the nurse who was Dispensing medications last night Was more careful than you. Dr. Mancini, I can assure you, there was no... That man Could have bled out on my operating table. I don't know what to say. Neither do I, yung. Except, a mistake like that can end a career. You got any news for me yet? Come on. You're not directing a suspense Movie over here. You were right. You're definitely on her radar. There's that whole section From the quarterly performance evaluations. "ella simms manages relationships "very well, "but we're still waiting for her to land a hot young star. Artsy german directors just won't cut it..." So, all I have to do is sign more clients? Done and done. Good. Are you happy now? Well, not exactly happy, But at least I know Where to focus my efforts. Well, now that we're done With the espionage, I'm covering my tracks, all right? I'm going to erase my search history, And we are never talking about this ever again. Jonah, my lips are sealed. Thank you. You're the bestest. Bestest. "caleb, great call on giving the credit "to kavi deknight on the 'boomkat' video. "don't worry about jonah. He's in the palm of my hand." Your faucet was leaking. I fixed it. How did you get in here? Bathroom window. You really got to get some better security, vi. I'm going to put a lock on it next. You're going to leave. That's what you're going to do. Come on. You don't really think I'm going to go back to oregon empty-handed? So I guess you lied When you said we'd always be together? Is it another guy? What is it? You're my brother, levi. What happened to, "we're both adopted. "we don't share a drop of blood. Keep mom and dad in the dark, and we're gold"? I was young. I didn't know what I was talking about. You convinced me That being with you would keep me off meth For good, that I could focus on cabinetry, I could build a business. And you were right. Look what happened after you left. You're using again? Not if I'm with you. That's why I thought I could just stay here for a bit, and I could clean up. The money you owe me-- Just, we'll call it first month's rent. Levi, it's a studio apartment. There's one bed. It'll be like home. Look, I'm here to stay, violet. I'm not going anywhere. Violet? Is everything okay? Yeah, everything's fine. Did I hear something about violet owing you money? Oh, there are some nosy neighbors around here, Aren't they? Violet: Riley, This is my brother. Yeah, she owes me money, but she's gonna pay it off in rent. Look, levi, I can work extra shifts, Save up on my tips, and I'll get it back to you in... No, that's not how we're going to do it. How much does she owe you? Riley, no. $450. Here. Take it. And go. I don't know why you're helping her. She's a manipulative bitch. Please leave. You think I'm the bad guy? One day you'll figure her out. Are you okay? Riley, He is a total liar. You're not going to tell people about this, Are you? Not if you don't want me to. It's just, I would be mortified If auggie heard about what happened. Don't you just love living here? Who are you? I'm an old friend of your father and syd's. Actually, we all used to live here. Good times. Hey, was there something in the chlorine back then That made you guys all so twisted? Actually, I'm not sure it dissipated. Stealing art? Isn't that kind of a twisted way to make a living? I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Well, before syd died, We reconnected, and she opened up to me. About a lot. David, I-I gave her something of mine, a keepsake. It hasn't shown up in her belongings. I'm not a lost-and-found. Well, if you don't have what I'm looking for, Maybe you could help me find it. Look, I'm all for helping out strangers in need, But after you walk in here Accusing me of being some criminal, I think I'll pass. All right. Just know that as an upstanding citizen, I may have to do whatever it takes To protect the community from thieves like you. Hey, babe. I got here as soon as I could. Okay, they're gonna miss me In the hospital in, like, 20 minutes. Uh-huh. There was an incident at work today with your father. Okay, he's setting you up. No, not-not necessarily. It was something that I might have missed On a patient's chart, And the paperwork backs him up. Would he falsify that? Of course he would. The man committed murder. He killed sydney. What? My father had a relationship with sydney That went back ten years. He was having an affair with her right before she died. Oh, god. Okay, that is motive, opportunity, And I have a piece of evidence That links him to the crime scene. So, why don't the police just arrest him? Well, there's a problem with the evidence. I stole it. Lauren, do you really think That the police want to arrest someone like my father? Someone with money, connections? I don't know, david. Maybe the police just don't want To arrest someone who's innocent. Lauren, if you could consider For one moment That I'm telling you the truth. I have a plan. I just... I need your help with it. You're asking me to take the word of a thief Over a world-renowned cardiologist. That's what you think of me? A thief? David, you know how hard I've worked to get where I am. If you're wrong, I'm throwing it all away. He's already throwing it away for you. The only way you risk your career is by doing nothing. Hey, what's wrong? Someone's antivirus software out of date? I, um... I want to hear exactly how it went down Between you and caleb and my directing credit. On the "boomkat" video? Mm-hmm. I thought we dealt with that. I went a few rounds with caleb; he outranked me; And your name fell off the project. That's interesting, 'cause I actually heard You thought it would be a good idea To throw me under the bus. (laughs) where did you hear that? Ellasimms @wpk.Backstabbingliars.Com Reading that e-mail Out of context is totally misleading. Totally misleading? No. What's totally misleading are all the speeches You always gave me about how you always have my back. Okay, jonah... ...You are an artist, And artists can sometimes be sensitive. Of course I'm sensitive! You completely screwed me over! Okay, I made the wrong call. I should have fought for you. But I was worried that my job was on the line, and... Wait. Is that all you care about? All this bogus cheerleading-- It was all about you the whole time? What? No! It's about the big picture, Positioning both of us So that we can succeed far beyond where we are... Stop! Stop! Stop! I don't believe a word of it anymore, el. So, as my publicist, My agent, manager, and so-called friend, You are officially fired. I'm e-mailing amanda, and I'm done With this place. dr. Mancini, can I talk to you for a minute? You'll be hearing from me when I've made my decision. It's about david. What about my boy? When I joined your team, You told me you were concerned about him. You wanted me to keep you in the loop. David told me he broke into your car. Really? Dr. Mancini, David's been stealing for a long time, And not just from you. I'm really worried about him. I'm worried he's going to get himself killed. Did he tell you what he took From my car? You mean the... The necklace? He told me he did it To get back at you for the restraining order. He's trying to convince me that you're some kind of monster. Does he still have the necklace? It's a family heirloom. It's in his apartment. Look, I'm not trying to get anyone in trouble here. I just thought... You thought, by giving me This information, It would have some effect on your possible dismissal. Yeah. I like david a lot, But I'm worried about him. I can't ignore his dark side anymore. He's taking me out to dinner tonight, And I... I want to say something to him. It would mean a lot to me if you'd Reach out to him, as well. I promise you I'll get into this immediately. Excuse me, amanda? Better be urgent. I was wondering if you heard From the new I.T. Guy, um, jonah miller. Oh, he wrote quite a confessional. I'm not sure why he thought I would care. If he was so busy, he shouldn't Have taken the job in the first place. Oh, well, just wanted to let you know that hr Was working on getting a replacement as we speak. Do us both a favor, And don't stick your neck out for anyone this time. By the way, word in the bullpen Is that you've been calling every agent And manager in hollywood. Well, signing top-tier talent Is part of my day-in-and-day-out. My computer has been set up To see anyone who's accessed my files, I.T. Guy or not. I know exactly why you've turned up the heat On all the available talent in this town, ella. Wow, uh... So, any reason why my security card Still works in the parking garage? Well, you're undeniably cutthroat. You're not afraid to throw a friend Under the bus to get what you want. But do this to me again, and you're finished here. And everywhere else that matters. Thanks, I guess. And now that I know exactly what you're capable of, Let's see how much further you're willing to go. Oh, my god. Jonah, you home? What do you want? You got your money. Who's auggie? What? After I left, You and violet were talking about some guy named auggie. He's our neighbor. Is he sleeping with her? If I wait outside long enough, this guy's gonna Show up at her door, isn't he? Why do you care? You're her brother. Adopted brother. Look, she isn't seeing anyone, okay? It's not about that. You got the money. Now, please, go. If you don't want To tell me the truth, I'm going to make you pay for it. What are you doing? No, please, that stuff isn't mine. I know. It's mine. Stop it! I'm calling 911. Put it down, levi! Put it down, Or we're going to call the cops. Okay. I've gotten in enough trouble Because of you already. I feel so bad. Don't worry about it. I feel bad that you had to grow up like that. They were all lies. I swear to god. Nothing he said was true. Jonah: Oh, my god, my camera. Riley, what... What the hell happened? I can't believe this. It's not her fault. I swear. It's okay, violet. I'll talk to you later. Okay, um... Help me understand here. What happened? What, did you and violet have, like, a cage fight in here? I sort of got between violet And her... Brother/boyfriend. Um, okay. Why does that not faze me in the least? Riley, when are you going to realize Every single time you get involved With violet, something bad happens? She was in trouble. What was I going to do? Run. Thanks to your saving violet, Jonah miller videography is officially out of business. I am so sorry, jonah. We will get it all back. Yeah. Well, at least you still have The wpk job. This might sound like the most obvious thing In the world to you, but ella... I... I just don't trust her, and I quit. Jonah, I know I'm hard on ella, But she's always done well for you. If anything, that's why I'm so hard on her. Well, from here on, a wall's going up between us. A figurative wall, 'cause I can't afford a real one. Detective. Nice gloves. Keep them where I can see them. This is my son, david's place. I have permission to be in his apartment. Really? Guess who tipped me off? Off? That's not mine. Oh, whose is it, then? That's okay. Should be more than enough fingerprints on this For me to make the connection. Michael mancini, you're under arrest For breaking and entering. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will Be used against you in a court of law. I know this must sound stupid to you, But your father was a hero to me. My father's spent his entire it dolife deceiving people. I know I said it once before already, But thank you for trusting me. Means a lot. You know, um, now that I know What kind of man your father really is, I think I'm starting to understand you a little better. You mean why I'm so screwed up? You're not that screwed up. Ella: Oh, geez. Please don't tell me you called me out here To be the "p" in pda. I texted you because I have an announcement to make. Jonah: Hey, what's going on, david? Last night, the police arrested my father. He was the one who killed sydney. We all know that auggie was innocent, And now, with the right man in custody, It's only a matter of time before he's exonerated. Ella: I hope there's a greeting card For "sorry we all thought you stabbed the landlord to death." So, I thought that we could All raise a glass and celebrate Justice finally getting a clue. Oh, no, no. I know you're going to tell me That's a $500 bottle of tequila, But it's not in my raw food cleanse. To justice. Amanda: Pour one for me. Amanda. What are you doing here? Just saying a quick good-bye. I'm on a red-eye to new york tonight. Oh, bummer. Oh, don't worry. I'm just going to pack my things And be right back. My friend, jane, Said I can stay in the penthouse While my bel air home is being built. Great. You know, the truth is, I really missed this place. And I can't wait to become a part