If it doesn't happen today, it'll happen another time. Or not ever? Would that be better for you? Wait... I don't want to be just a one-night stand. You're not. There's something you need to know. I slept with Ella last night. Are you guys, like, over or, like, over over? There's no putting empty back together again. What are you doing with my mom's ring? You could get in, like, so much trouble if my father caught you. Take that back and then we'll just act like - none of this ever happened. - I have a better idea. I'll take an IOU. Amanda does not come all the way across the country just to slap us on the wrist. She's been asking all kinds of - questions about you. - She's the president of WPK. The painting I'm looking for isn't here. Are you sure you searched every apartment in the complex? Searched and shot film in all but one. - You called your dad? - Hell, no. You owe me one last job. I want you to break David's heart. Whatever you have with him, end it, or I tell the entire medical community that I got a house call from Dr. Lauren Yung. I am literally gonna be drinking myself into a haze at this party tonight. Dude, check this out. State-of-the-art fog machine. If we are celebrating my script sale, it's got to be a couple notches over watered-down beer and a bowl of potato chips. I guess I'll have to pre-hydrate for this one. Spoken like a seasoned vet. You don't mind if I rig some lights from outside your place, do you? I am sparing no expense throwing this party. I am all about turning this place into club Melrose, but, Jonah, keep in mind, that paycheck you got... there is a little thing called taxes and commissions. I always said to myself, as soon as I make my first stack of Hollywood Benjamins, I'm gonna throw a huge blowout for all the people who believed in me. So sweet. Hold on one sec. I'll be right. Has... - Lauren broken her silence yet? - She hasn't said a word. I just want some clue why she just suddenly pulled the plug on us. Well, who knows? Maybe tonight she'll loosen up. Normally, when the alcohol flows, so do the words. Who's buried in her work now, huh? I'm almost done. So, in honor of your first day off in, like, ages, I'm thinking that we go shopping on third street, lunch at Joan's and mani-pedis? - Sounds like perfection. - Doesn't it? I could use a day off, too. This fund-raising crusade is like pulling teeth. If anyone can do it, you can. You've been through so much. And you're still standing. I'm in awe. It hasn't exactly been easy. Especially watching Jonah leap into Ella's waiting arms. But it's getting better. What about you and David? You never told me what happened. Come in. Ladies. I admit it. I am slightly intrigued by the idea of wearing women's lingerie, but since I am new here, I thought I'd return these. - Found them in the dryer. - Oh, God. - How did you know? - Your name's embroidered on them. - Very classy. - They were a gift from my grandma. Well, grandma had a great taste. Yeah, sure. I'll be right in. - I gotta work. - Wait, what about our girl date? Team Mancini has no time for social lives. When you're working with the top cardiologist in the country, there's a certain amount of abuse that comes with the territory. You're the resident expert on all things kid-related. And since your girl day is a no-go, do you do you want to come toy shopping with me? I should probably get back to working on my fund-raising thing. Please tell me the toys aren't for you. They're for my rug rats. - Your rug rats? - They're for the kids - in the pediatric ward. - Oh. All right. Well, I just thought I'd ask. Knowing me, I'll probably end up buying toys made from lead. We can't let that happen. So, Jane, what dragged you out of the 818 so bright and early? Typically, when a friend drops by, you ask how she is, maybe offer her coffee or tea. I wasn't sure we fell into the "friends" category. Don't be silly. I did agree to let you live here, Amanda. Not quite out of the goodness of your heart. Along with a security deposit, you insisted I fire Ella. And I'm still waiting. I honestly don't understand what's taking you so long. Ella will suffer for pulling the red carpet out from under you, but personnel changes take time. You know, I have a long list of people who'd move into this penthouse tomorrow, if it were to somehow go vacant. Ella will get what's coming to her. Now, if you'll excuse me, not everyone can spend their day playing dress-up with mannequins. Okay, Jasper, sweetheart. Yeah, yeah, calm down, okay? When you talk like that, you sound like you're in a Guy Ritchie movie. What? WPK billed you ten grand last month? That's impossible. I signed you. Your retainer's for $5,000. Okay. I will e-mail you a statement right now. There has been some sort of mistake. I will clear this up before you are done with your breakfast tea and crumpet. Clear what up? That was Jasper Barnes. There seems to be some sort of... Billin mistake. I just got an earful from his business manager. He is accusing the company of deliberately trying to pocket an extra five grand. - That would never happen, would it? - On one of my accounts? No. Never. Good, 'cause if anyone tries to steal out of WPK's cookie jar, they'll be walking out with a pink slip, wearing handcuffs. What the hell is going on? That was a close call with Mr. Lewis this morning. Nearly bled out on the operating table. - Is he all right? - He pulled through like a champ. You want me to start his post-op blood work? Actually, I'm going to need you for something else. You know, surgeries like this one, they can really get the adrenaline flowing. I can't unwind. But luckily, I think that's something you can help me with. I did what you asked. I broke up with David. You wouldn't want me to tell the people in your building that they sharpool with a hooker, would you? If you did that, you'd be exposing yourself. Actually, it's a funny thing about heart surgeons. You realize that no one really cares about your personal life when you're holding their heart in your hand. Now, I paid for a transaction that was never completed. So, I booked a room at the Waverly, and... I have to scrub in for a triple bypass. I hope it goes well. I'll let you get to it. I'll call you when I get out of the OR. Lauren? Plan on spending the night. Dark_Chii, Just-In, peluche0706, P$!ko^^, simplicity, WoLF971 How much do you love this place? I used to make my allowance stretch here for days. You know, it was really sweet of you - to cheer Lauren up the other night. - Yeah, Dr. Teflon Yung... She had a real moment. How is she doing? Are you asking because you're a concerned neighbor, or because, now that she's single, you...? Lauren? Oh, come on. Look, the girl's impressive... she's smart, she's beautiful... but dating a coworker who's also your neighbor is doomed on so many levels. See, this would be fun for battle... like, gurney to gurney... as long as nobody pops an I.V. Maybe something like this... To cuddle in a dark hospital room? - It's goofy, but it's cute. - Yeah, maybe we should ask an expert. Cual es tu, uh, juguete favorito? - Este. - Si'? Si'. All right. Take one of each. Quiero todo, si? - Bueno, senor. Gracias. - Oye, mi amigo. - Gracias. - De nada. So, how many of Sydney's paintings did you find? Jane had a bunch in that storage unit. Tested all the canvases. None were hiding a Dutch masterpiece. Well, someone in this building knows where that painting is. Yeah, let's put the bar over here. Okay, sure. What do we have for alcohol? - We got whiskey, tequila... - You know what? I'll just have to find another tactic to get them talking. Gorgeous, yes. Right there. Gorgeous. That's right. Give me more eyes. Eyes here. Beautiful. Okay, shoulder. That's right. Gorgeous. Closer! Cupcake. How are you? I'm on the clock for W, not WPK. - And, uh, this is a closed set. - Oh. Will you look at that? You are actually letting the models keep their clothes on for once. How sweet. Please don't tell me you traipsed all the way downtown to give me another lecture on selling out. I just wanted to make sure that you were properly paid for the Anton V project. That's all. If you're wondering if the check cleared, the answer is yes. And now, if you'll excuse me. Here. Let's go with the 35. You must have quite the agent, to have negotiated that deal, I mean, 200 grand for a day's work? Even Annie Leibovitz would be jealous. $200,000? Are you kidding me? Try doing some math and dividing by ten. Your check was for $20,000? Well, your name was on it. You're my account rep. You should know. We're all set for my friend's party tonight, right? Sushi trays, kobe beef sliders, - and French fry bar? - I'm all over it. - Okay. Great. - I love watching you in action. Morgan, what are you doing here? You didn't call. Which kind of shocked me, considering I'm pretty sure you had a good time the other night. I did. I did, but... Hey, I need two drinks at table eight. - You got it. - I brought you something. That's a $5,000 watch, Morgan. Where'd you get that? Stole it from my dad. You're not the only one who gets a rush from stealing. When I saw you take my mom's ring, I knew we were made for each other. Morgan, come here. Listen, that ring was the end for me, all right? That's the last time I'm ever gonna rip anybody off. Why am I having a hard time believing that? Okay, look. I just got out of a relationship. I'm so sorry if I lead you on. I just... I can't do this with you. You're not saying you don't want to see me again? Because my dad is sitting right there. And I think you know he is not the kind of guy you want to mess with. What do you think you're doing? Father-daughter lunch. He loves to hit the hot spots. My dad and I are super close. And he'd love nothing more than for me to open up to him, tell him all about you. So... I'll see you soon. Okay? Sounds great, man. Okay, this one... this is my favorite one so far. - Great. Here's another one. - Ella. Come here. I have yet to master the art of solo drinking. Help me sample some of these delicious cocktails. Oh, it is like you looked inside my brain and saw a flashing Martini glass. Either you're trying to set a speed drinking record, or you had one bad day at the office. I was going to text you on my way home, but I gave up texting and driving. - Thank you. - May I...? - Here you go. - Oh, thank you. Jonah, something seriously shady is going on at work. I think I'm being set up. It sounds like my conspiracy theories are finally catching up with you. Unfortunately, I think it's beyond a theory. There are financial discrepancies all over my client list. It's like a gigantic red arrow is pointing at my pockets. - How are you? - Sweetie. Oh, God, I looked like you a minute ago... Then I discovered vodka makes a lot of things better. Thank you, but I'm so not in a party mood right now. I think I just had the worst day at the hospital ever. Mancini is making my life hell. Well, it's a good thing you're done for the day. There's actually one more thing I'm supposed to do. Whatever it is, it can wait. No work talk. No boy talk. Tonight, all we do is drink, dance, and deal with our collective nightmares in the morning. - I feel better already. - See? I'm going to go get changed, and come right back out. You better. Director's orders. Don't make me get my megaphone. Okay, we've got ankimo, kurodai, yellowtail... all line-caught this morning. You want first crack? I'm heading over to the Waverly. I'll expect you there in an hour. And, Lauren? You know that cute little dress you had on the other night? Wear that. I don't know what any of this is, but I'm practically drooling. It's pupusas. Nothing scary inside. I taught down here for two years. - How do I not know about this place? - Well, between work and traffic, it's easy to get caught up in your own world. Especially if you're sharing the same bed with somebody for five years. Now, I don't want to pry, but... What happened between you guys? I mean, it must've taken a seismic shift for it to flame out after five years. Jonah was so focused on the future, and I just wasn't in a place where I was ready to commit for the rest of my life. And in the end, I think that we both just wanted different things out of life. He likes to make movies and play pretend, and I'm all about the real world. In the game that is called life... Jonah has rolled the dice and moved on. What about you? Are you ready to get back out there and take your turn? I guess that all depends on what I'm playing for. Make every drink a triple, and believe me, I'll make it worth your while. No problem. Hey, you made it, with drew. - Where are you guys coming from? - Drew took me to the most amazing - Salvadorian place downtown. - She was fearless. She wanted to try everything on the menu. I knew you were having a party, but I didn't know it was gonna be a major blowout. Hey, you know, once I got paid for "Living in Reverse", I just thought, you know something? Why not give back a little? Okay, people, shots are not optional. - What is this, plutonium? - Close. It's called a ghostbuster. How painfully cute! Who'd you knock up? No one. I actually kidnapped Riley today to go toy shopping for the pediatric ward. Why not give back a little, right? I know why you broke up with me. - This is not... - Just say it: I grew up in a trailer; I didn't go to a fancy college, I have a rap sheet, not a resume. - I'm not good enough for you. - That's not true. No, that not true. Non-of this is matter to me. You don't have to lie to me, Lor. What? If it's not who I am, then tell me what I did, and I'll let it go. You didn't do anything. Okay? It's just... - You don't really know who I am. - What? - I'm not good enough for you. - What are you talking about? Lauren... - I can't talk about this anymore. - What?! - Where are you going? Lauren! - David, I'm sorry. Michael! Something tells me you didn't read about this little bash on Twitter. What brings you back to Melrose place? I was just in the area. I thought I'd check in on you, see if those prescriptions I wrote you were, making a difference. Oh, I'm feeling good as new. Amanda, I thought you'd be the one phoning in the noise complaints, not causing them. Look at you. - Wow, time has been good to you. - You, too. So, I... read about that... What was it? A heart valve you invented? Maybe our second divorce was a mistake. Wow, that almost sounded like a compliment. Jane, before you pull the plug on this party, you have to try at least one mojito, 'cause I'm sure you guys have a lot of catching up to do. So, who'd have thought, all those years ago, lying around the pool, that you'd end up owning this building? It does seem to have a strange gravitation pool, doesn't it? Ella. Should I have your assistant scrape you off the patio tile tomorrow morning? I was just getting in the spirit of things, but I can assure you that all of my clients - have been fed and watered. - Ella, we're off the clock. Now I know that you and Sydney used to have a drink or two when she had the penthouse. We should do the same. I'm sure you could handle your liquor better than Sydney could. She had a tendency to not to stop drinking - until she was unconscious. - Her coping mechanisms weren't always doctor recommended, but at least she had an outlet through her painting. Her own art? It was a step above finger painting. I rather liked it. She actually was working on a piece for me around the time that she died. And I've been looking for it everywhere. Do you know if she had any of her work in storage? I wouldn't know. Syd knew the only artists I cared about were Manolo, Prada and Louboutin. If you want to know about her art, you're going to have to ask David. What about the Jasper Barnes account? Issue resolved? Not yet. Look, Amanda, something is happening at work that I think you should know about. I think somebody's been embezzling money from WPK. - You have any proof? - I'm working on it. But I did find out that not only was Jasper overbilled, but Jo Reynolds got paid $20,000 when the outgoing withdrawal was for $200,000. Anyone you suspect? I have my theories, but... No, nothing concrete yet. So someone is getting rich off of my company. Thanks for filling me in. This one's going in. I swear, my cups are wider than yours. What happened to being almost professional at this? Okay, everyone has their off days. Especially after they've drunk a few test tubes. - Anybody got a winner? - Hey, bro. No, I'm, uh... Think I'm going to grab a beer - and retire undefeated. - What?! Just gonna call it quits as soon as some real competition shows up? We need some balls over here. - Anyone got any balls? - Set 'em up, Hollywood. You're gonna lose. He's still got it. Excuse me. He's still got it! I still got it. Okay. Why am I suddenly thrilled that I didn't meet you till after your crazy college years? Come on, Lauren, open up. I know you're in there. You can't avoid me all night. Sorry I'm late. I didn't know that you were going to be here. I told you at lunch I'd see you soon. Now, let's go get me a cocktail. I got a better idea. Let's go up to my place. This ridiculously hot chick just asked me for a bottle opener. You gotta get me one. I think she's into me. Nice! I think I... I have a spare in my... In her apartment. There's my Milla the killa. Where'd you disappear to? I went to find a bottle opener. I found drew and Riley making out instead. Wow! That must have been rough, because you look like you just got hit by a bus. What? No. I mean, I didn't expect her to go join a convent, and he doesn't appear to be a serial killer. The only weird thing is how quickly the guy went into attack mode. - At my party, in my old apartment. - You're not exactly one to talk, Jonah. I mean, who knocked on my door the night that you and Riley called it quits? Jo Reynolds is here? Did somebody complain this party wasn't bossy and overbearing enough? It's beautiful. Wish I'd been there with you when you ripped it off. I got that from a gallery, Morgan. I'm a collector. Most of the boys I know only collect video games. I bought you in here so we could talk. - We can talk, too. - Okay... all right... So, the idea that you and I can be Mr. And Mrs. Smith... I mean, you gotta let that go. All right? Look, Morgan, you're gorgeous, you're smart, you don't need to blackmail someone - into being in a relationship. - But it is so much more fun this way. But... okay... I'm not going to be happy with some boring guy. I'm that boring guy now. Morgan, I've made too may mistakes in my life, and I'm done. I'm done repeating them. David, you'll never be done. You'll miss the danger too much. The thrill. Guys like you weren't born to live by the rules. I'm sorry. Don't let me interrupt. No, not at all. Morgan was just leaving. Bye. For now. Girls do love the bad boys. Steal any paintings lately? I don't know what you're talking about. I own a restaurant. And the money you used to pay for it wasn't exactly hard-earned, was it? And the rumor has it... that you stole the paintings that Sydney sold overseas. But that's your business. I'm just looking for the painting - she took from me. Any idea where it is? - I have no idea. What about the art she did herself? Her paintings. I have the one that you saw, and she gave one to Auggie right before she died. Not worth much, aside from sentimental value. Auggie...? He's the chef that used to live here. - He and Syd had a special bond. - I'm sure they did. So, Jane, what do you say... we turn back the clock and have a little fun tonight? After everything we've been through, I will never be that desperate. Oh, my God. I feel like I'm in a time warp. - Look who it is! - My God! Jo? Oh, my goodness. It's been forever. Did Amanda invite you or what...? Something like that. So, has anyone seen the queen of publicity? Isn't this nice? A little mini-reunion in the courtyard. Let's do it again in ten years, shall we? - Amanda, do you have a moment? - Does this mean you're here for more than hot boys in skinny jeans? Ella Simms told me about the WPK payout in my name, and I had visions of vintage Amanda Woodward embezzling money from D&D advertising. I don't know what you're trying to accuse me of. Especially since all the jobs that made your career came from D&D and WPK. But I guess that generosity is lost on you. You don't have a generous bone in your body. But that's about to change. I mean, unless you want everyone to know that you've probably bled your own company dry by now. Make the check out to global hunger project. Diagnosis, awkward. No, it wasn't. It's fine. Hey, that's life. You're totally cool with me and Riley? I'm with Ella. Man... that is so great to hear, man. I guess I can cancel my trip to home depot to get that dead bolt for Riley's front door. What's that supposed to mean? Just some friendly advice: the unannounced drop-in is a little freakier when you don't knock. You might want to call next time. Dr. McChuckles, my name is on that lease, all right? And I lived there for a long time, so I don't really need you telling me what I can and might not want to do. You don't get to do, whatever you want with Riley anymore. She's not your girlfriend. Okay, so you just move into this building, and you start hitting on every girl who lives here. Lauren's not around, so you zone in on Riley? That's a little desperate, isn't it? - Who's desperate? - I think you are. Desperate's throwing a party like this to show everybody how awesome you are! Yo, guys, stop it! Jonah, stop it. - You need to stop calling me. - You never showed up at the hotel. I lost track of time. I gotta say, Lauren, standing here outside your door, I'm feeling a little neglected here. I mean, you okay with me chattin' up your friends... Tellin' 'em all about your little part-time job? Leave me alone. What's the big deal? You're a pro. You do this stuff all the time. Boy, if I was a less secure man, I might be offended. The compromises I made in my personal life... they were all about protecting the one thing that matters to me. And that's my medical career. Don't worry, because this is going to be fantastic for your medical career. Hey, don't you dare walk away - from me, Lauren. - Watch me. Hey, you guys. Hey. Lauren, are you okay? There's something I need to tell you. I've been really scattered and really overwhelmed for the last few months, and I've been telling you all that it's because of work but it was... a lot more than that. Lauren, sweetheart... Do you think maybe you've had a little bit too much to drink? This isn't a drunk confessional I'm going to forget in the morning. I lied to you... all of you... And I know I hurt you. Six months ago, I fell behind in my tuition payments. And, I had to come up with money fast... or my dream of being a doctor was going to be over. So... I did something that I'm going to have to live with for the rest of my life. I had sex for money. I was a prostitute. Dream or reality? I heard Dr. Lauren Yung declare herself a prostitute. It's not a dream, it's a nightmare. I mean, she's the last person I ever thought would be turning tricks in her spare time. Did you have any idea? I had my suspicions. Really? You smell like one part chlorine, two parts Tequila. I really tackled drew into the pool, didn't I? - You did. - Oh, well, that's bad. Normally I find a brawl between two red-blooded boys kinda hot, but when it's over your ex-fiancée, not so much. I'm sorry. I acted like a total ass. I thought we were way past this. We are. - Totally. - Good. You better be. Sorry. I gotta grab my alcohol poisoning by the horns. I'm being summoned to Amanda's office. - On Saturday morning. - What? Do you think she knows you're onto her? Well, I'm still alive... so, no, not yet. About last night. I... Obviously didn't want to tell you like that. When I heard you blaming yourself for what happened to us, I... I couldn't take it anymore. Thanks. That means a lot. About the way you took things slow with me, the late shifts, mysterious texts, that guy Rick. How many times did you look me in the eye and lie? And the scary thing... is how good you were. That tore me up, David. I tried not to get involved with you, okay? But I... I couldn't help myself. I've never felt like this about anyone before. And I'm suddenly supposed to believe you? I get it. Just know that I didn't want to break up with you, David, and I've never said this to anyone before... But I love you. Remember, I know what it feels like to have your whole world drop out from under you. You're my best friend. I'll always be here. Call me back, okay? Boy, I don't know who the jerk was who threw this party last night, but he sure let things get out of hand, huh? What were you thinking, coming into my apartment like that? And then playing schoolyard bully with drew? I'm sorry. Last night was not my shining moment. You and Ella have been nesting like lovebirds in this courtyard ever since the night we called off our wedding. Do you think that's been easy for me? It's 8:00 a.m. On a Saturday and you are in the office. I guess that's what it takes to be on top. It's too late to charm your way out of this one, Ella. - I know you're the embezzler. - What? After what you told me last night, I audited your accounts, and it appears that you've stolen hundreds of thousands of dollars. Do you really think that you can get away with this? I overheard you talking to Jo. You set me up. How much did you drink last night? God knows what you heard. And I looked up to you. You weren't just my boss, you were the prototype of everything I wanted in my career. - But you're nothing but a thief. - Who's the thief? With all the money missing from WPK's coffers, there's a lot of jail time at stake. I have never stolen anything before in my life. Then I'll consider this your first offense... So you better work real hard to make amends.