Will you marry me? She needs a better publicist. She needs me. Jonah, you are a hugely talented filmmaker. Ella has a thing for you. You think she's pushing your career out of the goodness of her heart? You think Ella's the one trying to come between us when you and Auggie are like... Friends? All my life, all I wanted was to be a doctor. Now the university is telling me that I have to pay in full by the end of the semester or they're going to kick me out. I went on this fancy dinner with this guy. He offered me $5,000 to have sex with him. You know, there's a, uh, a hostess that just quit at Coal. I could put in a good word for you. Hey. Wow. That's where I lived till I was 13. My mom was dying, she called the dad I never met, told him he had to step up. Look at you... Patek watch, the Prada. You're getting your money somewhere. If you were happy, you wouldn't have called me. You definitely wouldn't have been sleeping with me. You're my mom. Violet, I never had a baby. * Yo, yo * Say when you're ready, girl * When time you want it, come get it * * Let-let me set it, girl * Take care of you like a medic * * Cah, when you press it up * Press it up * See the way you wiggle it, girl * * You make me stress it out so that I cannot * Mother...! * Say the way you moving it, girl * Morning. You want coffee? I want sleep and another set of opposable thumbs. * Move that body 'cause you do this every day * See you tonight. * We do this every day * Every day * * Let me see you get crazy, don't worry about nothing * * Just keep it strong 'cause you don't play * * My girl, 'cause we don't play * * Say when the rhythm and bounce, girl * * You keep perfect time * And you are much on my mind * When you whine, when you whine * * Girl, your body keep looking so fine * * And you don't stop running through my mind * * Said I want to press it upon yours * * So you can press it upon mine * * Girl, when you press it up * See the way you wiggle it, girl * * You make me stress it out * So that I cannot wait to caress it * * When-when you press it up * Say the way you moving it, girl * * I cannot get enough * When you feel me push it * Press it up... * ... Riley Richmond is in my hands * * I got Riley Richmond Hey! Pavarotti. You might want to get your tuners checked. * I got Riley Richmond * In my hand * Oh, I got Riley Richmond... * Oh! Oh! It's cold! Riley! Oh! Riley, turn it off! Ha, ha. Riley! * In the zone and give you the most love * * Give you the most love, most love * * Listen me, girl, if you hear what me say * * You feel wine pon the head like you deh in my bed * * Then, girl, if you accept the leg * * And no bother worry, no fret * I'm gonna give you this thing, girl * * That you will never regret * Cah, when you press it up * See the way you wiggle it, girl... * What are you doing here? You know the rules! You call before you stop by. I was just dropping off Noah's birthday present. That's assuming he still likes cars. But what would I know? It's not like you let me talk to him. I promise I'll give him your number if he ever wants a deal on oxy. Enough, Michael. Hancock Park isn't interested. But aren't you? My dad turned his back on everybody in his life. Who's to say you're not next? Go. Hey. Vanessa is the best thing that ever happened to me. Oh, I'm sure that life's just roses now that Syd's gone, huh? Is that why you killed her, tidy things up? The police cleared me. But I guess if you don't have a real job, you have plenty of time to sit around dreaming up ludicrous theories. The night that Sydney died, she told me she was going to go to the medical board and tell them that you faked her death 12 years ago. I know you were naive enough to believe that Syd had real feelings for you. But you're not that gullible. Syd's story adds up. She was going to out you. You had all the motive in the world to want her dead. No one on the board would buy the fiction that Syd rattled off in her pill-popping delirium. Neither should you. Oh, my God, Syd. Who did this to you? Someone from my past. Blood pressure falling. They said they'd kill my husband. Give me four pints of type O negative. Let me die. He'll be safe. You could lose your license. You're worth it. What's wrong, Dad? Hmm? Scared your perfect plan had a few loopholes? Syd did her time for faking her death, and I was not a part of it. Yeah, I don't buy it. And I'm going to do whatever it takes to prove that you killed her. Have a nice day. Captioning sponsored by PARAMOUNT TELEVISION What are you doing here? This is where they put my desk. Your turn. Our client, Kavi DeKnight, he walked off the set of Boomkat's new music video this morning. Yeah. I am already on it. Uh, if you were on it, then TMZ wouldn't have caught Kavi sprinting past MOCA screaming like a madman. What did Kavi expect? Taryn's a live grenade. She thinks everyone's stalking her. Meanwhile, Kavi's credibility as a director is quickly becoming a PR Hindenburg. Caleb, relax. This thing spins like a top. Kavi had a bad burrito and went home. Done. Let craft service take the hit. No. No. It's too late. The label doesn't find another director for the Boomkat video, then the L.A. Times runs a story that says Kavi is a visionary without balls. WPK cannot lose him as a client. Get me Joel Devins from Columbia Records. Why are you calling the cute A&R guy? Because I got his boy band on the cover of Spin last month. Excuse me. So, if I can sell him on the director, he can sell the label. Who are you pitching him? Only the hottest up-and-coming director in Hollywood. Seriously, stop. My bride-to-be on the quest for her dress-to-be. This just had to be immortalized. That's it. I'm done. Oh, it's so good. What's wrong, hon? Too much sequinsy frilly laciness? Too much sameness. Guess I'm not really the "glossy magazine wedding" kind of bride. Hey, Riley, your Facebook status still says "In a relationship." It's probably safe to change that to "engaged." Facebook's not really the way I want to tell the world I'm engaged. Meaning? Meaning it's kind of impersonal. All right, but you have told people, right? Like your college roommates? Like your best friends? Like Andrea and Catherine who you text every time you get a new pair of underwear? It's not like I'm hiding it from them. Okay, but your parents know, right? Riles, please tell me right now that both your parents know we're getting married. Not exactly. Did the fact that it was 3:00 a.m. East Coast time stop me from calling my family and sharing the happiest news of my life? Everyone who matters to me knows that I'm getting married. And if I wasn't $200 short of announcing it in skywriting, all of L.A. county would know, too. I don't think there's anything wrong with telling people my own way. Okay, so far, your own way is not telling them. What's going on, Riley? Should I have saved the receipt for that ring? Wow. Did someone forget to put down the toilet seat? This really isn't the best time. Actually, there's never a bad time for your big break. Jonah... I scored you your dream job. You, my friend, are directing Boomkat's new music video down at Disney Concert Hall. How is that remotely feasible? I'll explain it to you on the way. You have T minus seven hours left of sunlight so... we have to go. Now. Let's get out of here. You realize he's the best cardiac surgeon this side of Mayo. Everybody wants that spot you're after. Yeah, I know. That's why I'm hoping to accidentally cross paths with him. Then you better turn around. How do I look? Serious, professional, no-nonsense...? Gorgeous. I need someone to unlock my office. I've misplaced my keycard. Sure. Hi, Dr. Mancini. I'm Lauren Yung, third year. Oh, nice to meet you. I just wanted to introduce myself to you and to let you know that I'm up for a spot on your team. That's excellent. I'll see you in the interview. Great. Y-You know, not-not that it matters or anything, but I actually know David. Hm. Small world. How well do you know David? We live in the same building. We've all kind of bonded recently because our landlord was killed, so... Yeah, I heard about that. Real tragedy. These instructions come in three languages, none of them English. Sweetheart, one of your, um, colleagues from the hospital is here. Okay. Sydney. You look like you've seen a ghost. You shouldn't be here. If the police find out you're still alive... They know, Michael. I just finished serving six years at Valley State Prison. You found a wife, had a kid, moved into a house straight out of a magazine. And what was I doing? Oh, right. Wearing a prison jumpsuit and trying to avoid my cell mate's razor blade. I was doing you a favor. You were an accomplice, Michael. Faking my death was a felony. But I kept your name out of it. I protected you. There's a reason that you risked everything for me the night of my accident. Michael, you and I, we are the same person. We want what we want, and we get it. That's just who we are. * All I do is think of you, it feels like I'm... * The label already signed off on the treatment, so you have to follow their storyboards. Okay. This is sick, El. How did you score this? I told them you were a younger, hipper version of Kavi DeKnight, and if anyone could imitate his work, it's you. I've never met him. You follow him on Twitter... same diff. And besides, after they heard about the buzz around Living in Reverse, you were a shoo-in. There is no buzz. There is now. Ugh! Caleb, my watchdog. Why don't you go find Taryn, make friends, do whatever you people do... but, Jonah, don't blow it. Talk to me. Okay. Um... Hey, can someone tell me where the lead singer is? Violet. Hey. Hey. Wardrobe malfunction. You mind fastening me up? I forgot how hard this dress was to put on. No. Of course. Half of my dresses require me, Jonah and a pair of needle-nose pliers. I guess designers just alw we've got an extra set of hands nearby. That's what's great about this place. A girlfriend's just a knock away. There. That is a really gorgeous dress. Thank you. Excuse me. Are you here about the apartment? Where'd you get it? Just a mall in Corvallis. I'm kind of wearing it for someone. Really? That didn't take long. Who's the lucky guy? Just a guy from work. I was thinking about getting him something. You know, that says I'm into him. Any ideas? Well, I have to admit, I'm a little rusty in the new crush department, but I'm pretty sure there are other ways of showing a guy you're into him besides a gift. Yeah, but if I get him something, every time he sees it, he'll think of me. Right. What about a mix CD? When Jonah and I were moving out here, I made him this mix of video game songs. He listened to it nonstop from Manhattan to L.A. It was torture. But it madhim really happy. Guess that's why you guys have been together forever. Who the hell are you? Uh... hi. I'm Jonah. Jonah Miller. I'm your new director. Says who? Whoa! Um... hold on. Security! Look... Now when you say the original director walked out the set did you actually mean it was more of a run followed by a duck-and-cover? So Taryn's a little paranoid. A little? She's packing heat, El! Oh, please! She had a bad run-in with a stalker, and now she's got trust issues. The gun's her security blanket. I doubt it's even loaded. Yeah, well, guess who's not sticking around to find out. Jonah, come on! With your people skills, she's like putty in your hands. Yeah, maybe the kind they make C-4 explosives with, sure. Gosh, El, seriously! What did you get me into here? I'm a director, not a hostage negotiator. Look, if I didn't think you could do it, I wouldn't be risking my entire career for you. What? What's wrong with your career? You know it must be tragic when I can't even sugarcoat it. I can't drop the ball in front of my new boss, okay? You won't, though... you're, like, the superhero of spin. You'll be fine. You don't have to convince me I'm good. I'm great. It's just that my new boss is dead set on turning my office into his very own private cigar lounge. I never realized there was a guy on this planet that actually intimidated you. Well, maybe I didn't want to lose your respect. Look... the bottom line is that I hired you because I believe in you. I never thought I would actually say this, but... let me see what I can do about getting the .45 away from the crazy chick in the bus. Thank you! Do you ever leave this place? Hey. It's a little early for happy hour, isn't it? I'm surprisingly not here for my mid-morning Cosmo. I'm actually headed to the farmer's market. Can I pick your brain for a recipe? Don't tell me I'm losing my running buddy to an apron and oven mitts. Not in this lifetime. But I was thinking I'd surprise Jonah with a special dinner. You? In the kitchen? I thought your culinary skills peaked with grilled cheese. Yeah, well, Jonah and I kind of got off to a weird start this morning. I want to make the effort to say I'm sorry. You know, your fianc?.. snagged himself quite a catch. He better hold on to you. This from the guy who refuses to settle down before he surfs every big wave on the planet? Filet mignon with a caramel-Merlot sauce. Works every time. It sounds... complicated. Relationships are complicated; cooking comes with instructions. Taryn? Uh, it's Jonah. Can I come in? Hey, uh, I have my ID badge. My hands will be clearly visible at all times here. I'm approaching with caution. Wow. This is... this is nice digs. So, security double-secured the perimeter and we're ready for you. I'm really not looking forward to wearing this space suit all day. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. It looks great; you look fantastic. I'm afraid we're gonna have to leave your little friend behind. My .45 goes everywhere with me. Except for court and airplanes. Okay, well, you're gonna have to add film sets to that list also. Way too many people out there with lives and stuff. Look, I had this fan, okay? My number one fan. She brought me flowers. She came off really sweet. Psycho pulled out a switchblade and almost took my head off. Oh, my gosh, that's... that's scary stuff. You know, you think you know somebody and you let them in, and then they cut your heart out. I hear that. Look, Taryn, we all have our issues. I got mine. Believe me, I got mine. But we can't let them get the best of us though. The longer you hold on to that gun, the longer you're holding on to your fear. You can't live like that. Why don't you just admit it scares the crap out of you? It scares the crap out of me. So do you. You scare the crap out of me. Happy? Yeah. What do you say the gun sits this one out? It was loaded. Always. * Every time I look at you, it's feeling like * * There's something about you drawing nearer * * Drawing nearer * * And you can see it in my eyes * * My feelings go beyond the sky, baby * * We're soaring away... Cut! Cut! That sucked. It looked fine to me. Exactly, fine blows. Jonah, sweetheart, we already dodged a bullet here. Get this thing on film before your artist starts itching for her hardware again. Just trust me, all right? Taryn, darling, will you rip off that costume for me? What? Serious? Yes. Yeah, gladly. Okay. Thanks. Guys! Guys, forget the choreography. I just, uh, I want you guys to freestyle, follow Taryn's lead, all right? And get into your street clothes. Jonah? I want to go handheld on this one, all right? Um, wide angle, low, real low and, uh... Okay, Jonah, spit out the LSD. The label approved the storyboards. You can't change anything. Ella, this video is flat. Taryn looks like the Tin Man who's in serious need of some WD-40. Okay, I don't care. You have to shoot this as scripted. Stop wasting time. Wait, you recommended me because you trust me, right? Trust me. Dr. Anaman. Calling Dr. Anaman. David... What are you doing in here? Why are you in your dad's office? I was just seeing if he was available for lunch. I guess he's, uh, on rounds. Actually, I'm kind of glad you're here. Need a volunteer for a practice exam? Not exactly. I'm one of 50 interns jockeying for a spot on your dad's surgical team. Good luck with that. I never thought I could be working with the guy who invented the transcatheter aortic valve. So, I was... I was hoping you could put in a good word. Look, Lauren, here's an insider tip. You don't want to be on his team. What...? I-I don't? No, he goes through interns like he goes through ex-wives. He's hard on people. I mean, brutal almost. No, brutal is watching you and Ella drinking by the pool while I'm on the couch studying my neuroanatomy note cards. You know how hard I worked for this. Lauren, I'm not saying you didn't work hard. I'm just saying you don't know my dad. Do you have any idea how much attitude I've taken from doctors along the way, David? Especially arrogant male doctors? Look, I'm sorry. Trust me on this, okay? I'm saving you the headache. It's just... it's best to stay out of his way altogether. * I'll be in the sky Order on table six. * Oh, all right Pretty intense back here. It's a lot mellower than it was about an hour ago. You know, I never really thanked you for getting me this job. That was so cool of you. I just wanted to let you know how much it meant to me. I know the beach is practically your second home, so why not block those UV rays in style? Tony, take over. Violet, those are $200 sunglasses. Thank you, really, but I can't take those. Auggie, this is the least I can do. You don't owe me anything. Right. Okay, yeah. Well, no big deal. I, uh, I can totally get my money back for them. I just saw them and automatically thought of you. That was sweet. It was nothing. Anyway, see ya. * I'll be there * I'll be there. * This feels so right * It's like we're flying * And I don't want to come down * Awesome, guys, that lift was awesome. * We are all just human beings Taryn, come towards me now. * Across the ocean Come towards me. Perfect. * Overseas * When you die, what will you leave? * Riley. Bad timing. Jonah's on his last shots and we're running out of sunlight. I'm just saying hi to my fianc? Last I heard, that engagement was a little lopsided. That's really none of your business. No, but Jonah delivering his video on time is my business. Look, just do us both a favor; don't distract him with any of your domestic issues, please? Cut! All right, print that! I want one more reset. Quickly. Jonah, this is like a big deal. You must be a kid in a candy store. I don't want to sound like a jerk here, Riley, but I really, I, just super busy, okay? I know. Look, I was thinking about this morning... Okay, that can wait, and this shoot can't. I'm not here to start things up with you again. I just wanted to... Then later, please? I just don't have the time. I'm fighting the sunlight right now. Guys! We're rolling. Of course. Playback! * Every time I look at you * It's feeling like there's something about you * * Driving me away... High recommendations from the chief. Test scores in the 95th percentile. Looks like somebody knows what she's doing. Thank you. I pretty much wanted to be a doctor since I got my first Fisher-Price stethoscope. Mm. Then why does the admission's office have you red-flagged? Um... my dad lost his job and missed a few tuition payments. So what happens if the school decides to throw you out of the program? I don't have time to train a new intern. No, of course not. But I can assure you I'm doing everything I can to catch up with those payments. Your optimism's adorable, Yung, but you do realize that being on my team means there's no time to pick up that extra shift at Starbucks. Dr. Mancini, I... I promise you I have something worked out. I'll let you know. Oh, did... did David find you? David? Yeah, he came by here to grab some lunch, but you were out. David was here? In my office? Yeah, yeah, when I dropped off my application. Hmm, I must have just missed him. Okay. Hey. Checking up on the chef. I, uh, I didn't see Jonah's car out back, and I don't smell any food cooking in the kitchen. That's because the dinner's off. Guess I won't be earning my way onto Jonah's good side after all. Must have been some fight this morning. I think I had it coming. I haven't told anyone we're engaged. Why keep that a secret? I don't know. I guess I just didn't want to deal with all the phone calls and fanfare. Right. And I'm supposed to believe that? I'm, like, the worst fiancee in the world. Riley, it's okay. No, it's not, Auggie. I wish I could just jump onto a surfboard whenever there's a problem, but I can't. I'm sorry. I didn't mean that. No, you're right. Not letting anyone down... one of the perks of being single. Look, you and Jonah are gonna work through this. Why should we have to work through anything? Isn't this supposed to be the easy part? Engaged and in love without a care in the world? What are you doing? You don't drink. I know, but you look like you could really use it. You hungry? * And I don't want to come down * * We are all just human beings * Across the ocean, overseas * * When you die, what will you leave? * * I know for me it's my belief. * Cut! That's a wrap, everyone. Thank you so much. Whoo! Hey. Hey. You're really good with that camera. Thank you very much. You, uh, you rocked up there. So, you're coming to the loft party, right? Uh, I don't know. That's the first I've heard of it. Oh. Well, apparently, there's a stripper pole in one of the bedrooms. So, I was thinking you could grab that camera and direct me in something a little more private. That sounds like a very interesting project, but... I'm gonna have to pass. So I guess it's true: once gun-shy, always gun-shy. Pow. Bye. What, you're not into rock stars? Guess schoolteacher's more your speed. It's been a long day, Ella. You're not seriously going home to your bride-in-waiting? Yeah, I treated her like crap today, El. None of this means anything unless I have someone to share it with. You were brilliant today, Jonah. When you focus and you execute, you're unstoppable. Why would you let anyone come in the way of that? Because I'm not like you, El. I can't just turn off my emotions, okay? When I said I wasn't thinking about Riley, she was still on my mind. She's always with me. Well, then I hope she likes bar mitzvahs and birthday parties. Because if you don't start putting your career first, that's all you're gonna have to share with her. Think about it. Did I really finish this? Well, in your defense, you were drinking for two. Oh, I wish I could say it's helping making things easier. Riley, there's nothing easy about being in a relationship. And the longer you're in one, the harder it can be. I screwed up, Auggie. No one's asking you to have every answer. But Jonah just wanted one answer, and it took me an entire day to give it to him. I should've been more sure. You can't help how you feel. That's the problem. I don't even know how I feel. I think you do know how you feel. That's why you're scared. Oh, God. Riley... No, I'm drunk. Like really, really drunk. Riley, it's okay. My mind's kind of spinning. This whole room's kind of spinning. I, um, I should probably go lie down before I humiliate myself any more. Riley, don't kill yourself over this, all right? It's fine. We're fine. Good night. Good night. Oh. You want to play this game? I'll play. I thought that we called first, Dad. Isn't that the rule? What'd you, uh, you crawl through the window? Oh, save it. You don't think I know you were in my office today? What did you take? Nothing. But whatever you think it was must've been pretty damn incriminating for you to slither back to your old haunts to find it. Oh, yeah, you, uh, you were sneaking in and out of here for months while you were banging Sydney. You don't think I know you broke into my house and stole a $2 million painting? A painting? Dad, I thought I was too much of a failure to appreciate fine art. That's why you're showing up on my doorstep accusing me of murder. Takes the spotlight off you, doesn't it? Whatever lets you sleep at night. You think you've got it all figured out, don't you, Davey? Your angst and your spats with the law. Blame it all on your abandonment issues. It's not just me that you abandoned. You abandoned Mom. We barely knew each other. She called you from her deathbed. She needed you. The greatest doctor of all time, and what do you do? You just stand by and watch her die. You want me in your life? You got it, kiddo. I am going to make it priority one to know everything about you... your friends, your hobbies... Oh, and I'll make up for lost time. You can bet on that. Enjoy the painting. Hello? Hello, Michael. I told you, never call me here. Not until you've paid in full. I gave you your life back. It's not my fault you got caught faking your own death. It was your idea. That could have been you in that jail cell, Michael. I was the one who kept you out of it. And I showed you my appreciation with my checkbook. If I recall, you showed me a lot more than your checkbook. Sydney, get a grip. I can't be dragged out of my life every time you decide to have a meltdown. You're not going to have much of a life after I tell the medical board what you did that night. They'll never believe you. Daddy? I can't sleep. Go back to bed. I'll be right in. Don't let your family down. We both know that Michael Mancini's a nobody without the "D-R" in front of his name. Leticia? I bet she's got some place to go. I'm so sorry, Jonah. My issues aren't with you. They're with me. I've only dated three guys. My second longest relationship was six months. Why would you want to marry someone who doesn't know what she's doing? Like I know what I'm doing? Do you know how intimidating it is to be around you sometimes? I'm pretty much the least intimidating person I know. You didn't see yourself on set today in the midst of that giant production? You were fearless. You could have let it terrify you and you could have run away, but you didn't. That's how you are. You don't question and hesitate and worry. You just trust yourself and dive right in. Jonah, I want to dive in with you. Does that mean you're calling your parents? Done. My mom is already planning an East Coast bridal shower and my dad said, "Congratulations there, buddy." And I changed my Facebook status. And... even found that extra 200 bucks if you want to follow through with the skywriting thing. Hmm. Look, you can come to me with anything. We're not going to make it if we just keep secrets from each other. All right? I know. I promise. No more secrets. That's Catherine and Andrea calling me back. Hello? Yeah. I know. I'm engaged! You seen the dailies yet? Yep. Told you Jonah would knock it out of the park. Who's Jonah? Jonah Miller. Our director. Oh, no. Kavi DeKnight directed this video. Are you serious? Kavi loves the way that Jonah shot his storyboards. He wants to put his name back on the project. I want to keep him hot. And you're going along with this? Yeah, it was my idea. And the record company loves it. Having Kavi's name on the video means more airplay. Now, if promoting our star means undercutting some baby-faced newbie, that's Hollywood. Nice work, Caleb. There you are. Dr. Mancini. Hey. I've been thinking about you. You know, I think you're too valuable to pass up. Welcome to my team. Are you serious? Yeah. I talked to David. He said nobody works harder than Lauren Yung. Now, rotations start next week. Now, I'm still a little concerned about your finances. You sure you can work that out? I can work it out. I... I mean, I swear to you, I'm going to do whatever it takes. I'm sure you will. * And when the fires came * The smell of cinders and rain... * Oh. Lovebirds need me to make a Gelson's run for some champagne and strawberries? If that's your Ella way of asking if Riley and I figured things out... Yes, we did. Fantastic. Thank you. Look, I may have been a little hard on you today at the shoot. Oh, my... No. You were just being my agent, manager, and publicist. It's cool. Well, as your three-pronged career consultant, I have to be the bearer of bad news. Um, you're still getting paid for the music video, but Kavi is taking the credit. What? He can't do that, though. That's... That's like, above and beyond plagiarism. I know, okay? Believe me, I know. Even with my job hanging by a thread, I fought my boss really hard on this. This sucks. So now... now I have to sue him? Not unless you want your first Variety headline to be a credit arbitration lawsuit. I can't believe this. Hey. It's okay. You're way too good for music videos, anyway. Oh, yeah, sure. Next stop, feature-land. Yeah... Oh, yeah. Big bucks. Hey. Thanks again for fighting for me today. Of course. * For home again, for home again * * When I run in the dark * Daniel * To a place that's worst... Hey, you. Hey. How did the interview go? I made the team. Congratulations. Yeah. Thanks to you. Your dad told me you put in a good word after all. I appreciate it. Good night.