the ice cream store. She doesn't seem too fond of buttoning her top button. Let's go check her out. Transcript: swsub.com Sync: BlueDoc, ¤AkaZab¤ Season 4 - Episode 3 "97 Seconds" What are we supposed to be doing... It's almost 4:00. You got somewhere to be? We know he likes to manipulate people. He's probably testing us. To find out what? How long we can look stupid for? He said he'd be here by 3:00. He's obviously not coming. - I'm going home. - Nobody follow her. She pied pipered nine people right out of a job last week. Would you mind holding my metaphor for a second? New patient. 37 year-old male. Suffers from severe ascending muscle weakness. - Why are you late? - To see who'd put up with it. So if we left, we would have been fired? I was gonna fire whoever stuck around. But since everyone stuck around... 28% curvature of the spine has caused reduced lung capacity, and has reduced bone mineral density. Patient has spinal muscular atrophy. It's genetic, incurable. This is not a diagnostic mystery. You have just given state secrets to the enemy. What enemy? New patient. New rules. Today you're gonna split yourselves into two teams. First to figure out what's threatening to deprive the patient of the 20 or so miserable years he's got left with SMA, gets to keep their jobs. Take off your numbers. You look stupid. And I think I know who you are by now. Wait. How do you want us to split up? Good question, overly excited former foster kid. There's ten of you. I'm thinking six against six. No, wait. - How about women versus men? - Excellent suggestion, fat twin. More interesting than evens versus odds, less interesting than shirts against skins. If your sex organs dangle, you're the confederates. If your sex organs are aesthetically pleasing, you're the yanks. Dr. House... I'd like to be on the men's team. Do your sex organs dangle, cutthroat bitch? Not yet. You've never hired more than one female in your team before. If you're going to purge an entire gender, - it isn't going to be the danglers. - Sounds logical. If you don't think about it for more than three seconds. But I just told you that if the danglers lose, they're out. So I can only assume, you're hiding the real reason. You don't think the women will be aggressive enough, or be good enough at - science, they'll be too emotional. - Can I switch teams? If the danglers are okay, I'm okay. We're not okay. I get it. You don't like me because - maybe I'm a little bit competitive. - Manipulative. Cutthroat bitch is your official title. It's a game. You can either play for fun or play to win. If you want to win, you want cutthroat. No, thank you. First thing we have to do is get inside his head. It's not psychological. I'm not talking about the patient, I'm talking about House. He's insane, but he's not irresponsible. He wouldn't be playing this game, if the didn't already know the answer. First thing we do is gang bang the sucker. There's five of us. We can run dozens of tests. We don't need a theory. We just need brute force. What about the assist dog? Picks bacteria-infested things up with its bacteria-infested mouth, - hands them over to the guy and... - It's not the dog. It wouldn't be fair. - To who? - Whom? The men. House knows I used to be a vet. If the dog's the answer, they'd be at a handicap. What about the dog? Assist dogs put everything in their mouth, money, door knobs. Great. That's not what I said. - Why do you think a low sodium... - I don't The patient took a trip to Thailand two weeks ago. Write bigger and angle the board more so they can see it. This is wrong. It's only wrong if they cheat off us, and if they cheat off us, they're wrong. They're not cheating. One of them is moving. Stop playing with your sutures or I'll have to redo them. Why do you guys keep a D cell battery in a urine specimen cup? Because we pulled it from a patient's intestine. Why would somebody swallow a battery? Why do you assume it was swallowed? Bed five needs a bag of ringer's lactate. It would have been worse If he'd used a nine volt. Who said it was a "he"? False assumptions. You're good. You're trying to get me to think like him. And you're trying to kiss my ass. Why are you talking to me? Because House is turning patient care into a game. It's dangerous... The patient's gonna suffer, maybe die. You really need to shave. See what I did there? Interesting. Need a crash cart in here! I didn't do it. When a person faints, it's because they're not getting enough blood to their brain. The act of falling corrects the problem. You faint again strapped into that power chair where you can't fall... You might not wake up. Killed by an assistive device. At least my death would be ironic. I think when you Went to Thailand you picked up a thread worm called strongyloides. They usually go up through your feet. I didn't do a lot of walking on the beach. But I assume you did have someone lay you down in the sand. Bare back, bare legs. Increases exposure tenfold over bare feet. Two pills. You'll be all better. Can I have some water for those, please? Hey, take a number. House didn't say anything about taking turns. What's she testing him for? Don't. They'll spend all day obsessing over my idea instead of coming up with one of their own. - And hey, I might be wrong. - Seriously. I'm worried that if we don't know what she's giving you there can be conflicts. No, you're not. House told me he's keeping track of all that. Ten doctors. They should be getting ten cures. We need blood, hair, and stool. You poop, and then you use the wooden sticks to collect the fecal matter, then you rub it on the green box. Hand it to my dog. Only one of those things I can do on my own. And the last couple of days, I haven't been doing that. Is it all right with you if we... Carry you into the bathroom? If you want me there, that's the way you're gonna have to do it. Ready? One, two, three. Can I get a little head support, please? Thank you. Why are you here? My offices are being used by my teams. Teams? Which means this is the only place where you can yell at me. You have teams? Two of them. I wanted to deal with the yelling today, because I noticed what you were wearing and I wouldn't have to listen all that closely. You can't make a competition out of patient care. Without competition, we'd still be single-cell organisms. - Can I go now? - Not until after the yelling. What's wrong with him? I have seven of the finest minds on it. Along with three very special... You wouldn't be doing this, unless you already knew... I tell you, you tell them. Game's over. If you know, you are obligated to treat. Well, then in that case, I don't know. Why would a guy... Voluntarily shove a metal object into an electrical socket? I'm getting closer and closer to knowing the answer. What would happen if I shut down this game? I'd fire them all, hire 40 new fellowship applicants, start the game All over again. You do know what's wrong with him, right? It'd be pretty irresponsible If I didn't, wouldn't it? Antibiotics aren't working. Legionella could explain the lungs, the fever... If she had legionella, she'd have low sodium. What can you tell me about her? She likes body surfing. Maybe picked up a virus swimming off Jones beach. But she doesn't even have the energy to finish her crossword anymore. - Her boyfriend said... - That's it. - What is? - Blurry vision. How do you get blurry vision from... You don't stop a daily ritual that cures boredom because you're bored. She stopped doing her crossword puzzle because she's having a hard time reading it. What causes fever, boggy lungs and blurry vision? Fungal. Aspergillus would explain the pneumonia, which explains the fever. Start her on amphotericin. Hey, guys? Great job. If you're gonna try to take yourself out, why choose electricity? You eat a bullet, jump off a building... I love the team thing, by the way. Bury yourself alive in Cuddy's cleavage. Teamwork, collaboration, all for the greater good. It could have been a suicidal gesture, as opposed to an actual attempt. Interestingly, the rain in Spain doesn't actually fall in the plain all that much. But who puts their internal organs on a skillet just to get attention? Go ask him. That would be cheating. - Got a diagnosis yet? - Get out of here. - Got a stool sample yet? - How could you know? I talked to a nurse. Pretty brilliant, huh? I give you a move House will love, straight from one of his former fellows, - and you let me join your team. - You're too late. We already have our diagnosis. He's lying because he wants you to go away. So do I. How do we know you're not a double agent? To find out what we're thinking, then go back to the women? Because I don't care What you're thinking. You wanna know why I want to be on your team? Because you're idiots. If I can get the women out of the competition, I'm in. And so are two of you. So... What's the big move? It's called xenodiagnosis. We let this bugs bite you, and then we test their feces for parasites. Why can't you test my feces? Because you've been chugging milk of magnesia for the past hour. You have a lot going in and nothing coming out. Testing the bugs'feces is actually more accurate than testing yours. Smaller haystack, easier to find the needle. You okay? Get the bugs off. - Get the bugs off him! - Test isn't done. He's choking! Patchy infiltrates on the X-Ray. Patient improved with chest PT and oxygen, consistent with aspiration. So now we have another symptom to explain. Why does his throat think his lungs are his stomach? - And why are your throats closing up? - Shouldn't we be In separate rooms? You think I'm gonna run two differentials this time in the morning? - Grumpy, you're first. - I'm not grumpy. Why would I call you that if you weren't? It's an unusual combination. Unusual equals exotic, equals foreign. Has to be connected to his trip to Thailand. You practice medicine overseas? I was with doctors without borders for eight years. It's in my file. David Blaine hides the six of hearts in a beer bottle, it's still impressive. - You like exotic. Why are you here? - I want this job. - Parents sick? - No. I... - I just... - This is not the job you want. This is the job in the zip code you want. You engaged? Yes. Am I not allowed to grow up and change my priorities? You're allowed to, people usually don't. This is not a new symptom. Our patient has spinal muscular atrophy. He has documented trouble swallowing. The choking's not new. So it's nothing's new. What caused the old? Strongyloides worms explain the fainting. - We already treated... - So he's all better, woman... Who... - Thirteen. - Hasn't got any worse. It's a pretty passive approach for the daughter of an alcoholic. Wrong again. We could stress his system. Put him on a tilt table. If he stays conscious, means we made the right diagnosis, and we win. Then why haven't you? Six against four. One of the men's gonna have to join the women's team. On the other hand, one of the men isn't an actual doctor. So, I guess it's pretty fair. Men, you're in the penalty box. - Who's not the doctor? - I'm glad you asked about that. Reason I'm penalizing you is time management. In diagnostics, you're always working against the clock. The women came up with a theory and they treated the patient. You guys just sat around in a lab, hoping a series of blind tests would give you a theory. You wasted the patient's time. Now I'm gonna waste yours. - Her gums are turning yellow. - Whatever it is, it's in her liver now. Fungal fit perfectly. We were wrong. We're gonna keep being wrong, until we're right. Or till she dies. Yeah, that was very helpful. Need a team to tell me we're mortals. Look, I'm sorry. You're right. It doesn't hurt to be reminded that we're dealing with real stakes here. Liver failure is a bad thing, but it's also a clue. What does it tell us? I can't let you leave. I think you're still suicidal. I wasn't trying to off myself. No, that's right. You were just trying to kill a wall. I check this box, and your next roommates are gonna be Jesus and crazy Mcloonybin. That guy never had a chance. It's gonna sound stupid. Suddenly you're shy? You pooped your pants in front of me. It's one of the nasty side effects of dying. Last saturday, I got in a car crash. A drunk driver came over the line and hit me head on. It was like slow motion. I saw these headlights, and... I saw... The paramedics said I was technically dead for 97 seconds. It was the best 97 seconds of my life. Okay, here's what happened. Your oxygen-deprived brain was shutting down. A flood of endorphins and serotonin was released and it's what gave you the visions. No. Believe me. It wasn't chemicals. I've done every hallucinogenic there is. This was way bigger than that. There's something out there. Something more. Hey, can I have my knife back? No. - Who the hell isn't a doctor? - House said we can't talk. - He meant we can't talk about the case. - House is just jerking us around. - It's what he does. - You're not curious? Only one reason you wouldn't be curious. We should talk about the case. He's punishing us for wasting time. Maybe we shouldn't be wasting this time. Close that door. You're gonna get us all fired. We need to find a link between fainting and trouble swallowing. We need to know If it's dysphagia or full blown achalasia. Paraganglioma. How would a neoplastic growth in his abdomen explain... Not his abdomen, in his neck. A carotid body tumor causes trouble swallowing. Food presses against the vagus nerve, and causes the fainting. So, if this guy has cancer, we get to keep our jobs? - If he's healthy, we're fired? - We need a CT to prove it. We need the women not to figure it out while we're sitting here. And does House's computer have a built-in microphone? There is a potential toxicity in the experimental treatment. I was never here. Blood pressure's remaining stable through 60 degrees. No pauses on his EKG, no nausea. Our treatment worked. - I need our patient. - Syncope's cured, Amber. It's over. You obviously haven't stressed the system hard enough. You crank it up high enough, anyone will pass out. This is incredible. This is the most I've moved in 40 years. The tilt table test showed that the patient's EKG, BPM pulse remained normal despite... Who are you, thirteen? My name's in the file. Fact that you don't answer my questions tells me more about you Than answers could. No, it doesn't. We turned the thing up to 95 degrees... You don't think that Non-answers tell me anything? Sure, just not as much as actual answers That's why they're called Answers. - Tells me you're hiding Something. - Tells you I'm hiding everything. Tells me you got something worth hiding. Is it Turkish prison? Gay porn? You killed a man, just because he was asking too many questions? - Can I finish reporting on the patient? - No need. I'll see you in an hour or so. Got to set some stuff up. Thank you all for coming... To tribal council. A man of your integrity I feel I can trust. Big love. And I don't call you that because you're a mormon. Where's your team's sixth man? She went rogue. Broke the rules. You also sinned. You have no right to cast the first stone. And atheists have no right to quote scripture. The rules said no talking. - I told them not to talk. - Out loud. We were trying to save a man's life. Key word being "trying." Tilt table test confirmed, that you guys were wrong. You're fired. Ah, the prodigal son returneth. You're also fired. We thought there was a tumor on the patient's esophagus. We were right about the area, wrong about the diagnosis. Turns out the esophagus is just straightening. It's sclerodma. Explains the syncope and the choking. He needs steroids. - You did a CT scan? - Obviously. After you were already proven wrong? Good for you. It's too bad you're wrong. Straightening indicates weakening, not hardening. SMA explains the weakening. Strongyloides infection explains everything else. You ladies have the honor to give the patient a feeding tube, discharge him, and show up for work tomorrow. The rest of you, you're a disappointment. You make me want to stop dangling. It was the best two weeks of my life. I think I will miss you most of all, ridiculously old fraud. Do you think House could be wrong? - I thought he fired you. - No. He fired the men. - I don't think he's wrong. - If he is, how would I prove it? I just said I don't think he is. Well, thinking isn't good enough. You have to run a blood test. For anticentromere antibodies. Would you mind running the labs? - You can't. - Well, I can, but... No. I was making a statement. You've been fired, so you no longer have lab privileges. You weren't coming here for advice, You were coming here to con a favor to save your job. Sorry. I'm not working for him anymore, but he can still make my life miserable. And you have a chance to make his life miserable. I'm insulted. You con Cameron by, appealing to her humanity. I told her what she wanted to hear. And you told me what you thought I wanted to hear. If it's any consolation, I think your motives are more interesting. I cannot believe he fired you. Go draw his blood. I'll meet you in the lab when I'm done here. Guess you didn't find your tumor. The other doctors tell you that you were fine? Yeah. They said it was just my disease getting worse. You come to terms with this disease. You know it's there. You know it's waiting. And every now and again... It takes something away. Took my walking. Took my modesty. Now it's taking one of my last pleasures. Well, there's an outside shot. That something other than the SMA's causing your eating problems. And if it is, we can fix it. And remove that tube. Is that my blood? It's green. What does that mean? It means I'm not fired. Is he a vulcan? If no, what makes nimoy bleed green? Are we officially unfired? How do we know she didn't fake, the green blood? Because that would be stupid. And while she may be manipulative, - Borderline evil, shallow... - They get it. I'm not stupid. What contrast did you use for the CT? - ICM. - His kidneys aren't working. They didn't filter the contrast, wich in ICM is green. 10 points. Let's add kidney failure to our list of symptoms. - What are these points? - That how you're deciding who to fire? I'm gonna fire the next person who asks me who i'm going to fire. Now we're on the point system? - What happened to men against women? - Forget the game. - What do you mean forget the game? - I mean forget the damn game! The guy's kidneys are failing. We need to diagnose exactly... I thought we were diagnosing. You were diagnosing. Now I am too. I thought that thirteen, was right about the strongyloides. I was obviously wrong. Okay, kidney failure, aspiration, fainting, go. Kidney failure could be the result, of a gram negative bacteria. Our patient wears a catheter full time. It virtually guarantees, bacterial infection. Which could have migrated up to his kidneys. Infection stresses his already weakened system, makes his SMA worse. That explains the choking and fainting. Put him on an IV AMP and gent. Our team's scleroderma diagnosis still holds. Tests could have been negative because the blood was tainted with contrast. Do a skin biopsy. Get a side of lymph node to confirm. I could have you fired. - You already had me fired. - Just proves than I can. And were the men wrong? - No, It doesn't change the fact... - Why are you yelling at me? Because performing tests for someone who is not a doctor in this hospital... You're frustrated. You want help? I'm here. If you just need to vent, leave a message. I like him better like this. You? Patient developed pneumonia. His lungs are filling fast. We started him on antibiotics. Nothing. - We were wrong. - And you're here to say? We were wrong too. He doesn't have scleroderma. Biopsy revealed no fibrotic changes. Cervical lymph node has black flecks. Small areas of necrosis. It's nothing. You say nothing. I say cancer. It's a bit of a stretch to jump right to cancer. I'm not jumping. Broad specs haven't worked, so it's not bacterial. Failing liver despite treatment, suggests it's not fungal. And her high lactic acidosis points towards anaplastic large cell lymphoma. Also suggests Infection, which is a lot easier and safer to treat. Large cell lymphoma is incredibly aggressive. She'll be dead in a week if we follow the textbooks. Unless it's infection, in which case you radiate her and she'll be dead in a day. I know you have some experience with that. I've seen doctors do this before. Go back to the scene of the crime. If you're right this time, you purge yourself of past ghosts. I know it's contrary to protocol, but I think it's more likely... Ghosts are there for a reason. So you don't make the same mistake twice. Switch over to third generation cephalosporin. You want to remove his eye? Who told you? You booked the OR. Good. You can't beat me in a foot race. I thought we were dancing. Cervical lymph node is a garbage dump. Very small one. Just one truck comes in and only comes from one home. Al Gore would be appalled. The home... The home is the right eye. I get it. - Do a biopsy. - On my way. You're not doing a biopsy. You ordered an orbital exenteration. Right. Because I don't want to remove a little tiny piece, sit in the lab and confirm what I already know, while my patient drowns in his own fluid. But if you want me to, I absolutely will. How advanced is the pneumonia? It's taking college courses. Hey, Wilson, I'm gonna cut some cripple's eye out. Wanna come watch? Good times. We good to go? I thought melanoma, was skin cancer. Technically it's cancer of the pigment cells. The same cells that give your iris it's color. Cancer? Why not? What else can God throw at me? Hail, locusts, smiting of the first born. Of course it all depends on how evil you've been. House... If it's cancer, it's spread everywhere, right? So it's in my lungs, my kidneys? There is a chance by removing the eye, get the primary tumor, and three courses of radiation. - That could... - Could... what? Few months? Years? More likely months. Any of your other doctors, have any cheerier diagnoses? If they do, they're wrong. This is the answer. It's the only way to help you. I already can't walk. I can't eat. You're telling me that the rest of my life. Is in this bed, puking and in pain? We can manage the pain. I'd rather just get this over with. I've been trapped in this useless body, long enough. It'd be nice to finally get out. Get out and go where? You think you're gonna sprout wings, and start. Flying around with the other angels? Don't be an idiot. There is no after, there's just this. House! You can't let a dying man take solace in his beliefs? - His beliefs are stupid. - Everybody lies. Some for good reason, some for bad, this would have been a fantastic reason to lie. Hi, Greg House. Why can't you just let him have his fairy tale? If it gives him comfort to imagine beaches, and loved ones, and life outside a wheel chair... Are there 72 virgins too? It's over. He's got days, maybe hours left. What pain does it cause you if he spends that time with a peaceful smile? What sick pleasure do you get in making damn sure he's filled with fear and dread? He shouldn't be making, a decision based on a lie. Misery's better than nothing. You don't know there's nothing. You haven't been there. God, I am tired of that argument. I don't have to go to detroit, to know that it smells. Yes, Detroit, the afterlife. Same thing. You're not getting enough oxygen, so we're inserting a tube directly into your lungs. It should help us drain, some of this excess fluid. It should make you a little more comfortable. Sats are still dropping. Fluid's clear, if this was cancer, there should be blood. Call House. He just paged me. Doctor House! Maybe it was... Just an accident. It wasn't an accident. You think his nihilism got the best of him? He tried to kill himself? - He paged me. - Paged you? Why you? - I assume because... - Don't assume anything. Don't fall into that trap. Is he okay? Burned his hand pretty good. His heart stopped for nearly a minute. Your cohort managed to restart it. But he... Has not regained consciousness. So... Since I have you all here, we should probably talk about your actual patient. Clear fluid from the lungs indicates, that it's probably not cancer. So it would be nice if we could come up with a new idea. You're an idiot. - You nearly killed yourself. - That was the whole idea. - You wanted to kill yourself? - I wanted to nearly kill myself. Is he... Better? No. But he doesn't have cancer. We think it might be eosinophilic pneumonia. Maybe you didn't wanna die, but you didn't care if you lived. You insisted that I needed, to see for myself. - Was he discharged? - No. He's dying. You've already had two near death experiences. Not that guy. The guy in the car accident, the knife. I... I need to talk to him. He, died almost an hour ago. Apparently it's bad to electrocute yourself. Within days, of suffering massive internal injuries. Why did you need to talk to him? Did you see something? Eosinophilic pneumonia. House? What did you see? Nothing. Whose idea was that? Brennan. Nothing you don't want to talk about it, or nothing... Which one is brennan? Is he the ridiculously old guy? House, you got to talk about this. If it's aggressive enough, might have gotten past the steroids. Start him on cyclophosamide. I already did. Just looking at you hurts. I'm gonna order up some extra pain meds. I love you. How fast will this work? New meds should start helping in minutes, okay? Hang in there. Vacutainer's full. I need to replace it. I don't... I don't think... - It's working. - Try and relax. You must... You must be wrong. Stop talking. Hurry up and get that chest tube working. Okay, I got it. Could you get... Hoover? I can't... Can you... Put my hand... On his head? It's okay. Don't worry. I'm not scared. Oh, God. Time of death? You're looking better. Stark's dead. What are you doing? Going to see our patient. He's dead. Dead is not a diagnosis. - You really shouldn't be... - Shut up and give me my cane. I assume we're all fired. Should I fire myself too? I thought it was strongyloides, then I thought it was cancer. - A little help here. - Ready? One, two... Why did you call me? Because if I pooped myself in front of Wilson, I'd never hear the end of it. - But why not one of the others? - Always have that phone in your hand. We all have cell phones. That's not the reason. What is? If I died, you'd never get the job. I knew you wouldn't let that happen. You don't think anybody else has any reason to care? Think this is starting to come back to me. It's right, left, then repeat. Yeah, that works. - What did we miss? - If we knew, he wouldn't be dead. That's it? You're just gonna give up? No, we were defeated. It's over. Patient presented with syncope. We thought it was thread worms, gave him ivermectin. Thank you. He seemed better, till his blood turned green. Can we at least remove the body before launching into a purely academic exercise? Patient didn't respond to antibiotics or steroids. You okay, boy? What's wrong with the dog? He's dead. There are only a handful of viruses. That can cross between dogs and humans, but they may not be connected at all. The dog was old. I've seen it before. They hang on way past their normal life expectancy to take care of their masters. Did you watch him take the pills? The ivermectin. Did you watch the patient, put them in his mouth and swallow them? I don't know. I think so. - What kind of dog is that? - English Shepherd. - It's in the collie family, right? - Not really. - They share the MDR one gene. - Yeah. What happens when you give a dog with the MDR one gene Ivermectin? They don't... I mean, it's used to treat heartworms in most dogs, but it'd be fatal if the... Look familiar? I think the last time you saw it, It didn't have that dead dog's teeth marks on it. I just put it on the bed tray to get him some water. When I asked you, if you watched the patient swallow the pills, the right answer was "no." Take his body down to the morgue. If you hadn't treated this patient as a game, he wouldn't be dead. I'm feeling much better, thank you. I'm supposed to show you sympathy? He died, while his attending was lying on a hospital bed, because he stuck a knife, in a wall socket. He died, because a doctor made a mistake. - She was an idiot. - You employed her. You're responsible. Doctor Foreman. How's she doing? Fever's gone. AST and ALT are back within normal range. She should be out of here in a few days. Gutsy call. Thanks. It wasn't a compliment. If you were wrong, she'd be dead. - I was sure... - No, you weren't. You couldn't be. There's a reason we have rules. If every doctor did whatever his gut told him was right, We'd have a lot more dead bodies to deal with. It won't happen again. Yes, it will. Because you confuse saving, her life with doing the right thing. I'm sorry Dr. Foreman, you're fired. As soon as the pathologist cut into the lungs, we saw the threadworms. You think it's fair that I fired all, the other members of your team, When you guys actually came up with the right diagnosis? I keep replaying it in my mind. Did I drop the pills when I put them on the bed tray? Did I, knock them over when I turned to leave? You know he'd be alive. - His dog would be alive. - I know. You forced us to act, - on a false assumption. - I know. Everything we built from that step on... Every test, every theory, every treatment... I know. Forget the lecturey. And fire me already. If I was gonna fire you. I wouldn't be giving you the lecture. I know you're not gonna let anything, like this ever happen again.