already issued pursuant to the over-allotment option. - When can we close? - It would be subject to regulatory approval in both Toronto and... I didn't say, "how", Oliver. I said, "when". What? You sure this is a direction you want to go, Roy? This would move us from energy service into... - You don't think oil's going up? - Of course it's gonna go up. - The question is when. - It's always when, and if we wait until the deal makes sense to everyone else, we'll be waiting in line behind everyone else. All I'm saying is... The same cover-your-ass crap you always say. We have to wrap this up. I gotta go. - Where? - Upstairs. Get the regulators on it. I wanna close by end of the month. - There are 10 other items. - Which will have to wait. You can't drag us all out of the office, get halfway through, and then just kick us out. Yeah, I can. The antibiotic treatment had no effect. Both the fever and the pain are getting worse, which means it's not Clostridium difficile. But you said that was the only diagnosis that made sense. It was. We need to get him to a hospital. Dad? I don't wanna go. I know, buddy. But we may need to. Am I gonna die? Of course not. How do you know? I just do. And I'm always right, aren't I? I want House. I understand, but I told you Dr. House isn't available. Call him. Tell him I'll have a private jet - pick him up from whatever island... - He isn't on vacation. Dr. Foreman's one of our best doctors. Is House in jail? Foreman is working with two of House's most veteran associates. Rehab? Mr. Randall, your son will be in good hands. My son... has already been in good hands, and he's still dying. I'm through dealing with good. I want the best and everyone I've asked says that's House. So unless he's dead, comatose, or insane, I want him treating my son... today. You could have said no in good conscience. The kid'll still be Foreman's patient, but his dad wants you making the decisions. Then he's not my patient. You want to give me none of the responsibility and all of the liability? Which means I get... Cool. Don't let him do anything crazy. When does he get his license back so we can stop playing this game? Maybe never. This game is fun. You also need to prepare president Dibala's case for this week's morbidity and mortality conference. Unfortunately I'm overdue a mani-pedi appointment. Not you. Foreman's department. Right. He's got all the time in the world. We made the wrong call. He died. There's nothing to present. It obviously garnered a lot of curiosity. And we don't have more important things to do than satisfy everyone's idle curiosity? It's not idle. The question of how we deal with two possible diagnoses whose treatments are contraindicated is worth discussing. Abdominal pain increasing in severity and frequency, fever, dehydration, diarrhea, weight loss. Mom died from kidney failure caused by type one diabetes, - which has been ruled out. - 17 doctors. Everything's been ruled out. Which means we have to re-rule out. Get a new history and physical. Unless that's crazy, boss. You been out of the country or on any recent camping trips? No camping. But we were in Montreal back in January. We went to see the NHL all-star game for my birthday. Awesome. Where's Dr. House? In his office. He's really more of a decider than a doer. He's decided we should start over. Never know what previous doctors may have missed. Like this. Does that hurt when I push there? Not really. What is it? I'm not sure. Just keep it clean, simple. We did a test that called into question our initial diagnosis, so we changed our mind. And if they ask how the test was done? Why would they? It's a routine lab test. Routine lab tests don't involve blood you stole from a corpse to trick me into giving the wrong treatment. Yes, and if you brought that up, it'd certainly make for a lively debate about morality of murdering murderers. Since you burned the evidence... To cover for you, not me. ... you're protected. The decision was a coin flip. There was no right or wrong answer. The body's underground, 8,000 miles away. - Nobody can prove anything. - That room will be filled, not because of the coin flip, not because of the patient, but because House's department screwed up. They're gonna be like sharks in a chum-filled swimming pool and there's no way I'm jumping in unless I'm in a steel cage. So what do you want? I want to know you have everything covered. Got what covered? We're just reviewing the Dibala case. Making sure we didn't miss anything. We didn't. Except the thing that killed him. He's constipated. Physical showed a mass in his abdomen, I repeated the X-ray. Old one was clean. New one shows his colon almost completely impacted. Obstruction would explain the pain. You think they screwed up the old X-ray? Hirschsprung's? A congenital disorder of the nerves in the colon. Very rare in a child your son's age. Most doctors would never think of it. - And you came up with this? - It's House's idea. We need a barium enema and biopsy to confirm. Let me guess. It tastes really bad, but it's gonna make me feel a lot better. Actually, you're not gonna taste it. You should try searching for "Misty May digs for gold". Make sure you put it in quotes. I'm making travel plans. Just need to get away. Have some time to myself. You getting the hint? So that's it? You're done with your little experiment with Foreman? It wasn't an experiment. It was a relationship. You may wanna look the difference. I'm glad you're better, House. I actually liked working for you. - But I'm not coming back. - Good. 'cause if you came back, Foreman would try and save the relationship and he'd give up being the boss. Are you here to try to save my relationship with Foreman? God no. Trying to save my relationship with Foreman. Right now I'm Kobe playing the game I love however the hell I want. Phil Jackson has to listen to everyone else bitch about it. Enjoy Cabo. I'm going to Thailand. Really? Interesting. Good-bye, House. Good-bye, Thirteen. Last week, yesterday, today. I can't believe it. He's pain-free for the first time in months. - He's even hungry. - I'm starving. Still waiting for the biopsy results, but obviously it's a good sign. Take it slow. Don't try to regain all the lost weight in one meal. - What's wrong? - Abdomen feels normal, but it looks bigger. Are you feeling... Jack, you okay? Right eye's fixed. Lateral rectus palsy. He's seizing. Need five milligrams of diazepam. What's happening? Put that and turn off the lights. - I need to see his optic disk. - Heart rate's elevated. - Hold his head. - I'm trying. - Where's House? - You need to step back. His optic disk is swollen. Intracranial hypertension. Furosemide. 20 milligrams I.V. - We could intubate him... - Need five more milligrams of Diazepam. DC the monitors. - Push 500 mg Phenytoin. - We can't push that much. Gotta remove the pressure, his brain could herniate. Oh, my God. 50 mg of Phenytoin. Page Chase. Tell him to meet us in the O.R. We need your consent. - What's happening to him? - Pressure in his skull's too high. If we don't reduce it, it could damage his brain. - But he was talking and smiling. - We need to drill burr holes. Drill into his head? Phenytoin's not working. Paralyze him. 3 milligrams Pancuronium. Then intubate and hyperventilate. - Where's House? - House isn't here. Do we have your consent? Do we have your consent? Ready? One, two, three. Gentlemen, three milligrams Pancuronium. Look the monitors. He's still seizing. We need to do this now. Go. Electrical seizure activity's stopped. Intracranial pressure's declining. Come on. Keep going. Pressure's down to eight. I'll tell the dad. What happened? I have no idea. He hasn't had any more seizures, and cytological examination of the subdural fluid showed no abnormalities. Don't usually see brain damage after a rectal biopsy. He was fine after the procedure. No headaches. No mental status change. - Wasn't anything we did. - It's not just his brain. He's still building up fluid in his abdomen as well as dura. We've inserted shunts to drain it. Gotta be some systemic infection. Not after spending the last week getting pumped full of IV antibiotics. Notice anything odd about the shape of the fluid collection? Oh, God... Virgin Mary. The edge should be tapered, Lens shaped. Unless... the dural layer was already separated from the brain when the fluid started to build up. Get a dural biopsy to confirm brain cancer. Nice catch. Bangkok. Flight 799. That sounds awesome. How long? Not sure yet. Luckily I have a friend who's staying at my place taking care of my dog. He's really big, so he needs a lot of exercise. Remy hadley. H-a-d-l-e-y. What, you think I'm gonna rob the place? No, of course not. In case you haven't noticed, I have a job. Look, I'm sorry. I don't know you. You're either honest or dishonest. - I figured the safer choice is... - Is to treat a stranger like an ass. Nice way to live your life... bitch. I said I'm sorry. I was wondering if there's any business class seats open that I could use my miles to upgrade to. I don't know you, but I assumed I could trust you. Welcomed you in my car. Okay, you're a saint. That's impossible. I confirmed my reservation last night. So rebook it. Well, obviously it was a mistake on your end, not mine. I'm on my way to the airport right now. They didn't believe you, huh? Brain cancer? We should know for sure by the morning. Our luck just keeps getting worse, huh? Treatment options are better every day. There's no visible mass, so even if the biopsy is positive, - we've caught it early. - You're telling me this is good news? I'm saying we will do whatever we can. Right. Sorry. Gotta go, Foreman needs more help with the m and m prep. I'll come up and help after I finish the biopsy. We can handle it. I'll see you at home later. - If you're here, I might as well be. - Go home. Get some rest. 'Cause I'm gonna be waking you up as soon as I get home. Stay out of my life. I know you canceled my reservation. You saw me log in when you were spying on me in the coffee shop. I was talking to you. I was spying on the MILF. - I'm not coming back. - I don't want you back. I cannot work for, with, or around Foreman. Which is why I don't want you back on the team. With you out of the picture, he's better than ever. Which is gonna make me less miserable which is why neither of us gives a damn how, when, or on what island in the Bahamas you wanna get away from it all. The Bahamas? Costa Rica? I told you Thailand. I assumed you were lying, It would have been idiotic of you to tell me truth. Yet another reason I have no use for you. We've got a problem. When Cameron sent Dibala's blood to the lab, she asked for the anticentromere antibodies test. So? The printout they sent you included just the anticentromere antibodies, But the lab also did a full blood panel. So, I'm not an idiot. The cadaver I got the sample from had the same blood type. You apparently didn't check his cholesterol. How far off? 20%. Dibala didn't die of high cholesterol. Why would anyone compare the two reports? The same reason I did. Look for anything we might've screwed up. - We could say the blood analyzer broke. - We can't. Cameron documented it was perfectly calibrated - when she did the test. - Numbers are off. It's weird, who cares? If it comes up, just act surprised like it's some irrelevant curiosity. I can't do this. I can't go in there and stack lie upon lie. You've got to figure out a way to explain this. Missed you this morning. Sorry, I needed to get in early. Didn't wanna wake you. I thought you did. - That's what you said last night. - I'm out of here. I've got the biopsy results. It's not cancer. How can so much be wrong with nothing being wrong? Since when has cancer been considered nothing? I just said it's not cancer. - Cell morphologies were all normal. - And so are the most recent CT scans. On the other hand, andenocarcinoma of the stomach would cause pain, constipation, nutritional deficiencies that could cause seizures. And wouldn't show on a CT. You're right about the cancer, just wrong about the place. Continue to say nothing if you agree. Go scope him. Get another set of biopsies. I'd get canceling her ticket if you then showed up with two more to somewhere better. - What are you talking about? - Or showed up at all. But how does just ruining her plans get her to agree to yours? You talking about Thirteen? - Where's she going? - Nowhere this week, thanks to you. I didn't stop her. I'm not gonna stop her. I've already done all I could. Now all I can do is move on. I think... I actually believe you. If you're telling the truth, you're even more rational than I... Well, not more... Then again, more sane. You're gonna be a good boss, boss. There's nothing wrong. There's obviously something wrong I'm not saying we need to talk about it now. I just don't see why you have to deny it. I'm not. Now you're denying you're denying. No, I'm denying that there's anything to deny. You can't do this, you can't hide things from me. There's a problem with the Dibala M-and-M. The HDL numbers on one of his early blood panels don't match a later panel. That's weird. It's no big deal. Cholesterol didn't have anything to do with his death, but, you know, after being let go from Mercy and then that thing with Thirteen's drug trial, Foreman's paranoid about people questioning how he handled the case. That's ridiculous. If anything, he should feel secured. He had the right diagnosis, we talked him out of it. I know. Don't tell him I told you. He doesn't wanna show any signs of weakness, especially now that House is claiming he wants him to stay in charge. All right. So it's still cancer? Just somewhere else? That's what we're looking for, but it would explain the symptoms and all the normal test and imaging studies. Got biopsies of the mucosa and the submucosa. Moving towards the pylorus. It's my fault. Adenocarcinomas aren't caused by diet or environmental factors. I inherited a $10 million pipeline business when I was 24. By the time I was 30, it was worth over a billion. Since then, I have been involved in over 50 deals that make that first one look like a loser. Everything I do, everything I touch turns to gold. Except my family. First, my wife. And now... my son. This is my fault. It's karma. That's obviously not true. - He's seizing again. - Get the scope out. Need five mg diazepam. - How's the ICP? - It's... eight. But the shunt's open and clear. This isn't intracranial pressure. What the hell is it? Seizures stopped, but he hasn't regained consciousness. No sign of any masses in his stomach or esophageal lining and he's still accumulating subdural and peritoneal fluid. And every time we look to see where it's coming from, - he starts seizing. - You think we're setting this off? Something is. One of his stomach biopsies shows an arteriole partially occluded. With no abnormality in the other layers and no evidence of cellular inflammatory reaction. It's definitely not cancer. - It has to be some sort of infection. - We already ruled out infection. Because he was treated for it and got worse. - Seems like a sound reason. - Unless it's a drug-resistant strain. Drug-resistant strain of what? Bacterial cultures, viral serologies A.N.A. and A.N.C.A. were all negative. Everything is. We obviously missed something. Maybe the seizures aren't a new symptom. - They're an old one. - No doctor noticed a thrashing kid? Abdominal epilepsy. The seizures would look like pain until it spread to his motor cortex. - It wouldn't explain the fevers. - Protein malnutrition can cause fevers And nothing causes malnutrition like excruciating stomach pain that gets worse every time you eat. I'd be a lot more certain if it was my idea. But it's the best we got. Start him on gabapentin. Hook him up to an intracranial EEG for continuous monitoring. - I gave him statins. - What? If they ask about cholesterol, say I prescribed a statin and forgot to fill the chart. You wanna solve a problem in the records by creating another one in the records? It's a problem with my record keeping. There's no way anyone can prove me wrong. How d'you get access to the statins? You gonna get someone in the pharmacy to confess to another record-keeping problem? I saw an open cart, just took it. Why would you steal a drug you could easily ask for? 'Cause I'm trying to get you off the hook. A story that raises more questions than answers only puts the hook deeper down my throat. It's all right, I'll handle it. How? By telling the truth. Truth is I don't have the time, I'm not in the mood and don't see the point. You don't wanna do it because you're not in the mood? This kid is dying and House's trying to push his responsibilities onto me. They're not his responsibilities, they're yours. You wanted to be in charge. Wanted to be in charge, not a figurehead. Then do the M-and-M, it's all yours. You want me to get flogged? For what? So you can have an academic debate about a diagnostic dilemma no one's ever gonna face again? What's going on here? I just don't want to do the M-and-M. - Did it work? - Not even close. Everything okay? Just waiting for whatever is about to go wrong. Thirteen called. She have a theory that makes more sense than abdominal epilepsy? She said someone hacked into her email account and canceled an airline reservation. - I'm guessing Foreman. - Really? You're accusing Foreman, not me? Cool. You really want Foreman to stay in charge of the team? Makes sense. He loves power, I love puzzles. You love power and puzzles. True. When I had them both. It wasn't Foreman. How do you know? He said he's moved on. And you believe him? I believe that he believes it. It's time for me to get off the bench. What's up? Are you Dr. House? I understand you're a big fan. I'll have my guy send over a signed glossy. Continuous EEG shows no interictal spikes. It's not abdominal epilepsy. - You paged me to tell me what it's not? - I paged you to show you this. That I did not expect. What the hell is that supposed to mean? Darn it. I knew I should have stayed outside. Fantasy's always better than reality. You think this is a joke? That's my son. He's dying, and not one of you seem to have the slightest clue why. I know. That's why it's so interesting. Fever, stomach pain, seizures, peritoneal and subdural fluid collection and now spots. Could be an allergic reaction to one of his meds. That suddenly developed 8 hours after we started the meds? If it's not cancer infection, it's autoimmune. Systemic lupus complicated by a CNS vasculitis would explain the rash, fever, ascites... CNS vasculitis would cause a stiff neck along with a headache. And would have showed up on dural biopsy. What about polyarteritis nodosa? It can occur in kids. You can't have arteritis without inflammation. Okay, come up with something better. Go on. There was some inflammation in the skin biopsy. Plus, he's got elevated diastolic pressure. It's barely elevated, which you'd expect given the procedures he's undergone. Well, barely is more than not barely. Not my decision. But if it was, I'd say start him on prednisone and get a testicular biopsy. If he's gonna have inflammation, it'll be there. - Cameron and I will do it. - Why? - It was Chase's idea. - Kid's father is not gonna be happy about a fourth set of biopsies, and you've got a better rapport. What's really going on here? You need Chase to help you over-prep for the M-and-M? Then say so. Don't be a child. Is it on his penis? Kid's rash? Yeah, why? Means it's most likely affecting the small blood vessels. That's why we didn't see any inflammation on the biopsies. It's not polyarteritis. It's Degos disease. I'll do it. Your son has Degos disease. Causes microblood vessels In the brain, skin, GI tract, to break down, clot off. It sometimes manifests early on with atrophic papules on the penis. In your son's case, we don't know why, they came much later. What's the treatment? There isn't one. It's incurable. You're wrong. Already been wrong a bunch of times. We've rechecked the biopsies. It's definitely Degos. I'm sorry. I wish there was something we could do. How long? Not much longer. What does that mean? Day at the most. All right, great. We need to talk. Unless it's life or death, gonna've to wait. It's about Dibala. Let me rephrase. Unless it's a current life... Foreman can't present the case at the M and M. You are busy, but he's just gonna have to suck it up and make the time. - It's not the time. - Then what is it? The anticentromere antibodies test. The test that caused us to change the treatment from blastomycosis to scleroderma... It wasn't... Wasn't what? They need you in the pediatric ICU. - Who's they? - I don't know. But I think they're lawyers. If you guys screwed something up, just come clean. It's not gonna be that bad. With all due respect, you don't know what's at stake. - What's going on? - You need to stop him! - He's about to ruin his life. - Like you give a damn. Roy, he's right. You're borrowing money to buy options already out of the money. Even you won't be able to cover the losses. Your house, cars, bank accounts. You'll lose everything. That's the point. The billionaire thinks that the gods will treat him better if he's broke. I suggested he give it to me. There's got to be some sort of balance. You can't have all the good fortune in just one area of your life. It's not how the world is supposed to work. - Who said that? - Don't just wipe everything out. Put your assets in a trust. - Give to charity. - Can't get it back. - He's insane. - He's irrational. So are most people. It doesn't make him insane. If he signs that paper, he's not only gonna destroy his own life, but the lives of thousands of people who rely on this to make a living. If he is insane, we will sue this hospital... Mr. Randall... I know you're upset. You shouldn't make a decision like this right now. Give it some time. My son doesn't have any time. Your son's dying from an incurable disease, not bad karma. He's not dying. It's not gonna happen. I'm not gonna let it. Please! I'm sorry. I can't let him die. People don't get what they deserve. They just get what they get. There's nothing any of us can do about it. Deliver it or I'll make sure you end up the ones with nothing. Call a code. He's flatlining. Thanks. You're welcome. For what? For thinking I was worth breaking the law to keep around. That's just the way I am, but still don't know what you're talking about. Cuddy had I.T. trace all the I.P. addresses who've logged in to my email account. There were two. Mine and yours. Obviously House decided he needs you more than he's... I already asked House. - And he'd certainly never lie. - No, he'd lie. Except he wants me gone. And he'd do a lot better job of lying than you just did. Really? It was that bad? No, actually. But it doesn't matter anymore. Why? Because of House... or Foreman? You're good for both of them, but Foreman's not my best friend. House will be fine. Maybe. But with you on the team, he'd be better. He needs someone... who doesn't need him. You're the only one he's never really been able to suck into his crazy House vortex. Keeps him grounded. His ego in check. Why didn't you just come to me? I figured you'd only stay if House asked and I knew he would... eventually. Bye, Wilson. This is a great job. Maybe even better now that House is at least trying to have real relationships with people. I said, "trying". - It doesn't matter. - The job you love doesn't matter? Don't throw it all away just because of a bad break-up. Bye, Wilson. I just confessed. I told Thirteen I canceled the plane ticket. Why? You mean why did I confess or why did I do it? I know you didn't do it, so I guess the first. You want her to stay because you want her back or because Foreman does? Why would I care what Foreman wants? Cause you're not as big a jerk as everyone thinks. - Yes, I am. - No, you're not. I just made a $10,000 short sale on a stock I know is gonna crash because of what I saw a grief-stricken dad do on his son's deathbed. - No, you didn't. - Yes, I did. You are a jerk. She's making a mistake. - So you did it for her? - She's a good doctor. So you did it for you? I'm not the one in charge anymore. So you did it for Foreman? She's a smoking hot, newly single bisexual. Why don't you just admit that you like having her around? She's good for you. You need her. Because I was born with a heart three sizes too small. - No, you weren't. - Yes, I... What? He's still alive? Good. Start him on heparin and IV immunoglobulin. - For Degos? - Cardiac arrest wasn't just a "everything goes to hell in a handbasket" arrest. It was a coronary event. Coronaries are large vessels. Mean's it can't be Degos. - But the biopsies confirmed... - Obstructed blood vessels. They can't be obstructed because of Degos. Means it's primary antiphospholipid syndrome. You sure? Nope. But I will be if he responds to the heparin and the immunoglobulin. By the way, someone screwed over your girlfriend and she ran to me, Cuddy, and Wilson. Everyone but you. She's not over you. Or she is. Where'd you find it? Find what? The niacin-bound chromium supplements. It was on top of the file. You don't know about it? No. Been here all night. One of Dibala's previous docs was prescribing ultra high doses of niacin-bound chromium to boost his HDL. So? So it gives us something to point to. We can explain the wide variation between the HDL numbers. We're safe. We're covered. You really didn't request the info? And obviously you didn't either. Which means... BIGGER THEY ARE, HARDER THEY FALL: CEO BANKRUPS HIMSELF IN A DAY It worked. The medicine worked. It worked. How'd you find it? Fat old black guy. Knew he had to be taking something for his cholesterol. And what now? I'm not the boss. You don't think I should be fired? Why? I doubt we'll ever be treating a genocidal dictator again. Better a murder than a misdiagnosis. Whether you wanna be in charge or not... You are... and you always will be. 75-year-old african man presented to our hospital following a rapid onset of hemoptysis.</i>