What was that? What are we chasing? Go that way. Nowhere to go. Give it up. Come on, this way. Let's go, let's go. Up, Donny. He's going for the roof. He's going up, go. Damn it. Just go, go! It's too far! .:: La Fabrique ::. R[H]ésus AB+ Team Synchro: Benj, ShalimarFox, Arrow I can rest at home. We can't release you for at least two days. You have two broken bones, a severe concussion, Collapsed lung. But you didn't find anything life-threatening. You fell 30 feet. You should have died. - That was the point. - Shut up. - You have suicidal thoughts? - Not once. Never. He doesn't want to kill himself. He thinks he's gonna die soon, so it doesn't matter... Now you shut up. I'm the one you're not covering when you pull your crazy stunts. - Why do you think that? - My dad, grandfather, and great-grandfather dropped dead of heart problems right after they turned 40. Look who turns 40 next week. - I can refer you to a cardiologist... - I've been there, all of them. I spent my early 30s going from one doctor to another. All says my heart's fine. - They're wrong? - I know it. But what can I do? At a certain point, you got to live your life. By live your life, you mean risk your life. If there is something wrong, I know a doctor who will find it. Oh, God! I'll be back in ten. I'm picking lint out of my belly button. This is ridiculous. I'm converting the study into a bedroom. Six weeks. Longer than I thought it would take... for you to notice that I'm sleeping in your living room, - and offer other options. - I didn't expect you this long. True, but that's not why you didn't extend the invitation. Do you really need to deconstruct this? You didn't want me to sleep where you and Amber slept. - You do. - After she died, you converted the study to a bedroom and the bedroom to a study... Except it's not a study, it's a shrine. Can I tell you something? I wasn't picking lint out of my belly button. I am not ready to transition from my dead girlfriend's shrine to your... morning glory. I'll have a mattress delivered for you in the tabernacle. I just need it Tuesdays for animal sacrifices. Oh, man! Patient's a genetic time bomb. There's no fuse. He's not a bomb. Right now he's not a patient either. We ignore three generations of cardiac problems? I'm not ignoring it. I'm labeling it a coincidence. You hate coincidence. We reconciled. It was a whole thing. Big country. It's probable that someone has 3 generations that died around 40 with nongenetic heart issues. - Dice have no memory. - Genes do. If we ran tests on every nonsymptomatic statistical anomaly... The guy goes every day assuming his life will end at age 40. Never got married, no kids, because he didn't want to die on them like his dad died on him. You want to take this case 'cause he's yet another lonely, sad puppy. - You should have been a vet. - It's a legitimate case. Differential diagnosis for genetic heart conditions. That sold you? - Marfan syndrome, brugada. - And you? Emilio hypercholesterolemia. He's agreeing with you 'cause he wants to have sex. And by the way, I agree with you too, especially in those pants. We're not wasting our time. And last week, Chase said that I was the <i>de facto</i> boss. Hospitals don't recognize de facto medical licenses. Let's start with genetic tests. Get an EKG, cardiac cath... And an echo to check the integrity of his heart. I'll start on blood samples. - I forgot my watch. - Could have sworn I saw you put it. Must be in the locker room. I'll be right back. - I need to knowyour plans. - First we take Berlin. And then we circle around behind Poland and yell, "surprise!" With regards to your employment. I like things the way they are. I get just enough puzzle to solve without the scornful visits from you... until now. Pretend time's been going on long enough. I don't have a license. All I can do is pretend. And I'm gonna have payroll send you over some pretend checks starting tomorrow. You need to complete 120 hours of rounds to re-qualify. I don't. I'm not saying you don't win. I'm just saying do you really need to punish me by making me carry a clipboard for your lackey of the week? It's a state requirement. I must certify that you've completed... Exactly. The requirement sets out what you have to do... Certify, which you can do with one hand tied behind your back. If you want to tie my hands... Dr. Singh supervises rounds on Thursdays, starts at 7:00. Nothing. So what now? - Send him home. - To continue believing he's gonna die? When he turns 70, he'll believe us. There are other things we can check. Skeleton of great-Grandfather's in decent shape. Subsurface genetic material from grandpa's fine, leaving one bowl of purified dad. You do the dad. I take it he had a sealed casket. The watch story was crap, right? I forgot it. It's no big deal. You were avoiding the ICU where Dibala died. I'll sequence the gene for the cardiac sodium channel. I felt like I was gonna have a panic attack. I've crossed some line... And I'm having trouble getting back to the other side. I can move the patient to another room. - Cameron will ask questions. - You should tell her. She's your wife. How'd you get a court order to dig them up so fast? We just needed the guy's consent. - Anything? - Not yet. But you're just in time to do the dad. - Doctor House? - He'll be back in the morning. I read in the paper you're treating a police officer. - Donny Compson? - 2nd floor. A nurse will help you. I don't want to see him. Donny and I used to go out a long time ago. We doesn't want to see each other. So did you come to see me for personal advice? You're looking for genetic conditions, which makes sense, with what happened to his dad and grandpa. Unless you were his girlfriend and his sister, - you got nothing to worry about. - Not about me. Donny doesn't know this, but he has a son. Dial extension 742. Tell Dr. Foreman you got some cool information. Good night. You okay? Yeah, fine. Couldn't find any consistent genetic mutations across 15 areas between Donny's ancestors, - possibly indicating there isn't one. - But the son gives us a new data point. And undegraded DNA. - He didn't want kids. - Yes. - Where's House? - "Dear bleeding hearts, "Since your patient's med history is a coincidence, "And he isn't... "sick, I've gone back to school. - "Back in 120 hours." - Charming. I'll get a blood sample. If we're looking for something as subtle as a mutation, It makes sense to get the DNA the most pure. You'll ask her to consent to a bone marrow biopsy? She wants to know just as badly as we do. Right. Spike a ten-year-old's hip because grandpa was sick. If she's right... We save two people. I don't want to. Can we speak outside? You need to tell him. I can't. His father is down that hallway through those double doors. I've been lying to him his whole life. What's he gonna think of me? You're trying to protect him. Donny never wanted kids. - He certainly doesn't want to meet him. - If Donny does die, this could be Michael's only chance to meet his father. After administration of immunoglobulin, patient had no further pain, and overnight liver function tests are now normal. Patient's ready to be released. - Stats are dropping. - Dr. Singh? She's choking. - On your fingers. - She can't breathe. Please take your finger off the test button. I see. Sorry about that. - I could've slit her throat. - We're all here to learn. - Dr. Cuddy warned me. - She tell you how to stop me? Look, I'm asking you as an adult to please stop. That obviously didn't come from her. But fair enough. Excellent presentation, Nona. Now I've done it. There's urine everywhere! Gosh. The great thing about the teacher-student relationship is the teacher can often learn more from the student. Have you learned anything yet? You have a son. I was pregnant when we broke up. I'm sorry I never told you, but I knew how you felt about kids. You had no right. Maybe. It's a little late for that. He's here. - He wants to meet you. - I don't want. I've never asked you for a dime. He's here to help find whatever's wrong with your heart. I didn't ask him. - I didn't want him. - Just say hi to him. I'm Michael. I'm your... Yeah, your mother told me. When you get better, maybe we could do something. See a movie? My dad died when I was your age. It was the most painful thing I ever went through. Trust me, as much as I'm sure this hurts right now, It's better. Please take him out of here. Chromosomes for 28 cardiovascular conditions are normally numbered in structure. No translocations, deletions, or inversions. I didn't notice that the kid's D-A-D-D-Y chromosome has been severely damaged by someone's bleeding heart chromosome. It was the only way to do the biopsy. There are plenty of lies that would've worked just as well, - Without the therapy. - Don't you have school? Recess. Where does that leave us? Sorry. What? I was saying, "do you think these shoes work in this color?" - Send him home. - He won't think he's healthy. You're not very good at your job. - You don't deserve candy. - He's been preparing his whole life to die at 40. Dozens of doctors told him he's fine. - You think you can change his thinking? - I do. Chase, walk with me. Great contributions back there. There's no case. I had nothing to add. You had nothing to add because you were distracted. A little devil on your shoulder told you to kill a guy, and the little angel won't shut up, telling you you're gonna burn in a lake of fire. - I'm fine. - You shouldn't be. Talk to someone. Docs fixed me up in seven weeks. You're ten minutes, tops. Thanks. Glad we had this little moment. Come on. I'm Dr. House. - You couldn't find anything, could you? - You have Ortoli syndrome. Dr. Chase? - You sure? - Tests don't lie. It's a very rare disorder that short-circuits the adrenals, which short-circuits the heart. Who cares about medical Mumbo Jumbo? Tell him the treatment. It's... It's complicated. Doctors always make everything sound complicated. It's Nabasynth. - What? - Nabasynth. So all we have to do now is write a prescription and have him pick up the pills. That's it? I take some pills, and I'll be okay? The real tragedy here is that the Tiburon swab technology didn't exist to detect Ortoli back in your dad's day. He could've lived. Thank you. If you sign these discharge papers, I'll get you a bottle of meds. Take one twice a day for a week, you'll live a long, healthy life. Answer the door, House, it's got to be for you. - Are you watching TV? - It's the door! Were you on the phone? Were you talking? No, I'm alone. You okay? Why are you here? Donny collapsed four hours after we discharged him. He's dead. His apartment manager found him in the laundry room. Said he wasn't breathing. He called the EMTs but it was too late. I sent the guy home with mints. Whatever it is, we all missed it. I missed the fact that there was something to miss. What is wrong with me? You had good reason. Patient presented with no symptoms, and all his tests came back negative. What's the official COD? Autopsy hasn't been performed yet. EMTs brought him to General but I requested they ship him back to our morgue for the postmortem. Good. Hon. Wake up. Why are you dressed? You can't sleep? I want to go tell Cheryl that Donny died. - It's 4:00 in the morning. - They're nearly two hours away. By the time I get there, she'll be awake. Come back to bed. Call her in a few hours. It's the sort of thing she needs to hear face-to-face. Is everything okay? Everything's fine. Why? Last week, I understood that you were stressed out about the Dibala m and m, and I gave you your space. But that's over now, and you're still acting... I'm worried about you. Don't be. I'm fine. Really. You'd tell me if you weren't? Promise? I love you. I love you too. Donny Compson. Age 39. Can we cut to the money shot? It's his heart, so let's look at his heart. Nice Y-incision. You can't perform an autopsy without a license. Really? There's anything I could screw up that we haven't already screwed up. Opening postmortem incision, beginning at the midline of the sternum. That's odd. It almost looks like he's bleeding. I think the autopsy is gonna wait a little bit. He was briefly conscious, his systolic dipped below 60, and he was out. Differential diagnosis for resurrection. - Go. - He wasn't dead. His heart slowed enough that the EMTs... The fact that he's not dead means we did nothing wrong. There's several documented cases where tetrodotoxin ingestion - caused apparent death. - It's something he already had. And his dad, and his grandpa. Extreme bradycardia could be caused by sick sinus syndrome. - Sinoatrial block. - What if it's not his heart? Let's work from the tenuous assumption that we're not idiots who've spent days examining a heart up, down, sideways, declaring it healthy a few hours before it basically shut down. So we need to think about causes in places you didn't look. Could be metabolic. You okay? What about a genetic predisposition to an autoimmune disease? Isolated anti-ro antibody could cause complete heart block. Could also be passed through four generations. Autoimmune it is. Start him on steroids. How you feeling? My head is killing me. You just came through a severe trauma. What do you remember? I was changing my laundry over to the dryer. That's it? You were declared dead. You made it all the way to autopsy. My jaw aches. And obviously I don't have Ortoli syndrome. It's hard to get too excited about coming back from the dead when anything I do, anything you give me, it all ends the same way. Outer and middle ear respond well. Hearing thresholds are normal. - Eardrum is perfectly healthy. - What if I... If I sometimes hear whispering? Then you're probably hearing someone whispering. I had some dental work done in the Philippines when I was a kid. Adjoining metal fillings could corrode and pick up AM radio signals. Open your mouth. Your fillings don't touch. There's no reason for me to be hearing things. You're hearing sounds as you should. If you're hearing sounds you shouldn't, that would be psychosis. Talk to someone who does brain. I only do ears. Bravo! It's amazing how you did 120 hours in one day. I wasn't on my best behavior, I admit. Allow me. I'm gonna supervise your practicum requirement. - That won't be necessary. - Wanna annoy another doctor? - Eventually... - It's not necessary, because I'm not ready to be a doctor again. I'm sorry. - Are you sleeping out here? - Just dozed off in front of the TV. - With bedding? - Maybe! I can't sleep in there. The heater's screwed up. If you need to talk, if you need more help... I'm just tired. I'm right here. Great. Can you be right here somewhere else? My jaw still hurts. My tooth, actually, a lot. Sorry, you're maxed out on your pain meds. Try to sleep. Dentist looked at the tooth the guy pulled out. There was nothing wrong. So aside from him being an idiot, what else have we learned? The pain is real. It's coming from somewhere. What about bone cancer? You can't connect bone cancer to the heart. House figure this can wait till the morning? He told Cuddy he's not ready to work. He quit? - Apparently. - It's a power play. He'll be back tomorrow. Bone cancer could trigger a paraneoplastic syndrome, - which shuts down the heart. - Primary bone cancer isn't hereditary. Li-Fraumeni syndrome. It's hereditary and increases risk of having bone cancer. - You have another theory? - My theory is it's not bone cancer. Gamma survey would locate the tumors. I had pea soup today. You'd love my breath right now. I didn't get a chance to run tonight, House... is having issues. I missed you a lot today. All I want to do is... You know. No cancers on the lateral cuneiform bone. Navicular's also clean. Chase is lying to me. And I know you know. - Tell me what's going on. - I'm gonna tell you what I told him... Talk to your spouse. No breakfast? Not today. I'm hallucinating. What happened? It's nothing visual this time. I hear whispering. Is that why you've been acting so weird? - Why you quit? - I'm losing it. There's a rational explanation. - The wind? A neighbor's TV? - I checked everything. What's scary is that I hear whispering while not on vicodin. I'm gonna check myself back into Mayfield. You don't think there might be a logical explanation? - Something I missed? - You're the smartest guy I know. If you haven't thought of it, it doesn't exist. I'll drive you over. I just need to make some tea first. You know. That you're an ass? You overheard me talking to my dead girlfriend and thought to yourself, "What kind of fun can I have with this?" Why are you talking to her? You run out of living people? - You can talk to me. I'm right here. - I miss her. Talking to her makes me feel better. You don't. Patient Lauren Maybaum, 27, presented two days ago with severe abdominal pain. Sorry I'm late. - Yesterday you said you weren't ready. - I wasn't. - Today I am. - And tomorrow is it possible to get a five-day forecast? I'm feeling much better. Thank you for not asking. Either you did have a problem... which I can't ignore. Or you were jerking me around, which I can't ignore. You are a woman. You can do anything. For example, I can talk to you outside. Are you sure you're only one woman? This is the part where you play the employee, and I play the boss. I can see your nipples. Your turn. No wonder she hates him. That's not hate. It's foreplay. Gamma survey revealed no tumors. So it's not bone cancer. Where's Chase? Don't know. Two mysteries, cool. Theories? Did I come in too soon? Okay, I'm gonna take another lap. And I want three new ideas by the time I come back. One of them's got to be not stupid. Where there's pain... there's nerves. Hereditary sensory autonomic neuropathy, type one. Miscommunication in the brain stem mistakes nerve pain for tooth pain. - It would explain the bradycardia. - And I like the word "hereditary". Carbamazepine fixes him. I'll get him started on the medication. Chase specifically asked if he could do it. Sleep at home. So I didn't do the gamma survey. Is it bone cancer? Congratulate me for not wasting your time. Are you getting some help? Or is this the way things are gonna be from now on? What's pathetic is you haven't gotten help because you want to feel bad. You want to suffer, 'cause if you feel guilty, then you're not a psychopath. Patient needs some Carbamazepine. Now, I don't care how much that room scares you, you're doing your job. How long before you cross this one off the list? A couple of hours. You ever shoot anyone? Twice. You ever kill anyone? I know a few guys who did, though. Did they ever get over it? A captain I know compares it to taking out the trash, like it's nothing. Other hand, I got an ex-partner who nearly drank himself into oblivion. Did he get help? Help didn't help. God! What is it? I went to the bathroom. Patient's lost bowel control. Means we were wrong about h-san, and it means he's getting worse fast. Wouldn't want to be the duty nurse assigned to his floor. Get it? "Doody" nurse? Fine. Do the doctor thing. - An autoimmune disorder could... - We put him on steroids. - He didn't respond. It's not that. - Could be Wilson's disease. That would've hit the liver. It is possible the liver's so far gone, the labs look normal. It's worth a shot. Go treat with Penicillamine. When he doesn't get better, come back quickly, so we can get one more shot at it. Bless me, father, for I have sinned. Take your time. How long has it been since your last confession? I killed a man. But it was the right thing to do. Who lives or dies is not your decision to make. Sometimes in the operating room it feels like it. I'm a doctor. Then you should know more than anybody that every human life is sacred. Why? Tell me what's sacred about a dictator that kills hundreds of thousands of his own people. What is sacred about a doctor who kills a patient? Is it the slippery slope you're worried about? Afraid that forgiving me for killing the worst person on Earth sets a bad precedent? I promise... I won't tell anyone. Just forgive me. Saying ten hail Mary isn't gonna do you any good. Then what do I have to do? What does God need me to do? You can't have absolution without first taking responsibility. You have to turn yourself into the police. What... And go to jail for the rest of my life? What's just about that? I did the right thing. There has to be another way. You want absolution, I've told you how to get it. Send this into the state licensing board. I've signed off on all your hours. - Why? - Because it's easier this way. You're uncomfortable. Going by the book was pointless. You were gonna learn nothing. Good, I thought it was because of the sexual tension. - There was no sexual tension. - There was. And... it made me feel funny, so... Here. That's too bad. I was kind of getting into the whole hot-for-teacher thing. You sure you're okay? Yeah. False alarm. What about us? We're good... just like this. You press my buttons, I press yours. You mean... You do make me feel funny. You're not gonna die. I've accepted it. It's okay. In addition to high arches and some crystal bowl in the shape of a tuna, you also inherited a self-destruct button. It forms in the brain stem. Technically, it's an aneurysm. Presses on the nerves, that control everything from tooth pain to heart rate. As you get older, it gets bigger, until finally... the button which I'll call intracranial berry aneurysm, 'cause I had a friend in high school with that name... stops the signal from your brain to your heart. And bam! How do I know you're not still lying? Saying I'm healthy to make me feel better? It does sound that way, doesn't it? But this time, no sugar pills. I'm gonna cut into your brain to make you think that I'm fixing it. And if our fake tests confirm it, I'm gonna be cutting into your son's brain too, 'cause I'm just that committed. Michael's gonna be okay? Unless he walks out of here and gets run over by a bus, in which case, I will reconsider your fate argument. You want to give him a call? Visiting hours don't apply to my patients. In a bit. That's what I thought. The "saving the kid from pain" stuff was crap. You don't want anything in your life that won't let you do whatever whenever the hell you want to do it. You've had it easy. Sorry to screw you up. Maybe when we get out of here... What kind of movies you like? He's been missing for eight hours. Robert Chase. Never mind, he walked in, sorry. You could've called me. - I forgot. - To call me? It's 2:00 in the morning. Where were you? You're drunk. All right, I... I needed to get wasted. I did. And now I'm better. - What aren't you telling me? - Nothing. Hi, Dad. Like I've been... focusing on the wrong thing... on the worst of good times.