That's Miss Cindy, Zeke's new aide. What happened to his old aide? She got married. So, first, you want to rub the glue on the paper in any shapes you like. Why do people get married? Because they love each other. Why aren't you married? I haven't found the person I love yet, because I spend all of my time loving you. Does that mean we can get married? Well, love comes in many types, and there's lots of it to go around. My snow is ruined. It's not ruined. Oh, it's pretty. See, look, I like the green. Who ever heard of green snow? It's magical. Come here. We'll get you cleaned up, okay? It's okay. Are you okay? House - Season 05 Episode 13 "Big Baby" Synchro: ShalimarFox, IceFreak You gonna pay for that? Nice of you to offer. Now I can actually get some cream cheese. 29-year-old teacher, she works with special needs children. - She... - Love what you're wearing. Brings out the blue of the case file, which means it's not from the E.R. - So why are you here? - Because Dr. Cuddy is not here. She's decided to spend some more time at home with the baby for a while. I'm taking over some of her day-to-day responsibilities, like... babysitting you. Interesting. You have your whole life ahead of you. So why would Cuddy want you to die so young? She figured I'd spent 3 years working for you. I was inoculated. Good. Fun. You get to exercise your newfound power. I squirm under your thumb, resent the student becoming the teacher, and push comes to shove, and we all get to realize what our real roles should be. Then you put out. That's why I took the job. 29-year-old Special Ed. teacher coughs up blood all over Corky. No dyspnea, no weight loss. Why are you smirking? Never thought I'd see the day you were taking orders from Cameron. She's in charge? - When did that happen? - You're gonna destroy her? I am going to do my job. If that involves leaving her a rotting pulp... Cameron's gonna mark her territory. She'll probably overcompensate and destroy you. - Bleeding ulcer. - Scope of the stomach and lungs were clean, she continues to spit up blood from both her stomach and lungs. Means it's probably something wrong with the blood itself. Leukemia, Von Willebrand's. Thoracic tumor is a better fit. Erodes into her airway and esophagus... Will you two stop it already? Stop what? - Disagreeing. Okay, which one of us shouldn't have an opinion? It's not an opinion. It's a smoke screen. Toss out a lame idea, instead of agreeing with Foreman's better idea because you're worried that'll confirm that he's boldly gone where no man has gone before. - You slept with Foreman? - Sorry. You were busy. Drop it, House. We're seeing each other, end of discussion. - Anything else isn't relevant. - It's extremely relevant. Apparently, it colors everything. Now I have no idea if you have differing opinions because you have differing opinions or you're trying to prove that you can think for yourselves. How about you just judge our ideas on their own merit? Oh, you don't want me to do that. Go run a bleeding-time test, confirm our patient's blood is screwy. Then you can come back and pretend to disagree about why. Time Zero. I'm impressed. You didn't even flinch. I just went to my happy place. We cannot let House anywhere near this woman. - Where is your happy place? - My class, with them. - Passed the first mark. - It's a great thing you do. Not really. Most kids, typical children, you hand them a pair of scissors, and they cut. Well, Tony, he's got C.P., and when I gave him the scissors, we... went on a journey together, learning to get his fingers in those holes, to hold the scissors apart, to hold the paper. I mean, when he finally learned to cut, we both just... wept with joy. If you ever meet our boss, just yes or no answers, okay? It's not slowing up. No sign of clotting. So there is something wrong with my blood? Don't worry, we'll run some lab tests - to find out which clotting factor... - I'm not worried. Must be one hell of a happy place. She's beautiful. I know. I'm lucky. Absolutely. What's she like? She's eight weeks old. Are you asking me about her politics or her sense of humor? My cousin had a kid. They acted like they knew the thing from the time it was two minutes old. I just, I just thought... She cries, she eats, and she poops. What's wrong? I don't feel anything. You're tired. I'm not sleep deprived. She sleeps fine. I'm obviously not hormonal. I know I'm supposed to feel amazement. I'm supposed to love her. I just... I don't feel anything at all. Sorry. Maybe I am just tired. Thank you for stopping by. I'm okay. If you're... I am feeding her, I'm changing her, and I'm burping her. I'm doing everything I'm supposed to do. She will be okay. Please go back to work. It is the blood, but the clotting proteins aren't the problem. It's her platelets, looked like they had bite marks in them. So now you're agreeing? Either you folded because I gave you crap, or you broke up... We disagree, you blame our relationship. We agree, you blame our relationship. - Don't you see a problem? - Yes. - Don't you? - Could be lymphoma. - Not with normal LDH. - I.T.P. fits. - We should start her on methotrexate. - Absolutely, and total body irradiation. Because she failed a bleeding-time test? TBI will promote cancers, kill her digestive tract. Don't forget... stop her from bleeding into her brain. It's premature, reckless, and potentially lethal. True. Must be somebody's job to stop me from being reckless and irresponsible. Nobody can stop me from being premature. Got a patient with I.T.P. Need to hit her with radiation. I'm gonna have to call you back. - Methotrexate. - Good point. On the other hand, if she bleeds in her brain, she's gonna need a Special Ed. class of her own. Fine. - Really? - Yeah, if you think it's right, do it. Some people thought you were gonna be brutal, marking your territory. - Who? - Nobody. Just because I call him nobody doesn't make me a racist. I'm not gonna play games. If you come to me with a request and it makes medical sense, I'll say yes. I need oral sex. I'm pretty sure biological imperative qualifies as medical sense. Can I return my phone call now? I don't really see how that's gonna be possible. Patient won't respond to methotrexate. - Bleeding time hasn't improved. - You have a medical dilemma for me. I have one for you. I need a reason to not do total body irradiation. Other than that Cameron said you can't. - She said I can. - Then why don't we just do it? Because it's premature, reckless, and potentially lethal. Then why don't we just don't do it? Because that would let Cameron in on the fact that I never intended to do it. This is gonna be convoluted, isn't it? I figured I'd ask for something really crazy, she'd shoot me down and get the whole "I can control House" thing out of her perky little system. The next time I went back And asked for something marginally crazy, it would seem marginally reasonable, and she'd say yes. So, yeah, slightly convoluted. You're screwed. Unless we irradiate her... without the radiation. We book the nuclear lab. We fill out the paperwork. We bring the patient down there. We do everything but flip the switch. Go. Do. Don't flip. And is there anything we should be doing, you know, to actually help the patient? Trust me. In the long term, this'll help all our patients. In the short term, double the dose of methotrexate and add prednisone. Cameron's got the keys to the castle. This trial I'm running, the drug really seems to be working. She's kind of liking the power. I think I'm kind of liking her liking it. I'm not sure what I'm gonna do about Thirteen. She's sort of dressing like Cuddy. She's on the placebo. - You can't possibly know that. - Accidents happen. I found out. You cannot tell her. Tell her, you'd be compromising the trial. She knows she had a 50/50 chance of not being on the drug. If you feel like you're lying to her, too bad. I don't want to tell her. I want to put her on the real drug. And you want me to tell you that that's okay? Her trial results are already compromised, just from the fact that I know. She's wasting her time, Why not give her something that might actually help her? Valid point, except for the fact that it's a load of crap. Don't be an idiot. So how long until we start the procedure? We already started. Told you you wouldn't feel a thing. You should lie back. Just stay real still. I'm afraid there is someone sitting next to you. God, God, God! I have to pee. Can we, like, call a timeout for a minute, let me go to the bathroom? Yeah, sure. We'll just start up again when you're done. Thanks. Sorry. I... I didn't realize I had to go. No problem. No pulse. Get the paddles. Clear! Got a pulse. It's not I.T.P. No structural defectsnin her heart. What about a calcified valve or a patent foramen ovale? Transthoracic echo and bubble studies show nothing. Her heart's clean. The patient said she had to go pee. Maybe when she got up, she started to urinate. Increased the vagal tone, caused arrhythmia, and stopped her heart. Who has to go pee in the middle of a nuclear procedure? - It wasn't really a nuclear procedure. - She didn't know that. People don't die from peeing. Heavy metal, toxin. - Drugs or alcohol. - Or her own body is making a toxin. Cold agglutinins, abnormal protein gets activated by cold temperatures. Like the classroom with the broken heater and the cold metal table. Oh, for God's sake, get a room. Immerse her in an ice bath. The cold will activate her cold agglutinins. - Causing her heart to race. - Confirming our diagnosis. And giving her another heart attack. Lucky for me, there's a flaxen-haired maiden who loves to say yes. How could you approve total body irradiation - for a patient with possible I.T.P.? - It was the right call. - There is no medical justification... - Not medically, no. Absolutely no medical rationalization. I had to say yes because House wanted me to say no. - You think he was bluffing. - I'm the new kid. He had to test me. Don't get cute. Don't engage him. Do not play his games, because you will lose. You hired me to do this job. Let me do it. Oh, I'm sorry. Looks like you guys are in the middle of a conversation. I can wait till Cuddy leaves. You are gonna leave soon, aren't you? I mean, the nurses have got your baby out there. Not that they're gonna kidnap it or anything, but I figured that the new mother brings the baby to work because she wants to listen to all the cooing. If you're gonna wait, you can wait outside. Unless the new mother brings the baby to work because she wants to dump the baby, because she hates the baby and thinks she made a big mistake. Can't trust that Wilson guy with anything. - Are you... - It's not a big deal. - I was having a bad day. - Is Wilson gonna be in trouble? For betraying my trust in a vulnerable time? No. - Why would that bother me? - He was worried, made a bad choice. It's not a big deal. I know it seems like crap. You probably feel like crap, but it's not. Legally, you haven't adopted her yet. There's no obligations, no strings. It can be undone tomorrow. Emotionally, you'll feel guilty for a while, but the kid... she won't even know you existed. You saying I should give her back? Much better than having a mother who doesn't give a crap. Thanks. I'm just gonna go drop it off at the pound. What did you want? We got a green light. Go draw the patient's blood. Why? To see if it clumps in the cold. She's making you confirm your theory before you treat? She approved the bath. Just thought we ought to do a test to confirm. That's more of a yellow light, isn't it? So she let's you nuke the patient, no problem, but makes you jump through hoops to give her a bath? Why would she do that? I think she was playing you. Go draw the blood. Didn't realize the nurses allowed any visitors in here. They don't. We'll just do these problems, And then you have to go, okay? I need to draw some blood. I had a crush on my teacher in fourth grade... and fifth. It's more that. Johnny was a nonverbal autistic. Then for Sarah, he talks, makes eye contact. He's like a regular kid. Since she got sick, he started going back away from us. I had to bring him in for a visit. I'll tell you what, I'll close the blinds so the nurses don't ask questions. You can stay as long as you want. We should have the results in about an hour. I'll be here. Good job. One minute at 39 degrees. Oh, damn, sorry. You all right? Don't be paranoid. I feel great. Didn't expect the meds to work this quickly. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. You might not even be on the real drug. Several patients have shown improvement. I know my test results have been better. I know I have more energy. You ever hear the term placebo effect? I guess I do have a few reasons to feel good, but... Let's not get ahead of ourselves. You're good, but not "curing Huntington's" good. Good. It's clumped. House was right. Ice bath's on. Got a sec? Don't be an idiot. I know it's hard, but you need to stay in there for three minutes. It's OK. You come to procedures now? Only the ones that might involve stopping the patient's heart. Cameron tell you to be here? Shut up. Tell me about Jonathan. How'd you get him to come out of hiding? He was extremely sensitive to touch, yet he had a-a tactile fascination with newspaper. I mean, he wouldn't read it, he would just touch it, crinkle it. I thought maybe that was a way in, Papier mache and... And it was. He let me into his world. Please tell her that talking will ruin the test. All the kids, I try to... to become a part of them, and then have them become a part of me. How much longer till the heart attack? I wanted to be a doctor from the time I was eight years old. Never wanted to be a pediatrician, though. Now they're both talking. Well, I wanted to be a sociologist. I was supposed to observe a class. I was sent to room 2... but I went to room 241 instead. It was a Special Ed. class, and I just... I just felt at home. Time. Heart rate's normal. You can get out now. It's not cold agglutinins. I'm not surprised. She obviously has brain damage. Seriously. She screwed up a room number six years ago, and you decide she has brain damage? Transposed digits... classic marker for number confusion. Means she has a lesion in her left parahippocampal region. I misdialed a phone number this morning. Must be contagious. She also forgot to pee before your fake test. She has a small bladder. Shows an inability to predict the future. Also located in the left hemisphere of the brain, - Close to the parahippocampal region. - Means the damage is ongoing. Two subtle clues six years apart... that's hardly compelling evidence. - I'm compelled. - That's not what this is. Every time a decent person comes in, you set out to prove that they have brain damage. I never said her deranged personality was a symptom. You don't need to. I've been here five years. I can hear your thoughts from my apartment. Can you hear me now? Move on to another organ. I did. The screwed up numbers and forgetting to pee points to her being a human being. The platelet dysfunction and cardiac arrest points to a pancreatic tumor. Or multiple sclerosis. The brain is like the internet... Packets of information constantly flowing from one area to another. Plaques in her brain are like a bad server, slow down the flow. If it's in the parahippocampus, it'll spread to the brain stem, which means it'll be the lungs next. Brain biopsy will show you the plaques. Or we could not cut into her brain. It's just her pancreas. We should do an ERCP. We could settle this with rock, paper, scissors, but... unfortunately, there are people who adjudicate these disputes. A pancreatic tumor is much more likely to kill her Not this week, not next week, Not next month. The number confusion was six years ago. - We have time for an ERCP, no? - The heart attack was 6 hours ago. Now, maybe it's planning to go hiding for a couple years, or maybe it's gonna hit her lungs. We have to assume it's the brain. I'll go fire up the biopsy drill. No, we had to assume it's the brain until we prove otherwise. Do an MRI, T-2 images. You want me to do another test? You should be able to see the M.S. plaques. If they exist, you can do your biopsy. You want to say yes. You know you should say yes, but you also think that this job is about standing up to me. So you're not gonna say yes. You're not gonna say no. You're just gonna waste time. And the patient's brain, or pancreas, whatever is wrong isn't gonna wait that you impress your boss. So pick one... either him or me. Do the MRI. You're still here? The whole point of giving Cameron the job was so that you could... - I don't want to go home. House told me I should give her back. Instead of being offended, I've been wondering if he's right. He's not. He never is, Not when it's anything personal, or human, - Or... - No, he's always cold. He's always an ass, but he's very rarely just wrong. I've read... every bonding and attachment book there is. I feel like I'm in prison at home. I feel like I'm free here. Parents make sacrifices. I don't know if I want to. I'm not proud of this. I feel terrible. I feel like a failure. But she deserves to be loved. I-I... I don't know what to say. No plaques on the left hemisphere. Or the right. Even magnified images of her hippocampal region, nothing. This is surprising. So can we cancel the biopsy? Go ahead with the ERCP. I need to talk to you about Remy. - Who? - Thirteen. - What did you call her? - She's on placebo. And you want to change that. I'm the last person you'd ever come to for ethical advice, literally, which means you've already asked every other person, and no one's given you the answer you want. Or I respect your opinion, and I want to hear what comes to your mind. Has she invited any of her lesbian friends into bed with you? I was mistaken. Drug gonna cure her? It looks promising, reducing symptoms. - No cure then. - So the pros are: You might delay the onset of symptoms, Give her an extra year, maybe three. She's still dead before you're 45. The question is, are those few years worth risking the rest of your life in medicine? No. There, that wasn't so hard, was it? Thank you. You're welcome. Unless you love her. If you love her, you do stupid things. Common bile duct is clear. No filling defects in the biliary tree. - Oh, God. - What? It's her lungs. House was right. O-2 SAT's down to 89. - Increase to 100% O-2. - Better get out. Do we have to tell him? The surgeons were able to drain the pleural effusions. The patient's breathing on her own, but she's still pretty weak. Lung failure proves that one of us was right. Who said brain? Yes, you predicted that her lungs would fail, but the MRI was negative for M.S. I was right about the where, but not the what. A picornavirus could cause localized demyelination that the MRI wouldn't pick up. If we run a nerve-conduction study on the surface of her brain, we'll see the dead spots. Are you talking about cutting into her skull? Actually, I'm talking about cutting off her skull, exposing her brain. A pancreatic tumor could still fit. Explains heart, blood, and lungs. ERCP was negative. And she agrees with me because she agrees with me, right, sweetie? All we need is a more sensitive test. Endoscopic ultrasound. Just accept that you've been proven wrong. You were also proven wrong. Why don't I get a second test? Because if I'm right about the brain, then we don't have time to indulge your wrongness. Let me know when Cameron says yes to cutting off our patient's skull. I'll be doing the endoscopic ultrasound. Good news. I don't need your approval for some crazy, unproven treatment. I just need to do a test. You want to remove your patient's skull. Remind me to revoke Kutner's telephone privileges. I didn't realize that was an A.M.A.-approved treatment for M.S. Not searching for M.S., but what set it off-- Equine encephalitis. Turned a cool breeze of M.S. into a CAT-5 storm. I didn't realize your patient was a horse. There's been human cases. Not when it's 30 degrees outside. Transmission is by mosquito. So she got bitten six months ago, or it's some other infection. Whatever it is, it's running rampant in the left side of her brain. When I get in there, I'll get you the specifics. You're asking me to let you cut off the top of someone's head. I need more than, "I'll know it when I see it." You want proof before you let me go looking for the proof? - This is the test. - You have to give me something. Cuddy's gonna love you. The patient, on the other hand, is gonna hate you until the day she dies next week. Actually, this idiot will probably forgive you. You gonna help or what? I want kids. I think these kids are already spoken for. Not now. But since we're dating, I just thought you should know. But I thought, because of your illness... So did I. Even when I didn't know if I had it or not, I just... assumed I couldn't take the chance, but now... Even though I know I have it, it feels like... an option. You really don't have to keep buying me things. Just open it. This is nice. The picture is actually your gift. That's your baby. I took her picture to that place that does that age-enhancement thing. And according to the kid who works there, this is a pretty good approximation of what your daughter will look like 18 years from now. That's sort of cool. Right now she's just this weird little creature that... sleeps, and poops, and cries. But that... is who she's gonna be. You will be teaching her how to ride a bike, giving her advice about friends and school and having her heart broken. She'll ignore most of it, but some of it'll stick. You're gonna be there for her through all of that. You just have to get through this part. That's all. It's very sweet. I'll pay you back for the photo. Don't worry about it. It's just the picture that came with the frame. You can chuck it. Kid with a raging viral syndrome And three dead mosquitoes. I'm off to storm the bastille. These aren't mosquitoes. Fruit flies... close enough. Acute viral nasopharyngitis? One of her students has the common cold? Team's not what it used to be. On the other hand, Kutner ran his endoscopic ultrasound. Didn't find peep. So disproving it's her pancreas proves it's her brain? Yes. You used to do this job, remember? That's what used to pass for evidence. Now I do this job. You brought me three dead bugs and a runny nose. I can't find you the proof you want Because it's trapped inside her head. And the only way I can get at it Is to cut it open and rip it out, Which is the one test you won't let me run. So either I do this, or I do nothing. What do you want me to do? Say yes just because you're House? I'd certainly like that, yeah. Yes. Cameron actually said yes? Nope, I'm just obsessive about clean cuticles. Sawing off the top of her skull and placing electrodes on her brain is insane. Right, we should be retesting her pancreas for the umpteenth time. You're skipping steps because it's Cameron. - You wanna see how far you can push. - I'm skipping steps because our patient is skipping steps on the way to being dead. - If you've got a better idea... - We should remove her spleen. Splenic lymphoma explains the damaged platelets, the heart, the lungs. If this doesn't work, the spleen's all yours. Unless I kill her, of course. Not only will this allow us to clock your brain's processing speed, You'll also get free cable for the first three months. What's this? A blue car. Is that part of the test? Nope, my lease is up next month. You like? I'm gonna ask you a series of questions designed to stimulate left-brain function. Logic, reasoning, problem-solving. Or as my mentor, Old Ben, liked to call it, "the dark side." If we find slow areas, we know we found damage. We treat. You go home. Ready? I'd nod yes, but I can't move my head. This pen is red. Its ink is red. Is all ink red? Nerve conduction's 12.8 meters per second, right within range. Cameron's letting him cut into our patient's skull based on nothing but dead bugs and someone else's runny nose. There are two pints in a quart, four quarts in a gallon. How many pints in five gallons? Step away from the patient. Who's that? Okay, all right. That's my old boss. And by "old," I don't mean "former." Insulting me is not gonna make me go away. You're not here. Obviously I'm not trying to make you go away. Hint... the answer is a number. 40? 12.4 meters per second. Conduction is still normal. Dr. Cameron, you're actually assisting him with this? Yes, because I'm actually familiar with this case. I'm familiar enough to know that cutting into this woman's brain is not necessary. Is she serious? She's certainly not funny. Put the phone down. Pick up the baby. Make us all happy. OK, settle down, baby. It's okay. We'll be done in a minute. I can call security. - I can... - BP's dropping. Get it back up. I got a whole stack of these. Give her ten Ccs dopamine. Already am, thanks. Your baby needs you a lot more than we do. You aren't hungry, and you aren't wet. I don't know what it is. Oh, that is so annoying. Can you make it stop? The baby's crying is annoying you? - What's her nerve conduction? - 14.3-- it's actually speeding up. But her BP's 80 over palp. We're gonna have to stop. That doesn't make any sense. The fact that you're wrong doesn't make any sense, or the fact that I believed you were right? BP's still dropping. She's gonna stroke. I'm giving her ten more Ccs, And I'm putting an end to this. Okay, Rachel, quiet down! I need you to be quiet! Please, turn that phone off! Why does the baby annoy you, but no one else does? I mean, you're right about her, but... I don't know what you want! I will give you anything that you want! I don't know what it is! Tell me! Please, just help me! Please! Really? That worked? She's stable. We're finished here. Close her up. How long until we can perform the splenectomy? Can't dose her with anesthesia till the last batch completely clears. How come the baby annoyed her? We should get her in there as soon as we can. Two hours at least. Her blood pressure's in the tank. I hope she lasts two hours. What was different? Our patient loves all things annoying. She'd love this conversation. She's an earth mother, takes in the freaks and rejects of humanity And tells them they're a-okay. So what was different? Her head was open, you were asking her questions, A baby was crying. She had low blood pressure. According to the laws of physics, low blood pressure causes light-headedness, chest pain, but not annoyance. Move your feet. You decided to keep her. Thank you for telling me. You can go now. I talked to her. We connected. You talked at her. You had a chemical reaction. You trying to annoy me? I'm trying to explain you. I know it doesn't make any sense, but... it was real. It was there. You want to hold her? Come up here. Come say hi. You think we'll bond? - Is that cute? - A little. If I threw up on you, you'd be pissed. Your puke isn't as cute. That's 'cause of your hips. If she would've just gestated a little longer, her stomach sphincter would be fully mature. But, no, we have to walk upright, which means that baby's head is too big for mommy's hips. And by the way, your hips may be an evolutionary improvement. So we've evolved to find baby puke cute, 'cause otherwise we'd kill them all before they became functional. Bonding's over. I got to go see another baby. So I can just live spleen-free? Plenty of people live perfectly normal lives without... Spleen's fine - It's not her brain. - Of course it's her brain. You looked at her brain. You took off her skull. You found nothing. Didn't look in the right part. Didn't look in the heart part. In the womb, Blood has to bypass the lungs, Since they don't work yet. When we're born, we take our first big breath, lungs expand, and the ductus closes. Yours didn't. She has a patent ductus arteriosis. When you get stressed, your blood pressure goes up and forces open the ductus. Blood takes a little detour, makes it leak from your nose, your stomach, your lungs, and, more significantly, keeps it flowing to the right side of your brain and away from your left. Which means that when you get stressed, you get unstressed. That's why you're so good with those annoying kids. And why, when your blood pressure dropped, you were able to identify Cuddy as an annoying human being. Good news is, we can fix the heart. Bad news for the annoying kids. She's incredible. Thank you. Great work today. I should've trusted your instincts. I will in the future. I quit. I think I just apologized. If you want, I can get down on my knees. It's not because of you. I approved an insane procedure with no proof, no evidence, no... You made the right call. The problem was a brain problem. Without the procedure, House never notices the increased left-brain function. She'd be dead if you hadn't said yes. - I know. But... I'll always say yes to House. I studied under him. He's in my head. And if you gave anyone else this job, they would always say no, Because... Well, because they should. House is insane. Which leaves me. I'm sorry. Hey, buddy! It's okay, buddy.