- Used to be a full breakfast service. - They're trying to starve us. - You're worried about the food? No, I'm worried about what the food represents. I got seven scenes to shoot today on half of what we used to spend. We're going through a recession. It is what it is. But nobody's gonna bail us out. Free content everywhere, DVD sales in the toilet. Now the back office bean counters are vetoing half my ideas. So we begin to make it about the performances. - You okay? - A bit of a headache. - If you need an ibuprofen... - I need you to put your game face on. Screw the bagels, the sets, the wardrobe. Do you have any idea how lucky we are? We get to do something we like, we get to touch people's lives and we get paid for it? Let's make a movie. Hey, baby. Roll camera. And... action. What's wrong? My eyes... They feel like they're exploding. All right, turn off the damn lights. Get an ambulance. Now! .:: La Fabrique ::. R[H]ésus AB+ Team ShalimarFox Benj Arrow We're gonna be late for work. Then we'll be late. You took a patient's life, you lied about it for weeks, you broke who knows how many laws and oaths to cover it up, but I can live with it. We can get through it together. You have no idea what I've been living with, and what it means to hear you say that. But we need to get away from Princeton-Plainsboro. You can barely walk by the rooms where Dibala was treated. Why should we live with that hanging over our heads? If there was ever a time to turn the page... Three-month-old with fever, incessant drooling, and chronic muscle weakness. Or... porn actor Hank Hardwick, born Henry Lefkowitz, totally clean workup, collapsed on the job with extreme photophobia. Or... an infant as limp as a rag doll. Let's wait till Chase and Cameron get here. They'll have the good sense to side with me. Doesn't matter, I'm still in charge. We're taking the limp three-month-old. Oh, good. You paged the limpness specialist. This envelope is oddly... medical license-shaped. Congratulations. House is back in charge. We get to treat a porn star. - Congratulations. - Perfect timing for us. We're leaving the team and the hospital, effective immediately. That's kind of sudden. Unless you've been circulating your resumes for a while. We're starting to think about new jobs, where we want to live. Moving too. Interesting. Are you sure? - We'll miss you. - We'll miss all of you too. We'll start clearing out our things. Run an STD panel and a tox screen. Send a C-reactive protein to look for inflammation and an ANA to screen for autoimmune. The rest of you take a history and do an l.P. to rule out viral encephalitis. Oh, it's just you. Here's hoping you're good at multitasking. I get tested for STDs regularly, so does everyone I work with. Since I'm guessing you don't take their word for it. All right, I'm gonna need you to lie on your side and put your knees to your chest. Any history of alcohol or substance abuse? My wife used to smoke a little pot, but I never touched the stuff. You're married. Happily, for two years now. She happy you do porn? Very, since she does it too. You ever get jealous when your wife's working? It's a job. Once you start letting your work life rule your home life, especially if you're in the same line of work, - your relationship's gonna be short. - You're gonna feel a little pressure. - Any history of sexual abuse? - I defy the cliche. Have you ever suffered depression or psychosis? Let me save you some time. There's not a blotch on my record. Look... I know most of the people in my field are drug addicts with daddy issues, but I'm a nice, Jewish boy from the 'burbs. I wasn't driven to this. I chose it. I believe in it. I actually think it's... My arms are killing me. Looks like tetany. Your muscles are contracting. - Need some meperidine in here. - Oh, God. Jew with megalophallus, photophobia, and muscle spasm. You tell me which is the most unusual. Four candidates, three slots on the team. Need to know if you've still got your diagnostic chops. I leave this office by 6:00 every day, I have my weekends again, I recognize my wife again. Yeah, I agree. Does sound pretty dull. No wonder you want to work for me. Tox screen was clean, we ruled out viral encephalitis. The only obstacle to you coming back is your wife. Which has never been that much of an obstacle to you. Maybe you're right. The only link between eye and muscle is the brain. Tumor, seizure... Taub seems to think the link has to be the brain, but eye and muscle are governed by different parts of the patient's second-favorite organ. Which means it's... Thailand was wonderful. Thanks for asking. Of course. Yes. It has to be multifocal. I have an interview with a community health clinic in two hours. Back-up plan's fine. Taub's swinging for the fences. - You don't divide your attention. - Good point. I won't divide my attention, then. Taub thinks it's a brain issue, 13 thinks it's multifocal. - And they don't want to work here. - Don't take their word for it. Taub's problem is his wife, 13's problem is you. Chase and Cameron's problem is the dead African dictator. None of them has a problem with the work. Cerebral vasculitis would explain both the eye and arm findings. Steroids to treat, brain angiogram to confirm, EMG and nerve biopsy while you're at it. I'll be at lunch. I'd hire all four, but a five-person team seems unwieldy. Who would you turn down? I'll have whatever he's buying. Two cheeseburgers and two large fries. There are a thousand people who want to be on your staff, but you're going after the four who don't. They don't because their lives are irrelevantly and annoyingly complicated, which makes them confused, which makes them make poor decisions. And your life is simple? You went all the way up to the conference to cozy up to Cuddy. Instead she's dating one of two people in the world you think of as a friend. There's no way that's not devastating. So I had an attraction of sorts. Yeah, the sort in which your imaginary tryst landed you in a mental hospital. And I got help. And she got Lucas, who bought me a ginger ale. It's all fine. Which won't be true of my department unless I can figure out which doctor I'm not hiring. I suppose throwing yourself into your work isn't the worst thing you could do. What is the worst thing I could do? House thinks it's cerebral vasculitis. If you could do the brain angio - while I finish up... - We're out the door. He's got me running every test and treatment by myself. Which is why you should be out the door too. This is completely unreasonable, even for House. You owe me this. Thank you. You really believe this is cerebral vasculitis? Could be. House wants to thread a catheter through his brain, which could cause a vasospasm, give steroids, which could spread infection all over the place, because it could be. Sounds like House. It could also be a severe vitamin D deficiency. Is a restrictive diet works long hours indoors, became hypocalcemic, got tetany and photophobia. I shouldn't do the angio? House ordered it, Foreman wants it, of course we should do it. - I'm saying we're right to leave. - You sure? Because right now I'll basically do anything you ask me. I'm not interested in guilting you. We're moving on. Right after I take the patient to the phototherapy suite, blast him in ultraviolet light, and IV vitamins for his severe vitamin D deficiency. So do you actually work together? We did at first, but now we like to keep our films produced separate. So do you... watch her work? We're both busy with our own stuff. Think what you want, but we're proud of what we do. Divorcing sex from all emotional content? Emotion is emotional. Sex is mechanical. There doesn't really need to be any overlap. Certainly not in your world. We've helped a lot of couples by taking sex out of some deep, dark dungeon. Do what you want without some big, moral comeuppance. You think you can escape the consequences, but you can't. You don't get to make your own rules or morals. You're here to treat him, not lecture us about our... Are you all right? - Are you okay? - Just a nosebleed. Inside his leg? - Petechial hemorrhages. - We were wrong. So was Foreman. Patient's blood won't clot. - We're back to square one. - And you're back. - So much for playing hard to get. - We're here to help Foreman. - Is that... - He's not without talent. UV rays made the patient's capillaries more fragile, hastening the onset of DIC. - Sounds like sepsis... - But isn't. No sign of shock. - No drop in blood pressure. - Can we turn that off? Right, 'cause Cameron thinks pornography is evil. I don't care what he does. I don't care what you watch. It's annoying that he pretends it's some beautiful life we should all be aspiring to. Left shift points to bacteremia. No fever. Plus it wouldn't explain his spasmodic muscle contractions. The ball and chain smacked you down. But widespread petechial rash, nervous system involvement. It's some kind of blood infection. Meningococcemia. Start the patient on heparin for the DIC. Broad-spectrum antibiotics for the meningococcemia. Chase is relaxed, at ease, in lockstep with you again. I guess he finally told you that he iced Idi Amin Jr. Does that mean he can break the other nine commandments too? Taking the lord's name in vain, sure, but coveting thy neighbor's wife? Is she hot? I've forgiven him. Not for murder. Not you. Doesn't matter how evil Dibala was. By every conscience-hugging, mother Teresa-loving bone in your body, you should be leaving him, not leaving with him. Your position was our leaving is a ruse. We're not talking about mine, but yours, which doesn't add up. Here's what doesn't add up. If you were serious about staffing, you would know exactly which three fellows you wanted. You plowed ahead with this case even though you hadn't hired new fellows because you knew Foreman would ask Chase and me to help, giving you more time to blow up our marriage. I don't want that. But we'd be foolish not to plan ahead. A... my firing Chase was the only reason you left two years ago, B... when the full horror of his homicide hits you, your marriage will blow up. And Z... the only obstacle to you working here will be gone. Or maybe I skipped a couple of letters. Meningococcemia's spread person-to-person. Think about it next time you show up for work. It's okay. Your wife's not here. I'm telling you... You lecture me when she's around, I get it. But I can tell from all your questions you're more like me than you admit. I'm a guy. I look around every once in a while, but I love my wife. I love that she's the only one I'm intimate with. And no part of you wants to just toss this rule book everyone's forced on you? No part of you wants a life of actual commitment? Is my relationship perfect? No. Am I ever horny when my wife has just had sex for nine hours? Yes. But we are committed to each other, in every way that matters. In other words, you're committed, except when you're not. Doesn't work so well if you have a conscience. Conscience. That thing that kicks in when there's no logical reason to behave the way people want you to? - What? - You have a fever. Means the antibiotics aren't working. Mr. Takayama. I'm really happy with what the last guy did with my eyes. But why would broad-spectrum antibiotics fail to work on meningococcemia? Excuse me, I've got a real patient. Mister... Hitler. Really? Had to do something to amuse myself while your receptionist - fought with her boyfriend. - Next? A guy who needs two decades' worth of corn chips hoovered out of his neck, or a guy who can't stand daylight, and whose blood won't clot. - You do the triage. - Who's the jerk? Someone with zero chance of hiring me back. I told you, I'm content at home and at work. But not with content. That's why you got sucked into those stock scams, why you cheated on the wife you love. At bridge. My wife and I play a lot of bridge. - Why you worked on a case last time. - I gave you a theory. Like I'd help a guy who needs a Heimlich in a restaurant. And then I shut the door behind you. You'd knock over 3 doctors to give it to him. Metaphorically speaking, you're a Heimlich addict. You're an addiction addict. Your drug of choice is your old team. Like any addict you're trying to solve another problem and it won't work. Excuse me, I have a... A tight schedule of nose jobs and tummy tucks. Yes, I do nose jobs, like the guy who came here after a car crash, couldn't even breathe through his... Antibiotics wouldn't work if his sinuses were infected and clogged, if there was a pocket of bacteria his blood vessels couldn't reach. Surgically drain his sinuses, the drugs will work. Nice. Tell me it didn't feel good. See you tomorrow. Not coming back! Looks like quite a trip. It was. House send you to talk to me? Then there's nothing to talk about. I don't wanna work for him. You're a great doctor. House is right to want you in the mix. You saying this 'cause you have feelings for me and want me back? I'm saying it shouldn't be an issue. Do you have feelings for me? I don't want our work life to have anything to do with our personal life. You couldn't keep 'em separate. And that's why our personal life doesn't exist. - None of that has to... - I can't work with you. Actually, you can. I was the one who had the problem. I don't anymore. I owe you an apology. I was wr... Wrong about? You spent weeks elaborately concealing the fact that you...</i> crashed daddy's car. And you just confessed. Seemed idiotic. Certain to end in disaster.</i> Instead you're riding off into the sunset together.</i> Any theories on why? You've already dismissed the "she loves me" theory? Well, it's possible. It'd require the presupposition all she's done</i> for the last six years has been inconsistent with her character. - <i>It's possible.</i> - We've established, - it's also possible you're wrong. - <i>Or there's another explanation.</i> Since you don't have one, I'm gonna keep looking for you. Let him drain, then pack it with anesthetics and sterile gauze. Any idea what's going on with House? He's trying to get his old fellows back? It's called stalking. I am too busy to play officer of the court. A shame, since you triggered this. What do you see in Lucas anyway? None of your business. Did you think House wouldn't find out? Had you told me, I wouldn't have coached him - on how to prove his worthiness to you. - You're upset because I didn't choose to date your best friend. But I'm living my life. For the first time I'm not gonna change that because of how it might affect him or you. I feel like crap. Look, our relationship is gonna be about House, or it's gonna be about us. I vote for us. House is gonna make it about him for us. This is very insulting. You're apparently shocked by this, which means you thought there was some way we could date, get married, have two kids, a dog, retire to Florida, all without House finding out. Or you thought that we wouldn't date all that long. First means you're delusional. The second means I am. It could also mean you thought House had matured, but then we're back to your being... Shut up. You're right. I'm sorry. I'm also flattered. You acted all cool and everything with Wilson, but you feel comfortable enough with me to freak out. That's cool. His sinuses are clear. Antibiotics should work this time. Why did you forgive me? I mean, I'm glad, I'm grateful, but I'm confused, you've been harder on the patient than you've been on me. The difference between you and the patient... is that you feel shame, guilt. That's how I know we'll get through this. My stomach. It really hurts. His liver's failing. His liver's failing and his abdomen keeps filling with fluid, so... It's not meningococcemia. No matter how much you finish each other's sentences, don't count on being a diagnostic package deal. Patient's liver's not working. We don't have time for your team-stakes. Sometimes, you're just wrong. Something genetic, something in his history we overlooked? Both are spotless. Every time he had a bad cough as a kid he went to a doctor. Klatskin tumor obstructing his bile ducts? No jaundice. Wouldn't have ocular effects. If it's inflammation inside the bile channels sclerosing cholangitis. He stopped producing clotting proteins, damaged his blood cells, - causing small strokes. - Enough! Stop pummeling 13 and Taub. It fits. Prep the patient for an ERCP. See if there's hope of opening his bile channels. Tell him to look for a liver donor. Dr. Chase. Your turn. What'd she say? She forgave me because I feel guilty. - That works too. - And now, you expect me to ask you what the "too" refers to. Only if you're interested. Only if you have doubts about her answer. She thinks you don't have anything to feel guilty about, because you didn't kill anybody. I did. She blames me for Dibala's murder, not you. You were barely involved in that case. She knows that. But I created the big, bad, evil climate that allowed it to happen. - You're wrong. - Powerful counter-argument. Why are you doing this? Why are you trying to screw things up? You got the tense wrong. Things are already screwed up. Which is why you don't just want to work for me, you need to. Cameron thinks you're my sock puppet. If you don't stay, it's gonna be hard to prove you're not. I have to go. Last week, my cane could only do ten minutes. What are you doing here? Waiting for you to take a nap so I can surge into the lead. What's the best way to restore the liver in someone with sclerosing cholangitis? - Not getting drawn into this. - You already are. - Because you crashed my workout? - You're core training. Improves balance, Staves off the most debilitating symptoms of Huntington's. You've ended your self-destructive streak. Want to do something significant, that'll last longer than the few years you have left. My team is your first-best choice. My first choice is the community health clinic I interviewed with yesterday. You should do that. Three hours a week. Every doctor should. 'Cause every doctor can. You don't want to be every doctor. Plus, on my team, you get to screw with Foreman. Every way but literally. Why are you doing it this way? You're pretending to assume we're all coming back without actually asking us. Why? This is why you'd be miserable in a clinic You can't ask because you can't face the rejection. - Why not? What's going on? - Are you asking me to ask you? I'm saying you shouldn't, for your sake as well as mine. We don't know how much the sclerosing cholangitis has damaged your liver. It might be in a year, it might be in ten. But you're gonna need a new one. And you should know, while no transplant committee will say this openly, they'll never grant an organ to someone working in your profession. I have to change jobs? You're medically advising me to change jobs. - Hank, if you're too sick... - She wants me to have a conversion. She's practically salivating over it. - I'm just being candid about... - So you don't think I'm scum. Just some committee does. That your lifestyle has risks. You work around more sick people and germs and blood than I do. I'm not gonna live my life afraid like my parents did. Barely letting me play outside and God forbid that I get a scratch. I'll talk to him. He'll calm down and realize this is the only... Why does everyone want to dictate the way I live my life? Because the way we're living is gonna kill you. Passing the pancreatic duct... - Don't listen to House. - You have no idea what he said. I know he's manipulative. I know you're in a vulnerable state, and that Cameron wants your marriage to work. So do you. So don't listen to House. House doesn't make my decisions. I'm in the common bile duct. What's that mass? Gallstone? Can we magnify times five? That's not a gallstone. His liver's completely filled with worms. You have strongyloides, also known as threadworms. They disseminated in your body, causing your symptoms. How'd I get a parasite? Most likely through sexual activity, but we can't be sure. What's the treatment? Two mebendazole pills. That's it? You'll be fine. Your liver too. Go back to your lives. You know this is the doctor's lounge. I know. It seemed like the place to read doctors' notes. You are good at it, by the way. Why are you reading my charts? Because I'm worried about my girlfriend. Your girlfriend... is a male porn star? No, I'm dating Lisa Cuddy. - Seriously? - Cool? If House doesn't have his team, that'll make her miserable, which will make me miserable, which brings us to the fact that you have elevated noting to an art form. - I see the connection. - Most doctors write "9:00 a.m." if they scrub in at 9:00 or anything near it. You write 9:03, and you make little notations when procedures are delayed. You're easily impressed. Well, yeah. I was, till I saw that you had virtually stopped writing them - about four weeks ago. - Been busy. Got a backlog. People with your level of precision don't really just "get" backlogs. No one knows why you're leaving PPTH. Because it's personal. If something happened, I mean, if you're leaving to get away from something that you did, or she did, or both of you did. I mean, emotionally maybe you want to run away, but in my experience, if you're staring at a pit bull in some guy's back yard, You're better off staying right where you are. Face the problem. That way it can't bite you in the ass. Thanks for the folksy wisdom. You got any, dirt on any of the other three? It'd really help me out. You said those two pills was all he needed! - Lungs are filling with fluid. - Suction him and get him on oxygen. Patient's lungs are severely compromised. Liver's still failing. Worms could easily have been a coincidence. Almost be surprising if he didn't have 'em. Which means it could be a hematological problem plus cardiomyopathy Neck veins are flat, precordial exam was normal. What if it's lymphoma? Peritoneal carcinomatosis explains the liver failure. Paraneoplastic syndrome explains everything else. Lymphoma it is. Prep him for chemo. Fax Taub and 13 the latest update on the case. Seriously? They've as much right to know as anyone. You either like the diagnosis or you don't. If you don't, we need to keep talking. If you do, you need to shut up. What we don't need is this stupid game. You're mad at House, but you're not mad at me. Do you want me to be mad at you? You blame House. Not me. I am mad at House because he's an ass. And I am mad at you, but I don't want to leave you. What I did may be the worst thing I ever did. It may be the best. I'm either a murderer or a guy who stopped a mass murderer, but I did it. Me. And even if it destroys me, I'd do it again today. - You don't mean that. This isn't you. - I'm not running away from what I did because you want to pretend I never did it. If that's how you feel... My strategy's not completely working. All four of them want to work for me, but all four of them have reasons why they don't want to work for me. How do I get them to take one from column A and none from column B? Right. Right, by not saying anything, you're saying that answer is inside me. The answer has nothing to do with the question. Then it's not technically the answer. Why do you need three of these doctors? Because I know they're good. Other doctors fall into the "might be good" category. It has nothing to do with them being good. You think they're idiots half the time, but they're comfortable. You feel abandoned, so you're reaching out to people you know for comfort. Oh, my god, you're right. I don't need doctors at all. I just need a good friend. Cuddy's right. Maybe, just maybe, if I don't play along, you'll realize you can't solve a deeper problem with a surface solution. Would've been more profound if you hadn't said anything. You okay? Getting through it. Be a lot easier once you two are away from here. He's peeing blood. - BP's rising. - Heart rate's up to 250. He's going into cardiac arrest. Charging. Clear. - He's bleeding out. - His body's completely giving out. - Charging. - Clear. We've got him stabilized, but no red cells, no white cells practically no platelets either. Mebendazole can cause adverse effects, but nothing like this. He's been off 'em since yesterday, anyway. Long passes, wild guesses, anything. Hypopituitarism could cause multi-organ failure if... If his thyroid hormone wasn't completely normal. - Renal cell carcinoma. - Renal ultrasound was clean. I'd say aleukemic leukemia. - Marrow's not making normal cells... - Ablate the patient's bone marrow. Find him a donor match. You want to nuke the patient's marrow? He had no evidence of being anemic or immune-compromised when he was admitted. - Perfect white count as well. - Ablation could kill him or leave him defenseless against an infection that could. Then come up with something better. He may as well die while we're treating him. OK with you if i bring the other candidates into the loop now? The risks are, they're really minimal. We'll do a series of painless injections, and... Excuse me. All can be done as an outpatient. You're leaving at 11:00 a.m.? Trust me, case is almost over. Foreman told me you're ablating the patient's marrow, on a non-theory that Foreman himself withdrew. You're gonna kill the patient. Is this about me and Lucas? I want alternatives for the patient. So do I. I want to be on the team. That's gonna save your marriage? I don't know. Four candidates, three spots. I got a tough decision ahead of me. Hi, Remy, this is Dr. Turner from the Pennsauken free clinic. We all loved meeting you, and, well, the job's yours.</i> Call me back. Let's pick a start date.</i> I want it to look natural. I mean, much younger, but natural. Can you get rid of the crow's feet altogether? Or is it better to leave a trace of them? I don't look old enough to have them anyway? - Absolutely. - I do look old enough? What? I'm sorry. Hang on a second. - Why are you here? - 'Cause I think we're wrong. Which means something's gonna go wrong. Or right. - Takayama here. - It's me and 13. Stop the ablation. - Because? - Those thread worms. Why would his body have gone to hell hours after they were gone? The worms weren't hurting him. They were helping him. He has extra-intestinal Crohn's. He got it from being raised in a too clean,</i> too overprotective of an environment.</i> It's the hygiene hypothesis. Why there's so much autoimmune disease</i> in the developed world, and almost none in the developing world. They were keeping the Crohn's in check, teaching his immune system</i> what it should've learned from eating dirt growing up. Once you killed them, it started killing him. So his life of filth wasn't the problem, clean living was. Let's start him on methylprednisolone. And some helminths. Worms. Cool? Best out of three? I want to be on the team. Good news for your wife. Thanks for the sarcasm. I reorganized my life to spend more time with her, but apparently I don't love her as much as I thought. Or you love her more. This job gives you the thrill you used to find through philandering. Better to cheat with a beaker and an MRI than one of your platinum-blonde plastic surgery patients. I'll let you know. I told House I want to work for him again. Stay on the team. You were always more into it than I, more interested in diagnostics. Unless House was right about why you want out. Four for four. I was in love with you. I was an idiot. Tried to be like you, tried to understand you, because... I thought I could heal you. You almost killed that patient. If almost not saving his life means... You knew the diagnosis a long time ago. You risked another patient's life to bait your old team. Another one? You did kill Dibala. By playing god and teaching us to do the same. - I taught you to think for yourselves. - You don't think of them as people. They're just lab rats for your little puzzles. As you celebrate their humanity, I save their lives. Motives do matter. - Lives can't come second. - The patient is alive. - That's what matters. - Not to you. All you care about is that Taub and 13 fell for your game. You'll poison them like you poisoned Chase. Your husband killed a patient and you're breaking up with me. You ruined him. So he can't even see right from wrong. Can't even see the sanctity of a human life anymore. I loved you. And I loved Chase. I'm sorry for you both. For what you've become. Because... there's no way back for either of you. Any idea where I can get a great, big "mission accomplished" banner? Got my sanity back, my license back, and now... You're kidding. All of them? Three out of four. Which is almost as good as four out of five. - Who was the... - Cameron. I can't believe it. I mean, really. I can't... believe it. You were right, House. Good for you. Yeah, it is. She's broken up with Chase,