these dinner parties. Nero loved a good poisoning. - At a dinner party? - He'd arrange one... - I don't feel like going on tonight. - Too bad. 'Cause that's what makes the club feel like paying us. Titus, this is all in the book. Titus would ply his guests with wine, then bind their privates with a cord. Did you get a new guitar? '64 teardrop re-issue. Not a mark on it. All right. Can I see it? Nice, nice. Hey, cut it out, man! You stupid son of a... Come on! Hey! It's a hunk of wood, bro! It should look like a hunk of wood. We're not the philharmonic. See, look, man, it's better already. It's 10:45. How 'bout taking that on stage? Now I feel like going on. Transcript : swsub.com Sync : BlueDoc, Akazab</i> Season 4 - Episode 9 "Game" You're my child, and so are the quadruplets.</i> And I'm not gonna give any of you up. Don't you... Talk to me as a mother.</i> Sign on the door says "closed for private event." You're alone. How much more private can you get? - Can you pass me a tissue? - Who are you keeping? - You owed me a decision ten days ago. - Total amnesia. You're my whole life. You. Luisa Maria can't decide if she's gonna keep the quadruplets. She keeps them. I read it online. You happy now? I ruined it for you. - I want two names by friday. - Fine. I'll arrange for a patient with a mysterious illness - to come in on thursday. - Yes, you need more tests. It's only been two months. Who knows how they'll react to freak weather patterns? They all did fine in the wind tunnel. Two names by friday, or the pay overruns come out of your salary. I can hurt you. I know that now.</i> And I move your parking space to the "e" lot. Don't ever leave me, mom. Who's the sickest patient you've got? I've got a guy who'll be dead in the next ten minutes. You mean someone who might actually survive a diagnosis. There's nothing here. Just the usual cracked heads, gunshots, false alarms. Who would you pick to fill your narrow little flats? So you can fire them off of my recommendation? Nice try. Who do I have to grope to get some turn-down service in here? Jimmy Quidd. He is a punk rock singer. - Punk rock star to you. - Repeated trauma, self-cutting, fever, arthralgia, hyper-inflated chest, fatigue, anemia. Blood in the stool and urine. I've died and gone to diagnostic heaven. His blood results show booze, cocaine, amphetamines, opiates. The only mystery here is how he made it to be 38. - I'm 28. - And he lies. And he's a pain in the ass. Hey, come... Wrap him up. I'll take him to go. Dizzying array of symptoms. Any of which could be caused by drugs, trauma, being a loser. The guy's a walking pharmacy. Could be anything. Forgot to mention... Final case. Get it right, you're hired. Runner-up will be decided strictly on some definition of merit. Endocarditis. Hemorrhagic lesions in the lungs and gut. Bronchiolitis obliterans. He smoked his airways into oblivion. - Endocarditis. - I already said that. I'd heard of it before you mentioned it. Speed counts. Find something else. - Could be bacterial meningitis. - You already picked. - I'll take meningitis. - Too late. Go run your tests. No... He's sick 'cause he's a drug addict. No, he has every symptom you'd expect of a drug addict. So you think it's all too perfect? Some other disease is trying to throw us off its trail? If he had 4 out of 20 possible symptoms, he'd be a garden-variety druggie. 20 out of 20, there's an underlying disease. - Run your tests. - No. He's weak, in withdrawal, just spewed blood. They're gonna rip off a piece of his lung, ram instruments down his throat, and roto-rooter his intestines. It'd be nice if we didn't kill him trying to figure out what's killing him. One diagnosis, one test at a time. O2 stats are low. Hyper-inflated chest. - I need a bronchoscopy to... - You just lost two points. What for? For thinking it makes a difference who goes first. - Only one person can be right. - What points? Can't have an objective system of measurement without numbers. You lose three for not knowing that. From now on, only the person holding this can treat or run tests. I wanted to give you the serpent staff with the poison axe head, but I left it in my car. Don't need you. It's one thing to hire based on a game. - Don't need your lecture. - It's insane to treat based on a game. You're not taking the long view. The one where we stuff another patient in a body bag? No. If we're wrong, it'll come pretty fast. The long view is the one where we pick the best team. That way we can use all the bags we save for grocery shopping. You're not buying that argument, are you? No. In which case, I'm back to my original position. Don't need you. What do you think of Amber? I screwed up a diagnosis. You don't seem that upset by it. Diagnosed a guy, with adenocarcinoma three months ago. Told him he had six months. So now you've got to tell him that he's way behind on his christmas shopping. He didn't get worse. I re-checked everything. Biopsy was a false positive. Harmless lesions cause by talc inhalation. Medical clemency. Interesting. Why would you use that word? Because I'm interested. When I'm interested, I describe the things that make me interested as interesting. Most people would say good, possibly great. Why aren't you able to just enjoy... Why aren't other people able to just be interested? - Is he in there? - Yeah. Why'd you go right for the drug theories? If he had a history of shoving cancer into his veins, I'd have guessed cancer. Okay. You're an idiot. Either that or you've decided you can trust a smoking addict alone in a bathroom with an oxygen tank. I got your new test results back. Sorry I'm late. Who's your colleague? - Dr. House... - Yes, Dr. Wilson? - I really don't need the consult. - I know the prognosis. Apparently not. Mr. Mckenna, I... Can't believe I'm able to say this, but... You're cancer-free. The biopsy looked like adenocarcinoma, but it wasn't. Harmless lesions on your lungs. You're fine. I don't get it. Cool. No, it's... I know this must come as a shock, but, I've double-checked the labs. I just accepted an offer on my House. I've had three good-bye parties. I'm buying plane tickets to venice. You can still use those if you're alive. I have to pay a $6,000 broker commission on a house I'm not selling. Money, I don't have. Thank you... For letting me know. I... would have thought the living would mean more than the expenses. It's not about the money. - I have 17 points? - I started you all out on 100. - And you blew up part of the building. - Where's Foreman? - He got paged. - By who? Is it about our... By me. I need him right away. Somewhere else. - We're hiding from Foreman? - Foreman accused me of playing games - with patient care. - Who gets the eyeball next? I haven't run my test yet. It still might... You can't run your test. The patient had massive smoke inhalation. Do a bronchoscopy, it'll set off a laryngospasm. I'll do an open-lung biopsy instead. You want an invasive surgery because you screwed up? - The patient snuck a cigarette. - The patient is an addict. It's not his fault he's jonesing for whatever he can get his hands on. Not his fault he's jonesing? In what universe does that make any sense? Get him on a nicotine patch. It'll keep up with his Jones. Do your biopsy. How's the new us's final case going? It's a moving target. House keeps moving it so I can't find it. So... You've decided to focus on solving the problem in darfur. Taub is in there prepping the patient for a biopsy. Stay close to Taub, or stay close to House. - And stay close to the game. - I'm trying to stop the game. That's your role in the game. You wander over here to annoy me? You're not wearing a lab coat. - House doesn't wear one, does he? - Damn! Now when I walk away, it's gonna look like I have a reason other than just annoyance. He won't let us finish prepping him for the biopsy. You try the other arm? The problem's not the arm, it's the entire patient. Hi. He let you check his chest. He let you do anything except check that arm. He wallpapered himself with nicotine patches. Real rebellion has a point. It's not juvenile and purposeless. Maybe purposelessness is my purpose. - Mission accomplished. - Amber... It's not the patches. He's got blood clots moving through his body. Means... I was wrong. If a clot reaches his lungs or his heart, it'll kill him. - It's true. - We all know it's true. - You just wasted our time. - And what you're doing? - I'm not competing. - Where's Taub? - Foreman was following him. - So you paged Taub. Didn't see that I had much choice. He has schistocytes in his blood smear. Which means the DIC's causing clotting. What's causing the DIC? - Drug impurities. - You lost your round. New symptom, new round. This has to be drug related. This is how doctors kill patients. By seeing the stereotype... Drug addicts use drugs is a stereotype? Drugs are bad is a stereotype? - Losers lose is... - Malaria. - He hasn't left the country in years. - Malaria's relapsing/recurring. For all we know he could have been sick for years. It explains not just the DIC and the bleeding, but the tiredness, fever. Everything we attributed to drugs. Oh, yeah, it's much more likely that this ass punk rocker was exposed to malaria than drugs? If you were always right, then you wouldn't have just been wrong. Or let the patient mainline nicotine. Or ravaged my anatomical model, which grandma House bought me when I aced my mcats. A pharmaceutical rep left that here on tuesday. - Grandma does some part-time work. - The rep was a 30-something babe. Thank you. I got her hips. Carry it with pride. Manipulative bitch, you're wanted in the loser's circle. Why do you hate drug addicts? Your situation is different. You're taking a necessary prescription. I know... I'm fabulous. And I'm not the patient. I'm not allowed to have a problem with junkies? You're allowed. There's gotta be a reason. He's a patient. You don't know him. But you hate him. He's throwing his life away. 'Cause he's setting his own terms? Not living in fear of every pop quiz? I thought we were talking about him. We were never talking about him. Why are you afraid to lose? Are you gonna fire me because I like to win? Just want to know the reason. I watched this football game once. And I noticed something odd. The winning team, was the happy one. I did the math. Our patient's happy. - He's an idiot. - He's a happy idiot. That screws with your world view. There's something freeing about being a loser, isn't there? - Why are you afraid... - Mommy didn't love me enough. Daddy expected too much from me. Something! Let's assume that's true. I get how that can make me a screwed-up person. But how is my willingness to do anything to get the right answer bad for my patients? Or put in terms you can understand, how is it bad for you? - I didn't ask you to pick up the meds. - I'm trying to be a good colleague. You want to boost your score by prescribing House's drugs. - Why else would you have two bags? - Didn't say good colleague to you. - You realize we still have a patient? - Don't care. You care about this job more than about his life? I care more about my wallpaper than about his life. You're jerking me around. No reason to be a doctor if you don't... I care about life. I just don't care about his. He doesn't care. Why should I? - My time is better spent... - Kissing up to your boss. Average doctor cuts off a patient 18 seconds into a history because that's all the time he's got. Meanwhile six of us are ministering to a guy with a death wish. So why do you want the job? Not because I'm maximizing my service to mankind. Good for you. Where is he? We're gonna spend the next hour looking for a guy who doesn't want to be found. Jimmy Quidd's greatest stiff. 1989. - A profit-seeking entity released this? - Put it out himself. He wanted people to listen, but apparently didn't want people to enjoy listening. - Now, why would someone... - Truly a mystery. Why would anyone do something just to aggravate people? Why would you have a blank liability release form, plus your checkbook, on top of your desk? Probably because they were in the second drawer in a manila envelope under a book, and you put them on top of my desk. You usually keep your checkbook at home. It's your go-to excuse for why you can't lend me money. You're gonna pay the guy the six grand, aren't you? There are other people I write checks to. I do have cable. There's no negligence, without injury. I handed the guy a death sentence. He's not distressed with a death sentence. He's distressed with a life sentence. I gave him three months of misery. You gave him three months of being someone special. You're paying the guy because he used to be boring, and without you he's gonna be boring again. - Hi. - Results of the malaria test already? Well, no. But we were wondering if you'd sent the patient for any additional... Tests. You lost the patient. - Taub, you check lost and found. - Thirteen... Come with me. Why do you love drug addicts? I won't pigeonhole the patients, so that means I'm... Perfectly capable of drawing my own conclusions. Are you capable of answering a question? I think there's more to him than the drugs. Admirable. Why? I need a reason for doing something admirable? There's always a reason. He's a patient, you don't know him. Why do you like him? The alcoholic parent, druggie youth. There's no such thing as a saint without a past. Or a sinner without a future. What makes you so sure that drugs are a mask for something else? Drugs are always a mask for something else. That's the dumbest thing I've heard in my life. You really want this job? You think you can talk me into leaving? You're a person who likes her privacy working for a man who needs to know everything. You're a person who cares about her patients working for a man that cares about games. I hear him. So neither sleet nor hail nor dread of night. Wait, wait, wait... Malaria's not contagious. Children, I bid you... Good night! And I'm off! Which one of you guys sapped my powers? Was it you? Did you take my powers? Maybe it was you. Well, no matter. See, I'm feeling stronger already. It's okay. It's okay. He's okay. Respiration's good, pulse is solid. We need a lot of nurses in here. Dr. Cuddy. That face that launched a thousand long faces. Get control of your patient. - Strap him to the bed if you have to. - I want to keep all four. You can have two. You don't get negotiation, do you? I say four, you say three, we finally settle on three and a half. - Which would be good news for Taub. - You don't want four. You don't want three. But if I say three, you get to keep playing your game. Who would you pick? Are you asking my opinion? If you have any absolute truths, that would be even better. You never want my advice. You spend your life trying to avoid my advice. You're a bureaucratic nightmare, you're a chronic pain in the ass, and you're a second-rate doctor at best. Am I blushing? But you do... Know this stuff. Can we get this over with? Taub and Kutner. Taub will stand up to you. You won't like him, but you'll respect him. Kutner, shares your philosophy of medicine. God knows I don't need two of you, but he will actually help you. It's not malaria. Bloodwork's negative. But we did find the reason for the DIC. Bad blood fragments. If we can figure out how they got there... - Blood exposure during sex? - Hemolysis from the malaria meds? Stop guessing. - You'll spoil the surprise. - If you're looking to get information out of the guy, he's not exactly the bare-your-soul type. I was wondering if you guys know girl from Ipanema. - What are you doing? - Nothing. What are you doing? That's mine, man. You're gonna be denying that in a second. Next time make sure you bring enough for the whole class. He's been sharing needles with this guy. As he injected this guy's blood, his own blood attacked it, chewed it up. Those were the fragments we found. So DIC was nothing? We're back to bloody vomit and his two dozen other drug or non-drug symptoms. Re-check everything. Throw these guys out, and strap the patient down. House! Respiratory failure. Good news for you, thirteen. That is definitely not drugs. The blood clots were drug-related. The coughing up blood and the respiratory arrests are still on the table. Inhalants. If i'd wanted a knee-jerk drug diagnosis, I would have told Foreman where we are. He knows where we are. Because he followed you! I followed Taub. I followed her. He had a bleeding problem. That could cause respiratory arrest. If I wanted to forgive his drano-drinking ways, I wouldn't ignore what you just said. Could be an infection. No, the lumbar puncture's clear. What lumbar puncture? You didn't authorize that test. True, and yet, here I am with the results. Thirteen thought it was bacteria meningitis. And I had the eyeball. It was a harmless test. Patient's welfare still counts for something, doesn't it? Yep. Minus 50. Chronic pulmonary embolism would explain the breathing problem and the blood coming from his lungs. - I'll run an. - You're not running any tests. He knows it's not PES. - The guy's d-dimer's normal. - Doesn't always rule out. Go in to run one test, run eight more like she did, find out which one's right. Then comes back with a brilliant guess. Is this true? - No. - Too bad, cause that would have earned you 40 points for cleverness. The points go to Amber. - Foreman, you run the tests. - Sure. Anything I can do to help your game. - He's not gonna run the tests? - I don't think so. So what's wrong with me? You mean besides your music? Well, sure, cause I don't play tour kind of music, - it's not music, right? - Yeah. I resent you because you're not perry como. Look, I don't. I don't play for an audience, Okay? Well, then, that stage you stand on is an odd choice. I just, I do it for me, okay? I don't do it for you. You have three choices in this life. Be good, get good, or give up. You've gone for column "D". Why? Simple answer is if you don't try, you can't fail. Are you really that simple? Look, you know, some people... They like my music. Most people can't stand it. But they just sort of just shrug and ignore me. But a few, the feel like they have to tell me what I'm screwing up. You know, what I'm wasting. Why do they care? You have some peculiar masses near your heart. Peculiar how? Well, unlike your music, they elicit some emotional response. That's odd. What? You care if I appreciate your music, but you don't care if you live or die. Maybe the answer is that simple. I can't apologize enough. To you, to your family. There may not be any technical liability here, but. You're ripping it up because you think it would be wrong to take money from me? I think it would be wrong so little money from you. You're out 6, 000. You ruined my life. I ruined three months. For the first time in my life, I was living in the present. Cause that's all there was. You're suing me not for the wrong diagnosis, but for the right one? Have you spoken to a lawyer? You gave me happiness... And then you took it away. Definitely no emboli. It's pretty fuzzy. Hey, for point and shoot I thought I did okay. It's fuzzy because he was still shaking cause was coming down from the heroin. - Where is everybody else? - The clinic's been quarantined. A patient came in with avian flu-like symptoms. And 50 extra dollars in spending money. Can you do this echo again? Okay, minus five for ingratitude! No "thank you, Dr. House." No "here's a bottle of codeine for your troubles, Dr. House". I was asking if you could do it again after giving him a sedative to keep him still. I could. We'd definitely get the answer. But since the opiates would decrease his respiratory drive, and he already can barely breathe, minus ten for asking me to kill the patient. What if it's a congenital defect? An anomalous vessel on his heart? You know that the heart does the blood stuff, right? And the lungs do the breathing. If the vessel wrapped around his trachea? - What do you want me to do? - MRA. See if you can get a clear picture of that vessel. What. Wait. What, what, why? You said the picture sucked because the patient was shaking. - MRA will be worse. - We have to get a picture. You were doing better before you had a good idea. How can we see it if we don't take a picture? You can see me, right? We want to look at his heart. With our eyes. So I kill the patient on my operating table. You get to keep testing your team. And I take the heat from Cuddy. If it goes that way, yeah, that'll be excellent. His respiratory status is through the floor. If there's a vessel and we don't remove it fast, best case, he's on a ventilator for life. Granted, it'll be a short one. Who do you think I should hire? You want me to tell you in front of him? It would be rude to ask him to leave now. If you don't do the surgery, the patient will die. You'll have had nothing to do with it. And everyone will know that had nothing to do with it. Everyone will know that it's because you were pissed off at House for firing you. You know that's not why I'm saying no. But that's how it's gonna play out. Keep him and Amber. You'll get stuff done. Prep him for surgery. This isn't an anomalous vessel. Look at these lymph nodes. Way too big. There are the masses you saw. 70 over 40. He's crashing. Two units of PRBCS. Starting dopamine. We're losing him! So... How's your game going? It's not whether you win or lose. Respiratory failure. Enlarged lymph nodes. Whatever this is, he's not going to be breathing much longer. Does Foreman being here mean the game's over? It means the patient's life is almost over. You can call it what you want. We're done, people! Come on! I need ideas. And I don't care who they come from. Of course you do. This is still a game. You still going to reward whoever gets right idea, punish whoever's wrong. Hire who you want, get this over with. Thirteen, Kutner. I'm sorry. Go home. Why? It doesn't matter. He just told me that gotta. Lungs are stiff, could be a RDS. You fluid-overloaded him. Anyone's lungs would leak after that surgery. - Good-bye. - Anaphylactic shock. - No sign of bronchospasm. - If the lymph nodes are caused chronic stimulation his immune system? Impurities his drugs could have caused. Street drugs are laced with all kinds of things. Immune overreaction would explain everything. Drug diagnosis. That's what you're going with. That firing thing. It was all a dream. Go find where he gets his drugs and what's in them. Put him on dimercaprol for heavy metal poisoning. Competition works. So you're not gonna tell me who sells you drugs? Why does it matter? You're dying. Does that matter? Not really. I'm not an adult. I never wanted to be. So if the choice... Is running out the clock with a walker... And a bedpan... You don't regret anything? Well, there was a lot of drugs. A lot of drinking... A lot of fights. I regret everything else. You hate me, don't you? Yeah. I don't care. What's it like? It means you have no regrets. Kinda sticks in your head, doesn't it? This guy's amazing. There's not one redeeming note. What sort of a lawyer tells his client he's got a case because he's going to live? I've heard that not all lawyers are as ethical as the ones we see on TV. I don't think this guy even has a law degree. A lot of the guys on TV don't, either. I think he has a medical degree. It directly affects my bottom line. You have less money to lend. I'm trying to take responsibility! And I'm trying to teach you that everyone is out for theirs. You might as well keep yours. And lend it to you? You have to control everything. How come you're going around asking everyone who you should fire? I'm asking for input! I thought you would have admired the humility. You like games because you can control them. God I'm gonna put the record back on. You like what's interesting. Never mind if it's real or good. Wanna know why you offered that guy six grand? Life just happens, and that scares the hell out of you! You think you can cure pain. You think you can avoid pain! You think you're responsible for every failure, every patient's boring life, ever friend's screwed-up. You don't want to face it any more than my patient does. Dying's easy. Living's hard. That can't possibly be as poignant as it sounded. Still can't find the drug source, but I don't think that's the problem. The dimercaprol isn't working. And quidd volunteers at a home for abandoned kids. Why are you telling me this? Because his bass player told me. Is it medically relevant? I don't know. Well, then why are you. Stop playing games and do your job! No. This time, I'm firing Taub and Amber. This is a joke, right? It's only a joke If you come up with the answer. It's not really funny if you don't. Thirteen and Kutner, you're fired too. Foreman. He's a druggie. I was never sure there was a disease in the first place. So all we know Is that he's dying. Who wants to tell the patient? Fine. We'll get some kid to go talk to him. It's the only people he gets along with anyway. Are we still fired? He works with abandoned kids? Is it medically relevant? I think so. I need a brain biopsy. For the patient. Stop it. You two switch? You want to drill into a skull of a patient who almost died on the operating table yesterday? Why are they here? Because I wouldn't have gotten the answer without each of them. You could have just told me. I want you to feel guilty. She thinks the patient's a loser. She thinks the patient's a winner, just a regular guy with a regular problem. He thinks he's gonna be great once he's all growed up. And he thinks... What did you think? - Autoimmune. - Right. Less interesting, but just as important. We can't all be right. You're all wrong. My mom always said that two wrongs don't make a right. She never said anything about four wrongs. I always found that suspicious. Plain old measles. Constant exposure from hanging out with Oliver twist and his lot. I assume he's been vaccinated. Patient's immune system was shredded with years of drugs. They're early markers of rash and fever. Would have been lost in a druggie. His immune system overreacted. That's why his body went haywire. That's clever. You're not doing a biopsy without neurological symptoms. If I'm right, the virus is in his brain. Wrong course of treatment could be his last course of. I need a neurological. He kept swallowing. Could be neurological. Could be a complex partial seizure. What did it look like? Good... God, woman. How much more proof do you need? If you can induce a seizure, you can have your biopsy. Hup! We're gonna use flashing lights. Noxious stimulation, It'll irritate your brain. If there's damage to your neurons, it'll trigger a seizure that we can. I got something much more noxious. It's not as commonly used, but sound can be just as big an irritant. Now remind me of your influences here. Cause I'm gonna say, Thelonious monk and the sound a trash compactor makes when you crawl inside it. I don't do it for you. I do it for me. What do you think? Is he seizing or dancing? Seizing. Play him the b-side. It's even worse. Schedule an OR for the biopsy. See you in the lecture hall. A little mood music. Build the suspense. Sounds more folky. You seriously have no idea when to stup up, do you? Amber, please stand. You didn't call me bitch. Is that bad? You play the game better than anybody else here. But for the wrong reasons. Reasons don't matter. Results are the only thing. You were wrong. 20 years ago, this was recorded by Jim Moskowitz. Who later became known as Jimmy Quidd. Loves kids. Apparently has a heart, perhaps even a soul. If you're gonna work for me, you have to be willing to be wrong, willing to lose. Cause you just did. You're fired. Thirteen, please stand. You're fired. - You just said I was right about. - He was a drug addict. Four applicants, two spots. If I had three, I'd keep you. Game over. You're gonna have to grow old after all. You've got measles. We're blasting you with corticosteroids. - What's wrong with you? - I got fired. What are you doing here? Trying not to care. Yeah. Well, that's not easy. What the hell did you do? - You told me to hire Kutner and Taub. - Because I knew you wouldn't. - I can't let you hire two men. - Now, that is sexist. - You've already got Foreman. - Is he a dude? - Hire a woman too. - Hire two women. You can have the one that gives a crap about people. They both do. Great. Hire thirteen.