Request confirmation to engage target.</i> on first approch. Roger, Cobra zero six. Big eye waiting for confirmation as well.</i> We wait any longer, big eye, we're not gonna have any choice</i> in the matter. I can't exactly do a u-turn here.</i> Roger that, cobra. Hold for confirmation.</i> Captain Cooper, are you okay? What happened? You weren't answering. Because the damn comcord got disconnected. You spend a billion dollars on the avionics and don't bother to check the comm connection? I checked that twice before you got in. And the next time you ask us to test a prototype, it'd be nice if your directional gyro didn't spin like a top when I'm supposed to be 500 feet off the floor. I'm sorry. I'll go review the simulation, see if I can figure out what went wrong. Season 4 - Episode 2 Transcript: swsub.com Synchro: BlueDoc, ¤AkaZab¤ Who is this man? Come on, take a shot. I'm not gonna fire you every time you get a wrong answer. Neville Chamberlain. You're fired. Does this man look like he's ceding Czechoslovakia to a fascist dictatorship? It's Buddy Ebsen, the actor. He's dead. - Why are we... - Buddy Ebsen was the original tin man in the wizard of oz, for a day. He was diagnosed allergic to the aluminum dust in the makeup. His lungs failed, he nearly died. Question is, why? Didn't you just say he was allergic? You may not have legs, but you got ears. I suggest you use them. I said he was diagnosed allergic. Since we are currently short exactly one interesting patient, we are gonna figure out what really happened to Buddy Ebsen in 1938. Now, on the one hand, he's not getting deader. On the other hand, your jobs hang in the balance. - So. - House. I want seven alternate diagnoses when I get back. Did you forget how to count to three? I get budget for three. Doesn't mean I can only hire three. Actually, that's exactly what it means. I cut the permanent salaries by 10%. Over three years, that'll more than make up for the breakage on the 27 that I'm gonna weed out over the next few weeks. There's 40 people in there. Row D, you're fired. I didn't actually count all the resumes. This is stupid. You can't manage that many people. You're just gonna keep weeding them out arbitrarily. Sure, and having them sitting in my office schmoozing about their favorite algerian surfing movies is a much better system. - Wait a sec, were you in Row D? - Yes. My apologies, my boss says I'm being arbitrary and stupid. Row D is not fired. Row C is fired. Great. Thank you. See, that was not arbitrary. Well, I'd love to chat, but I've been paged. That's interesting. Apparently paged myself. If you have a resume there, not interested. But I wouldn't mind hearing how you got my pager number. It's not a resume. $50,000. Does one-eyed nicky want me to run that to Jimmy The Nose? It's for my medical bills. I need you to find out what's wrong with me. Insurance is usually cheaper than that. Cash means there is something to hide. I'm a captain in the air force about to start a new assignment. NASA's astronaut training program. I discovered salt and created FM radio. Something is wrong, with my eyes, my ears. Well, if it's fixable, the air force will do it for free. If not, doesn't matter. There are 100 applicants ready to take my place who don't need to be fixed. I need to do this off the books. I did the research. You're the best, you break rules, and you don't care about anyone except yourself. Well, let's say that's true. You get a new job, hospital gets a nice wad of cash. What do I get? I crashed a flight simulator because I started to hear with my eyes. - The aluminum, could've been tainted... - Don't care. New patient. 30 year old female, with synesthesia. New rules. You generate a lab report, you shred it. X ray, you melt it. No notes, no records, nothing. As far as you're concerned, the patient is Osama Bin Laden. And everyone not in this room is delta force. Any questions? We're protecting Osama Bin Laden? It's a metaphor. Get used to it. Any more questions? And you're not even gonna tell us her name? You think her name might be connected to what's wrong with her? Here's Osama! You all have numbers, so we're gonna do this alphabetically. - 8, 15, and 5. - Is the synesthesia new? Yes. Any history of similar symptoms or psychiatric No, nothing. Are you on any prescription meds? - Or use any other drugs? - No. Should we trust her answers? You think I'd pull you off Buddy Ebsen just for a junkie? Can we trust your answers? - Well, you gotta trust someone, right? - No. Has anyone close to you been sick lately a family member, a coworker? No, not that I'm aware of. Two down. Kitty Carlisle. You spend much time above 20,000 feet? Why would you ask that? People who fly are immobile for long periods. Could be a leg clot that embolized to the brain through a PFO. Unusual choice. Like you said, you wouldn't interrupt Buddy with anything that wasn't. The patient is... A frequent flier. 13, 32, 39. Get Osama an EEG, MRI, and angiogram. How many of you think that Oswald acted alone? If, by alone, you mean that he was unaware that the CIA Oh, shut up. Split yourself into two groups. Test her blood. Test her stool. Who likes the designated hitter? You're wrong. You're lucky you're not fired. Two more groups. LPS and cultures. Who doesn't know what a designated hitter is? Here's her address. I want you to break in, find out what she's hiding. Why don't we just ask the patient for the key? If you could find out what she's hiding just by asking, we'd have to redefine hiding. You wanna live in this country, learn the language. What do you want the rest of us to do? 30 people for three openings, and I want you to wash my car. This is not why I busted my ass in med school. We spend half an hour cleaning a car, big deal. It's demeaning. Work is demeaning? We're too good for this. Oh, don't give me that honest day's labor crap. We all went to med school so we wouldn't have to do an honest day's labor. What about an honest hour's labor? In exchange, we get a shot at learning from one of the best diagnosticians in the world. We don't. If we did, we'd be one of the ones drawing blood or checking for toxins. We're done. He's just not gonna cut us loose until we've dusted his shelves and starched his shirt. I'm outta here. Who's with me? Are we sure he wasn't joking? Maybe this is just a test. Everything's a joke, and everything's a test. And he wants us to do it. Come on, get up here. I could try, but I pulled a muscle in 1987 I didn't waste two years repeating medical school - to be arrested and deported. - Why'd they make you repeat? Not enough gym credits? According to the state of New Jersey, medical schools in my country suffer from not being from this country. If you get it open, you're gonna have to come down and let me in. Or you could just wait out here. This is a competition. Change your mind? - Then why are you here? - Never intended to quit. - Well, then why did you. - Intended to get everyone else to quit. Get off the car. I need to clean it. We need to clean it. I stole his keys. We'll take it to a car wash. He's got people breaking into a woman's apartment. Obviously, respecting personal property isn't one of the rules. I told the super I was worried about my niece. She hasn't been answering the telephone. Nice guy. Two daughters at mount holyoke. No evidence of clots. And other than elevated red blood cell counts, the, uh, blood work was. Unremarkable. Got a problem with the naked female form? Not at all. Maybe she's just not used with the naked dolphin form. That's not a dolphin. It's a porpoise. There is a difference, you know. Salary, for one thing. You want us to give you a minute? - High red blood cell count likely means - carbon monoxide poisoning. There are a lot of different explanations for elevated red blood cells. Yeah, well, which one fits best with the damaged fluid that your competitors found in the gas fireplace in Osama's cave? Car's clean. Did you just see a blond guy with a pretentious accent? - Can't see an accent. - Good point. Can I have my car keys back? Gimme the car keys, put the patient in a hyperbaric chamber, and no more prime numbers for you. Thank you. The high pressure and oxygen will flush the carbon monoxide from your system. This much oxygen for too long can have some toxic effects, so we'll do this in cycles. Can I talk to you a second? You're working that thing all the time. Is everything alright? We're supposed to be watching her heart rate and blood pressure. Yeah, I was until you pulled me over here. I'm sending out a consult on another patient. What? I'm not quitting my old job until I'm sure I've got a new one. - didn't say anything. - You had a look. Yeah. I did. Sorry. I think she's having a heart attack. No, I just feel a little funny. Tachyarrhythmia. Call? - Nothing. - V-FIB, where the hell is clear. Are you crazy? You can't bring those. - We're in a! - Clear. She's on fire! - Her heart's beating. - And we are so fired. We've started her on nitro and blood thinners. Electrolytes and post-arrest EKG were normal. The attack was not caused by the procedure. So what does cause synesthesia, high red blood cell count, and heart attack? Aren't we gonna discuss what caused the sudden appearance of burnt flesh? He brought charged paddles into an oxygenated room. And you didn't stop him. Means either you thought it was a chance worth taking, making you a hypocrite, or you thought he'd fail, making you a cutthroat little pixie. - What causes? - Takayasu's syndrome. Not without a rash and a fever. - It's gotta be whipple's. - No way. You ever see whipple's without abdominal pain? Stop it! This argument is distracting every male and lesbian here. You're both right in the sense that you've convinced me that you're both wrong. What about cardiomyopathy? Structural abnormality causes the heart attack and throws clots to the brain, leading to synesthesia. - How old are you? - I'm 21. Unless it's relevant. Okay, scooter. Do a transesophageal echo. And since the positive divisors of 26 are 2 and 13, have them assist. Rest of you, go to the cafeteria, document ten things that can cause infection. Each. I wouldn't. Someone named "17" thinks there could be listeria in the cream cheese. 17's a stupid number. - What's Chase doing here? - You saw Chase? Last night, outside my office. That's interesting. It's more curious than actually. Chase took a job at the mayo clinic in Arizona. A week ago. Interesting. It wasn't Foreman or Cameron you... "saw," but Chase, the one you fired. Not interesting. Someone who looked like someone I used to know walked by my office. It's always interesting when repressed guilt starts unrepressing itself. The only thing I feel guilty for: Is this. We're gonna feed this endoscope down your esophagus, try to find where your heart might be damaged. It's gonna feel uncomfortable. But just keep swallowing. I promise you'll be fine. She's ready. Go ahead. Take a whack. Right. So if we don't find anything, House blames me. Or you find something and get a gold star. Why don't you want to do it? House isn't gonna be impressed by a gray hair doing his ten thousandth echo. - She's just be interesting. - That makes you suspicious. Doctor? Call me "13". I'm not getting invested. Her heart's structurally sound. No clots. No valvular defects. No wall motion abnormalities. Got that from "structurally sound". - What did she say? - Structurally sound. I assume you're not all walking with me to tell me you found nothing. It showed a short burst in the at... Okay. Who's next? Showed a short burst of atrial flutter. I ran a rhythm strip twice - and got the same result. - Stop. Okay, here's how we diagnose in transit. I lead, you draft. I move, you move. I stop, you stop. Got it? Flutter can mean hormone overproduction. Why did you do the test? I gave it to scooter. - We didn't think it mattered - It doesn't. It matters that you let her. Okay. 10, 24, 39, run a trh stimulation test for hyperthyroidism. That could cause another heart attack. Proving her first attack was caused by her thyroid. Which is kinda the point, right? I ride alone. The hormones stimulate your thyroid. Don't worry if you get flushed or you start to sweat. It means the thyroid's working. And, uh, if you want, I can remove that mole. I'm a plastic surgeon. You're allowed a little vanity. I'm fine with the way I look. Good for you. Although, I do find it a bit odd that someone so self-assured doesn't want her doctors to find out what's wrong with her. What are you talking about? Why else am I here? You're jerking us around. You're handcuffing us with all these restrictions. I'm feeling warm. Her pulse is 120. Stop pushing. If House thought this would handicap us, - he wouldn't have taken the case. - Or maybe that's why he took the case. He wants to see if we can get it out of her on our own. What did you find in her home? - You were in my home? - Nothing. Travel pictures, yearbook, her name on an employment slip? We weren't checking for that stuff OK? Obviously, House didn't want us to. You're gonna. You're gonna out me, aren't you? You're gonna ruin everything. Nobody's trying to do anything. Just relax. This is not a normal response to the test. Pulse and bp are too high. Get away from me. Get away from me. Don't touch me. Paging me during Judge Judy, not the best way to win my affections. She had another episode of synesthesia. It set off a psychotic attack. And now she ran in there and must've - jammed something in the handles. - So you call me. The guy with one good leg and zero leverage. We break that door down, security shows up, and her name goes in a file. Luckily, violence is not the last resort. Extortion is. So go ahead. Extort her. If you don't open this door, we're going to break it down. Clever. An appeal to her deep concern for hospital property. Let's see how that works. If you don't open this door, - you're going to die. - Go away!</i> - You seem to be getting to her. - She doesn't care if she dies. - You think she wants to die? - No, but I think she only wants to live under certain circumstances. Open up or I blab your secret to everyone. You don't know anything. I do. - Anybody think that a sedative might... - I'm trying. Who's that? Who is she? Osama Bin Laden. Who is she? - Is she okay? - She's stable. Who is she? - What did House tell you? - That she is on the run from an international crime syndicate. That's what he told us. House maybe your boss, but I'm House's boss. You want to work here, I better be okay with it. Honestly, he didn't tell us anything about who she was... Her name's Greta Cooper. Wants to be an astronaut. Doesn't want NASA to know her brain's getting her ears confused with her eyes. I went through her mail. You're a virus, House. Now instead of one liability, I've got 20. Apparently, only 19. - Which number was it? - From now on, everything you do gets charted. With pen on paper. In a binder that says princeton Plainsboro teaching Hospital - on the cover. - Mom! If you want to run something through the labs, I get a copy. If you do scans, I get a copy. If you think about doing scans, I get a copy. You know my current thoughts, right? I don't have to put those on paper. Three issues. One, number 10, you're fired. - She told you? - Well, it had to be someone who went to her home. No. 26 is half asleep. Missed his afternoon nap. Obviously he doesn't feel guilt. No. 2 is here on a visa - she can't jeopardize... - you can't know. And that chick's been pointing at you since I walked in. Issue two. What causes synesthesia, high RBC, tachyarrhythmia, and panic attacks? Slight glucose elevation... That says thyroid. - Baseline thyrotropin's 1.1. - 1.3 - Whatever. Her thyroid's working. - What about her liver? Original ALT levels weren't abnormal but were near the edge. - She has patient data on her PDA. - I do not. I saw the lab values. You said we couldn't write anything down. - I also said I wanted answers. - Liver cancer's the most likely. Paraneoplastic syndrome. We need to do an MRI. - Which brings us to issue three. - You're saying we can write stuff down? To you, I'm saying you're fired. To everyone else... - But you said specifically... - I hate tattletales. - She tattled on 10. - Now you tattled twice. Issue three... Come on, let's go. Issue three. How do we do tests when we can't do tests? Dr. Cuddy didn't say we can't do tests. She said we have to chart. If we chart, we won't get consent. So we can't. The patient's life may depend on her consenting. Her dreams depend on her not consenting. So, how do we do tests when we can't do tests? You've got an hour. How do you scan a liver without scanning a liver? And what's Cameron doing here? Interesting. - So you're seeing cameron now. - No, not "interesting", because not "seeing." "saw." My patient won't consent to MRIs or ultrasounds. And you've dealt with more liver cancer than anyone else here. So you want me to share the secret scanning techniques I learned in Nepal? Unfortunately, the monks made me swear a blood oath. - Where was she? - In the lobby. Guess we could palpate the area around the liver. Which won't work unless the tumor's enormous, which you know. Which means you're here because these visions are freaking you out. She had blonde hair. - Why would I hallucinate that? - Yes. Yes, why are you merging Cameron and Chase? We should find out before the next time you see her when she'll be black. Of course, it's scientifically impossible for a person to go back and visit somewhere they worked. No. But since she's not a dead cat, it is scientifically impossible for her to be in two places at once. Physics joke. - Don't hear enough of those. - She just called me from Arizona. Notice the area code. 480. They put an offer on a place in Scottsdale. Do you want to talk or should I? I guess we could both talk. Although they're engaged. And if you're staying in touch, you might want to buy. Maybe it's not repressed guilt. Maybe it's just... Panic. Right now you've got enough fellows to build a railroad. But you're gonna have to narrow that room full of numbers down to three people. Any chance you could turn this creative brilliance towards my patient's liver? I think you're gonna choose people for reasons that have nothing to do with their skills. I think you're going to choose people just because you can't stand them. Because if you like them, well, that's just... Stressful. Stress. I like it. - We need to stress the patient's liver. - You mean make her sick? I mean make her sick in a specific way. If her liver's given to malfunctioning, we make it malfunction. Are we on the other side of wrong here? Don't we have an ethics board that we should consult? I fired you. - No, you didn't. - He fired you. You're No. 6. No, I'm not. I'm No. 9. I approve of your shamelessness. You're still fired. How do we stress her liver? Lying and paperwork, I get. Shutting down organs... We could give her intravenous vitamin D and stick her in a tanning booth. If she goes into a coma, we know it's a metabolic problem. Nice. But vitamin D's metabolized by the liver and kidneys. It wouldn't tell us which one's screwed up. We could get her wasted. Give her shots of tequila. Measure how long it takes for her to pass out. If it's too fast, then we know her liver's not processing alcohol. It's a shot. I like you, No. 9. - You wanted to see me? - You a mormon? You're wearing a ring from Brigham Young. Or did your folks just do the lawns? The church has a very progressive attitude toward racial equality. Don't care. Actually, I'm thanking God. You're the only non-drinker we got. We need a control group to establish whether the liver's deterioration is within normal range. Got a big drinker, medium drinker, now I got a no-drinker. Just do an MRI. You really think the guy who created heaven and earth cares what you put in your digestive tract? Her dream shouldn't outrank my religious belief. Why not? Her dream might come true. All life is sacred, right? We're not saving her life, we're doing a diagnostic test. - Not even a real diagnostic test. - Well, that fake test might really save her life. Would you pull an ass out of a pit on the sabbath? Would you or would you not pull an ass out of a pit on the sabbath? Fine. I'll do it. Good. Why'd you have to pick tequila? I assume a single malt would've worked just as well. Wasn't our choice. Okay. Two minutes, then round number five. So tell me about the magic underwear. - Is that why you're here? - I'm the big drinker. Doing my part for science. The interesting question is why your religious beliefs are suddenly less important than her dreams. - You're reversing your argument? - I know what I believe. I'm just not quite sure what you believe. Well, lds doesn't try to dictate every detail of our lives. When a situation isn't clear, we're encouraged to make our own decisions. But your judgment was to say no. - You used my judgment. - You made a good argument. Rational arguments don't usually work on religious people. Otherwise there would be no religious people. - You're an atheist. - Only on christmas and easter. The rest of the time, it doesn't really matter? Where's the fun in that? A finite, unmysterious universe... It's not about fun. - It's about the truth. - The truth is, we're having this debate because you want to figure something out about me. What do you got so far? She can't breathe. We need to intubate. - No. - At least oxygen. NASA will need to know why. I checked the tests you ordered. - Did you just see Foreman? - You measured the density of her teeth. It's a shortcut test for hypercalcemia. - You had to have just passed him. - So you suspected hypercalcemia from her complete lack of broken bones. Is that why you also ran three tox screens. Patient might've been sneaking uppers. He was in a white coat. Did you hire him back? Foreman is running the diagnostic department at New York Mercy. Have you been drinking? She was having trouble breathing. Refused oxygen and intubation. - So you put her on a treadmill. - Records will show that we gave her oxygen as a part of a routine cardio stress test. She gets to breathe. Your boss gets her paperwork. Who's idea was that? It was a joint decision. It never is. So how old were you when your brother left home? - Why do you think... - Why aren't you answering? - Did your mother initiate the divorce? - We should probably focus - on what's wrong with her lungs. - Are you a wiccan? She really can't breathe. Hold still. - What are you doing? - Auscultatory percussion. If you have a good ear, you can... You didn't have a lot of friends because you... You can hear while you're talking? You can detect not only structural details, but small, deep masses. Game's over. You either have lung cancer or tuberous sclerosis. We need to cut you open and biopsy. That'll... Leave a scar. NASA doctors will see. They'll know. I never opened for springsteen or slept with Barbara Feldon. You can live for years without dreams. Without lungs... Find a way. As long you keep saying it strongly, you won't die. Find... A way. How do we force a patient into surgery? Texas bag scam? Saratoga wire? - Paris exposition trip? - The problem's not the surgery. It's the scars. And we have a plastic surgeon here who can hide 'em. Not that well. - NASA's gonna check every cranny. - I say we just put ether in her oxygen - and do what we have to do. - She'll sue. For what? Making it harder for her to lie to the government? We don't need to hide them. We give her elective cosmetic surgery. The incisions will give us access to her lungs and she's got an innocent explanation for the scars. - You mean like liposuction. - No, no. Those incisions are too far from the lungs. We don't subtract, we add. Turn her "b"s into "c"s. It's a myth that fake hooters blow up at high altitude. She'll be fine. Just think of it as one giant rack for mankind. I fought for years to be taken seriously. Trust me, you'll be taken more seriously. Just sign the form. This'll make me a joke. There's got to be another way. I've, known a few people who had dreams. One thing they all had in common was they got laughed at and they didn't care. You bumped a splenectomy for a boob job? Would you condemn this woman to a life where people look at her face when they talk to her? You don't explain this, I'll cancel the surgery. Can I explain why you're here? Think I just told you why I... I scheduled a diagnostic patient for a boob job, which is ridiculous. So obviously you had to confront me. - With you so far. But I'm gonna give you a reason. - Not a good one. - No. Not even close to a good one. But here's the drag from your point of view. My explanation will make sense. Not to the board. Not to a judge. But to you. So you'll let me do it. Then you're gonna have to sit next to me at the administrative hearing. Don't you have better things to do? It's in the best interests of the patient. Trocar's in. You're good to go. Deflate the lung. There. A cyst. Cysts. I count three of them. Probably the same if not more on the left lung. So what's been working overtime to kill "miss Bin Laden"? - We know her name now. - Yeah, but I forgot it. Say the magic word and get immunity from the next challenge. Alveolar hydatid disease. Hits all the organs. She would've have multiple seizures by now. - Pulmonary langerhans'. - Doesn't explain the red blood cells. Come on. Cysts. Synesthesia. Heart attack. - You guys have gotten... - Von Hippel-Lindau syndrome.</i> Raises red blood cell count. Causes masses on the organs. One of the masses is a pheochromocytoma. It'd cause neurologic episodes and a heart attack.</i> Do you see a blond guy who still has peach fuzz standing up there? This is a closed procedure. Gallery's off limits. Not to the surgical staff. You gonna hire that guy instead of us? Not a chance. I love you guys. Dig out the cysts, histology to confirm Von Hippel-Lindau. Don't forget her chesticles. Calling Arizona. - It was a very nice touch. - You do have residual... Not only do I not have residual feelings, I didn't even have - primary feelings. - You freaked... - You lied. - Because you knew it meant... It meant nothing! I saw him 'cause he was there. Cameron follow her beshert to the surgery department? I think Chase followed her. She's been a senior attending in the ER, the last three weeks. A blonde senior attending, to be accurate. Foreman. Is he back in neurology? He's at New York Mercy. He's been there a month. - Did you "see" Foreman? - No. So... I'm cured. You're fine for now. But Von Hippel-Lindau is a genetic disease. There's no cure. Greta, you need to come clean to NASA. - You said you got all the cysts. - They could reemerge. I'll go to radiology clinics. I'll get regular screenings. If something happened while you're up there, you'd be playing Russian roulette with... Relax. She doesn't have to tell, neither do you. Turns out that NASA doctors even know where the hyphen in Von Hippel-Lindau goes. You called them? I'm not an idiot. Those shuttles fly over New Jersey. So here we are. The big moment. Which of you gets to live to be abused another day. And which of you goes home and rationalizes being fired as character building? Following numbers, thanks for playing. 21, 19, 8, 34, 17, 29, 5, 36, 2. Rest of you, 8:00 AM Sharp. I'll be in sometime between 10:00 and 3:00. But 26, stick around a while. I did nothing wrong. - Lots of people did nothing wrong. - Other people screwed up. - I never even... - Other people took chances. 26. Buddy Ebsen actually wasn't allergic to... - Yeah, I know. How old are you? - 21 - You don't think it's relevant. - I'll likely have less time to use the skills you teach us, but I don't think that's significant to you. How about the fact that you never went to medical school, which is why you let the unlucky number do the trans echo? At least you're ethically unethical. 30 years I worked in the Columbia med school admissions office. Audited all the classes. Most of them more than once. I just never got a diploma. You had to know I'd find out sooner or later. I know you break rules. I thought maybe you'd break one for me. I can't hire you as a doctor, but you can still tell me what you think. You can also fetch me coffee, pick up my dry-cleaning, until I can decide whether or not to keep you. So I'm playing this whole game to be like... Your secretary? Assistant sounds marginally less demeaning. It's not my dream job. Actually, it is. It's just not your dream title. Three weeks. For someone who never misses something small, you missed something big. You're an idiot. - The hair, where I'm working, or both? - The hair makes you look like a hooker. I like it. Pulling pieces of windshield out of car accident victims. Reattaching fingertips sliced off cutting bagels. At least chase's move is only one step down. I can do good here. Get it out of my system. Why'd you rat your patient out to NASA? I don't know who's been gossiping about ethics instead of sex, but I hope they've already been fired. - Which number was it? - Greta. - Number. - No number. The patient. How do you think she got your pager number? She came into the ER, didn't want to talk. - I didn't rat her out. - You lied? Suppose I should tell her that before she keys my car. - Why lie? - Had to stop some leaking faucets. What did it matter? It was no one's business. Right. She's gonna be the safest astronaut up there. Certainly more vigilant than the guy next to her who's got no clue about the aneurysm in his head ready to pop.