- Yeah. You get home. Thanks, Danny. See you in the morning. I'll be here. Food's gone, Daryl. We're closed. You wouldn't happen to have an extra coat in there, would you? - You're wearing a coat. - A winter coat, man. It's cold. Come on. Here. Rangers? You expect me to wear this in Jersey? Come on, man, where's your sense of humor? Good night, Daryl. Go away. That's not funny, freak. No one is laughing, Daniel. House - Season 05 Episode 15 "Unfaithful" Synchro: ShalimarFox, mpm, IceFreak You doing anything Friday? Taking a lovely young lady to the philharmonic. That your way of saying you're having sex with a hooker? Two. Can't create a harmonic with just one. Well, I was hoping you might available for Rachel's Simchat bat. It's a... Jewish baby-naming ceremony, a time-honored tradition dating all the way back to the 1960s. My house at 7:00. It'll just be the Rabbi and a few friends and some family. Nothing like welcoming a baby into the world with a completely naked display of hypocrisy. There'll be plenty of wine and nice people you can quietly mock. Wish I could, but I already put down a deposit on 16 crates of jell-o. It's one evening. I'd like you to be there. Religious hokum, get sponge bath. Can I get back to you? Can I help you? Just browsing. Thanks. Happy to be underachieving again? Running the E.R. is slacker heaven. - Looking for anything in particular? - Not anymore. - Where's this guy? - Why? 'Cause he's my next patient. It'd be rude of me not to introduce myself. He's a drunk priest who hallucinated Jesus. - Afraid you might've missed something? - Afraid you're everyone's time? It's obviously either alcohol or exhaustion. So you admit you have no idea which? I admit that I'm too busy to care who you're screwing with. Don't thank me. Just knowing I can be of assistance is thanks enough. You went out of your way to pick him? - This is nothing. - There are no small cases. Any guesses where this joke is going? - Could be psychomotor epilepsy... - Could be alcohol. Shouldn't we let the E.R. rule the obvious out... Could be atropine toxicity, occipital lobe tumor. You're not telling us something about this case? - Why would you think that? - 'Cause you want to screw with us. Or screw with a hallucinating priest. Both are possible. There's only one way to find out. Run an E.E.G. for epilepsy. C.T. his brain for tumors. Go check his House of God for toxins. Fourteen, hold up. This department is broken, And I'm not gonna take a real case until it's fixed. Job or relationship... your choice. What? To put it in terms you might better understand, If you don't split, you must quit. The drug trial is over. I'm out, she's out. - Don't care. - We're adults. We can handle this. - You just have to give us a chance. - No, you're not. No, you can't. And no, I don't. Mull it over. You got until the end of this fake case to decide. I wasn't drunk. I had one or two drinks. People often underestimate alcohol's effect on their... I was on my way to six. I know how alcohol affects me. This wasn't the alcohol. You lived in Manhattan for 3 years. Then a year in Oregon, 18 months in new Mexico, less than a year in Wisconsin, and now you've been living in Trenton for the last 6 months. Yep. The more we know about you, the more likely it is we can help you. It's not medically relevant, so... No way to know unless you went to medical school. Four years ago, a teen in a youth group at my church accused me of inappropriate contact. I was innocent, but the church decided to transfer me. Said it would be easier for all involved. When the parishioners at the new church got wind of why I'd been transferred, they were... unhappy I was sent off again and again, and how is any of that medically relevant? So the kid lied? He was confused. Confused whether you molested him or not? Okay, you wanted to know why I moved around so much and I told you. How about telling me why I was hallucinating? Syphilis could explain the hallucination. I'm not sexually active. You don't have to admit you did anything with the kid. - You weren't always a priest. - I wanted to be since I was 12. I entered the seminary when I was 17. Maybe it wasn't a hallucination. Maybe it really was Jesus. - I'm not insane. - Seeing Jesus makes you insane? A bit of an odd attitude coming from a priest. Well, it's just a job now. The fairy tale ended a long time ago. You're a wuss, part wimp, part puss. I have no choice. I'm part of the ceremony. I thought you were already circumcised. It's one night for a friend. What about the friend who has two tickets to see Brubeck at the blue note? - I thought you had an orgy planned. - I lied. Are you lying about the tickets? Yes, but only to save you from yourself. I'll be fine and so will Cuddy if you don't show up. I'm surprised she even invited you. It is oddly flattering. God, I'm so sick of his stupid stunts. Everybody has to put up with their boss's stupid stunts. No, they don't. There's H.R., there's Cuddy, there's other jobs. House doesn't listen to H.R. Cuddy will let him fire us before she fires him, and I don't want another job. Why do you cling to him? Why do you defend him? Because I don't want to be unemployed doesn't mean I'm codependent. I'm not saying you're codependent. I'm saying you're scared. You know what? You're right. - So you want to quit? - No, No, I want to stop a stupid stunt. House doesn't want either one of us to quit. He wants this. He's got two lab rats in a maze and thrown in one piece of cheese. So what do we do? Nothing. - Cool. - It's cool he's a child molester? It's cool the priest doesn't believe in God. It's cool that God did to him what he did to the kid. Allegedly. - You think he's innocent? - He had honest eyes? You think he's guilty, which explains why you're dying to discharge him. I'm dying discharge him`cause he's not sick, not `cause he's a pedophile. - Allegedly. - You believe the kid got confused? If everybody lies, that includes teenage boys. Aren't we lucky to have such an interesting patient? Had, there's nothing wrong with him. The world's most boring case just became a page turner. - You want to tear out the last chapter? - You want to examine his character, go to a soup kitchen. We are done testing him for things he doesn't have. Bad news for Foreman and Thirteen. - Case is over. - We're not splitting up. - So which one of you is taking a hike? - And neither of us is quitting. Interesting. You were fine with Chase and Cameron dating. - You obviously don't actually have... - You're fired. How long are you gonna keep this up? We know you're... Wrong... Again. In the last few weeks, it's hard to remember a correct call you made. If Chase had compromised his professional judgment to help Cameron, I'd have fired his ass, too. When my mistake blew up, you did everything to keep me from contacting - the drug company. - To save your license, not your job and definitely not your relationship. So, badge. Fine. Why don't you see if you can find us a real case? How can you discharge me when you have no idea what's wrong? We know what's wrong, and now that you've slept it off... It's not just a hallucination. I feel nauseous. My foot feels numb like it's fallen asleep. - You didn't mention that before. - I didn't notice it before. Are you hiding from someone? Why are you so intent on staying here? I don't feel well. I know there's something wrong with me. Which foot? My left. Oh, God. What the hell is that? What is that? Your toe just fell off. Must be my lucky day. New symptom means the old symptom was a real symptom, and I get to keep our pederast priest after all. - Where are Foreman and Thirteen? - They left. Leprosy can cause necrosis and hallucination. - Why would they leave? - Because Foreman doesn't work here anymore, and Thirteen is mad that I fired him. Don't worry. She'll be back. She'll be pissed off. She'll want to take a stand. And he will convince her that there's no reason both of them should be out of a job. Leprosy's a bad fit. - Why'd you fire Foreman? - I gave him a choice, split or quit. He chose neither. - What about ergotism? - He's giving up his career for her? He's giving up this career for her. No, normal white blood count. Carbon monoxide poisoning? - They're good doctors. - Separately, they're great doctors, better than you. Together, they're morons. Check out the house that they would've checked had this been a real case. And page Thirteen. Tell her to run the blood for C-O. Get the priest in a hyperbaric chamber before anything else falls off. So what are we gonna do now? I get a letter of recommendation from Cuddy and find a new job. Oh, that's it? You're just gonna give up? House is right. Our relationship did affect my judgment. Then I should quit. It'll be easier for me to find another job. Not like this one. - We should both quit. - What's that gonna accomplish? Don't worry. I'll be fine. We'll be fine. Go ahead. I'll see you tonight? I'll be home early. You really think House is done with Foreman? If you ask me, Foreman should be done with Thirteen. He's not gonna get a better job, Which means he'll end up resenting her for losing this one, which she'll end up resenting. Or the hardship'll bring 'em closer together. She'll invite friends over for Foreman to share. - No leaks in the heater. - She's not a nympho. She's bisexual, which, by the way, means she's accustomed to partners who don't need a map to find the treasure. C-O poisoning might have come from these cigarettes. Not unless he was smoking them in a bell jar. Even if you know where the treasure is, it can still be pretty hard - to dig it up without a shovel. - You can buy a shovel. Let's see... how do I keep House from ruining my precious display of religious hypocrisy? I know, I'll pressure him to attend, knowing that he'll never agree to anything I actually want him to do. I didn't pressure you. I invited you. And there's nothing hypocritical about recognizing your heritage. So you keeping kosher now, wearing four-cornered garments, slaughtering heifers to the God Ra? Wait, is that one your people? Do it all, do nothing, or option "c": you're a liar and a hypocrite. For better or for worse, you are a part of my life. It isn't a ploy. It's a sincere invitation. I honestly want you to come. Wouldn't miss it for the world. I'm glad. You idiot. I was free and clear. Now he's coming, and it's your fault. Since when have your failed attempts at communication through lies become my fault? Since you forgot how to keep your mouth shut. You messed it up, and now you're gonna fix it. And you're gonna keep my name out of it. How is he? Stable. Necrosis doesn't look to be spreading. I was talking about Foreman. Is he really gonna leave? That'swhat people do when they get fired. Why are you biting my head off? I was asking what he was gonna do. You're right. I'm sorry. It's not your fault. It's not House's fault either. He gave you a chance, you blew it. He didn't give a chance, but an ultimatum. I would've thought 5 years here would buy a mistake or two. Help me! Help me! I can't breathe! Feels like something's on my chest! Looks like a heart attack. I assume you've heard. I can't override him. I'm not asking you to override him. I'm asking for a letter of recommendation. Eric, the reality here is... House should've fired you. You falsified medical records, put this hospital's reputation in jeopardy. You're lucky you still have a license. I can't get a decent position at another hospital without a recommendation. I'm sorry. Chest pain wasn't angina. Ekg ruled out heart attack. So the good news is, he didn't have a heart attack. The bad news is, I apparently fired the only guy who actually knows what a heart attack looks like. So the man of God who doesn't believe in God had a heart attack that isn't a heart attack. Do I know how to pick awesome cases or what? Could be a clotting disorder. 3 different symptoms, 3 different clots? I know. How cool is that? You two do an angio. You don't want to work, so why don't you just go get me a lottery ticket? The sicker he gets, the luckier I feel. Where are you going? I've been wanting to introduce myself. Are you really a virgin? You have to treat me, not to believe me. And before we treat you, we have to diagnose you. Not knowing whether we can believe you is making that difficult. Everything I've told you is true. You lost your faith because a teenager got confused? And the church abandoned me, and my God forsook me, and couldn't come up with a reason why God would do that. God gave the church and the kid free will. Their exercise of that free will hurt you. Means you're just a victim of god's gift to mankind. Oh, yeah. God wants life to have meaning. Life's meaningless without free will. With free will, there's always suffering. So God wants suffering. I got tired of that argument before I even finished saying it. And even if I bought that, what the hell is God doing? Just the big stuff? The acts of God, the hurricanes, the earthquakes, the random killings of millions of innocent people. Then we better damn pray. God, I wish you weren't a pedophile. Lungs are clean. No embolism. No pleurisy, no pneumonia. I'm sorry. This is gonna hurt. No, it's fine. - No pain at all? - No. Why? Because there should be. You feel that? Regional anesthesia is a new symptom. Not if the chest pain is related to the numbness. It's not circulatory. It's neurological. Run a nerve-conduction study. And be careful. If you kill him, he'll be dancing with the dark one. Why the hell are you going to Cuddy's baby naming? It's a religious ceremony. It's boring. Why waste which that could be much better spent in a drunken stupor feeling sorry for yourself? Okay? Okay, you won't go? Okay, your obligation to Cuddy is fulfilled. - Why are you doing this? - Why did Hillary conquer Everest? You always have a reason. It's usually a bad one, but a reason. - She's being childish. - An example from the bad category. Is it resentment? The stork brought home a new baby, and you don't want to share mommy? Or you... just can't stand to see others happy? She's trying to play me. If I let her succeed, the terrorists win. I heard there might be an opening in the e.r. Foreman's a neurologist. That's not where he... I did an e.r. rotation in Miami. If I can find another position, I figure House will rehire Foreman. Don't quit. Cuddy wouldn't give him a recommendation. - He's not able to find a decent job. - Foreman shouldn't leave either. You think they should split up? Office romances are a bad idea. We beat some very long odds. Why don't you save the gushy stuff for the wedding? House is playing. If you let him get away, - he's not gonna respect you anyway. - Or House is helping you. He knows it probably won't work out. And he's actually doing you a favor. Yeah, that sounds a lot more like House. I know they're looking for someone at Mercy. I'll make a call. - Your boss always like that? - Usually worse. Finding a fellow atheist always makes his day. Think it's possible maybe God's testing your faith? No, I already failed. There'd be no point in what he's doing to me now. Got something. Looks like intercostal neuralgia. What's that? Something's traumatizing one of the nerves that runs along your ribs. Explains the chest pain and numbness. Could also cause muscle atrophy. - Does it do anything to the eyes? - Why? What's wrong? Are you seeing jesus again? I'm seeing nothing. My right eye went blind. Ophthalmological exam's normal. Nothing structurally wrong with the eye. His heart rate's down. Sensory loss is becoming more diffuse, progressive muscle weakness - He's shutting down. - It's got to be systemic, like autoimmune. - CSF was clear for guillain-barre. - Cancer? Imaging studies have been clear for tumors. Then that leaves infection. He'd be brimming with white blood cells. Or we are at the backstage door of a Duran Duran concert. Hundreds of screaming girls clustered around. - What does that mean? - That girls like rock bands. The presence of the fans indicates the presence of the band. Different night... same band, same door. Now there's not a girl in sight. What does that mean? Sorry, I don't speak hair band. They weren't a hair band. They were new romantics. - The band already left? - Nope, the band's still there, still rocking out. When does the absence of the fans not indicate the absence of the band? - When it's 2009. - There aren't any Duran Duran fans. They don't make them anymore. If there's no infection, it's because there aren't any fans, no white cells. You think... his spleen? Why do I bother with these metaphors if I still have to spell it out? Yes, I think it's his spleen. Go get a biopsy. I'll try to get new moon on Monday out of my head. Why are you talking this time? If I quit, will you rehire Foreman? - Why? - He can't find another job. I can. You're willing to make that sacrifice for him? Foreman know about this plan? If he's okay with it, who am I to say no? Hold still. You think it's my spleen? That's what they're testing. So if I happen to cure you, what happens then? You start thinking that God was working through me? This is some sort of miracle? Do you think I'm an idiot? That's what I'm testing. Losing my faith wasn't a choice I made. It happened. It's gone for good. But if it can magically disappear, it can magically reappear, and that's what you're hoping. - Your job... - Sucks. That's my point. You can make more money frapping decafs, and yet you're still ministering to the meek. Why do the Lord's work if the Lord has left the building? I've been with the church my entire adult life. It's my marketable skill. I detect the stink of leftover faith. You want to talk hypocrisy, what about you? You act like you don't care about anyone, but here you are saving lives. Solving puzzles. Saving lives is just collateral damage. Yeah, nice try. You're not looking for somebody to prove you right. I think you're looking for somebody to prove you wrong, to give you hope. You want to believe, don't you? I want to walk out and find myself in a forest of whore trees, but I don't think it's a good idea to tell people to fornicate with fruit. I was just talking about you... not you specifically... whores and hypocrisy. You were right. I don't want you there. It's a special occasion filled with love and acceptance, and the last thing I need is someone there who's filled with loathing and contempt. That's it? You're really not coming? I'm really not coming. You're welcome. Gosh, I feel so grown up. He's obviously just jerking you around, wants to see if you're serious. If you stick it out, I think he'll bring Foreman back. I don't, and even if I'm wrong, I think you should still split up. It's a matter of time before one of you finds the other in bed with another woman. - From the relationship expert. - 12 years and counting. Hey, if you can make it that long, then anyone can. Funny how the 2 people in the room who think relationships are easy are both single. I don't think they're. That's why if you find something that could be good, - you should hang on to it. - Everything could be good. Very lite ever is. His spleen is fine, just some insignificant traces of minor bugs. - Nothing that'd make him sick. - Which minor bugs? Why do people suddenly find religion when they have kids? Fear of the unknown. Cornerstone of faith. I think it makes perfect sense. So it makes sense because it doesn't make sense. The fact that you're railing about it doesn't make a lot of sense. You really got a thing for your boss, huh? I've got a thing for my boss's thing. She doesn't have a thing... per se. I'm big on metaphors. What about you? 29 years of celibacy. What's holding you back now? Who wants a relationship with a priest? Who wants a relationship? It's the holy water. We assumed if it was an infection, it had to be something big and nasty. But he has pneumocystis, a harmless bug that's everywhere and never makes anyone sick, unless they have a compromised immune system. So father Nietzsche has aids. Impossible. I've never had a blood transfusion. I've never done i.v. drugs. I've never had sex. So prove it. Have an aids test. I know I don't have. We can't treat you until we know what it is. A negative result proves nothing. On the off chance it's a false positive, I permanently lose any credibility I have left. - I'd say you just lost that. - I lost that with you a long time ago. - We should start treatment. - We need to be sure. The antiretrovirals could fry his heart, his liver, his kidneys. - I'm willing to take that chance. - Big of you. I'm worried about the kid he molested. We should be getting him tested. - You don't think he already got tested? - Maybe he did, maybe he didn't, But that's a chance I'm not willing to take. Legally, we can't inform sexual partners about Stds. This isn't some middle-aged barfly who likes it bareback. This is an innocent kid who was molested. You want to rub the priest's face in it, - Get him transferred again. - Yeah, heaven forbid, a diddler has job issues. And you get brought up on charges. I've lost enough doctors this week. Treat him for AIDS. I found a job. I didn't know you were looking. Eggers at Mercy says I can start monday. - Why would you... - House says if I go, you can come back. It's been less than two days. Give up on me that fast? You get a job behind my back? You're acting like I'm cheating on you. I said I would handle this. House knew you'd be like this. I guess House knows me better than you do. Too bad I don't go both ways. Good night. Don't you hate when they put the mushrooms underneath the cheese? Your attendance is validating her hypocrisy. If she invited you to a ceremonial lynching, would you go? It would depend on what she was serving. Everyone's a hypocrite. Why are you suddenly so obsessed with Cuddy's particular brand? Just making conversation. Would you rather we go back to talking about mushrooms and cheese? You're the hypocrite! You want to go! You don't resent this baby. You want to be a part of it. Yes, but not until her 16th birthday... - In some states. - This is ridiculous. You two deserve each other. If you want to go, just go and act like a human being. Wow, solid advice. Except for two things. I'm acting like I don't want to go because I don't want to go, and... I am incapable of acting like a human being. Ryan? I'm Dr. Chris Taub. Can we talk? Yeah. What's wrong? In private? Nobody's listening to us here. I work at Princeton Plainsboro hospital. I have some news about Father Daniel Bresson. What about him? We believe he has AIDS. Okay, so? Well... Given the incident four years ago, I think you should be tested, unless you've already done so. How sick is he? Very. Okay. Well, thanks. Have you been tested? And? And it really isn't any of your business. I want my job back. Love, sacrifice, deception, and now betrayal. This is better than a telenovela. - What's going on? - Well... Either Foreman is here, as the two of you discussed, to beg for his job back in exchange for me dumping you. Or... nothing. - You're trying to get me fired? - I'm suggesting you quit and I stay, which is exactly what you suggested last night. - I told Eggers I didn't want the job. - Find another one. Only took you eight hours to find that one. The point is... Why didn't you tell me you were doing this? - Why are you here without me? - you're overreacting. - We'll talk later. - That's what this is about. It's about you taking control. It's about you not being able to handle me saving your ass. And you're not being controlling right now? Who's the controlling bitch now? House, shut up. You never wanted to take that other job. You never wanted to save me. You wanted to offer to save me so you wouldn't feel guilty. You knew I'd say no. That's why you're so mad right now. You're an idiot. Either you can go after her and try and patch things up, or you blow her off and take your old job back. Welcome back. AIDS meds aren't gonna work. If you'd let us do a test, we could stop treating you, or you could stop lying. I know the feeling. BP's climbing. You feeling okay? No, I feel flushed. Ah, I'm burning all over. Ah, my chest. It's not a new symptom. It's just a reaction to the AIDS meds. He reacted by getting worse. Means it's not AIDS. So went Satan forth from the presence of the Lord and smote job sore with boils. You think it's hyper-IGE syndrome? I prefer the colloquial term "job syndrome." Explains the symptoms, and my quote. That's the first thing I checked. IGE levels are normal. Could be some other genetic disorder. Cerebral microtumors could explain the blindness and the hallucinations. We didn't find any tumors. That's why I didn't say "tumors." I said "microtumors." So your explanation doesn't depend on us being major morons, just morons? - We should start genetic testing. - Takes too long. - So we start treatment. - Treatment is surgery. We can't without confirmation. So your position is we can't test and we can't treat? My position is you're wrong. This isn't gonna work. Are you kidding? I've never felt more alive. Conflict breeds creativity. Go run the genetic tests. On it. So now you don't think I have AIDS? I still think it's AIDS. But on the off chance it isn't, We're pursuing other avenues. Ryan. He's... he's dying? We don't know what's wrong with him. - Can I speak to him? - I don't think that's a good idea. Why don't I get you... Come on, Ryan, now's not a good ti... I'm sorry... for everything. I'm sorry. I know. I know. Any second thoughts about Cuddy? Nope. But please, feel free to blather on. Raising a child on her own is scary. She's just doing what you do, what everyone does... Trying to avoid pain. Religion is not the opiate of the masses. Religion is the placebo of the masses. If you're saying she's not a hypocrite... I'm not. I'm trying to give you a rational reason to overlook her hypocrisy so you don't feel like a hypocrite for going. Sorry. Continue. Even if an absolute truth exists, we can't know all of it, and you can't condemn her for recognizing that. Are you eliminating symptoms? We can know everything. This is medicine, not metaphysics. Truth is truth. - it fits. - it doesn't fit. You can't eliminate a symptom. I can if it's not a symptom. Well, what is it? Not a symptom. You're not gonna die. You have Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome. It impairs your immune system, makes you susceptible to all the AIDS stuff without actually having AIDS. And you didn't catch it. You were born with it. Another gift from god. - You sure? - Genetic test should confirm it, but it explains all your symptoms... Toe, chest, eyes, skin. What about my hallucination? Scotch explains that. But that was just a coincidence. Coincidences do happen. That coincidence is what brought me to you in the first place. You promised you wouldn't go there. Einstein said, "coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous." A woman in Florida said, "look, Jesus is on my cheese sandwich." You didn't even want to take my case. You didn't even think I was sick. The fact that I was wrong is not a proof of God. I'm just trying to understand how my life could completely turn around in a single day. Don't worry. Your life will go back to sucking soon enough. Everything that happened to you can be rationally explained. I know. It's just... That's a lot of coincidences. House was right about the priest. Genetic test confirmed it was Wiskott-Aldrich. And I would've discharged him. Everybody would've discharged him, House included. He only took that case as a stall. And yet it was a real case, and he solved it. But by violating his own principles and ignoring the admitting symptoms. Still he somehow got away with it. Saved another life. You want him there tonight. You should tell him. It's cold out there. At least you have shoes that cover your toes. So it's tonight? Bad weather for it, huh? Maybe you'll get lucky. Maybe your sister will decide the roads are...