Mazel tov! This is a great thing, roz. I am so happy for you. Thank you, mrs. Silver. Yonatan is a good man from a good family. I know you chose well for me. I've been blessed. Made by: http://www.ragbear.com Fixed by: SubtitleSource.org Cross-species mating. If you like darwin and the galapagos. Amber and I have a lot in common. She's a cutthroat bitch. You cry over dark victory. Bette davis, another strong, assertive woman. You don't like strong. You don't like assertive. You like needy. She's not dying, is she? Yes. Go away. I give it two months. Hundred bucks. Not really fair. You're not objective. But I'm all about the teaching- we're at four months. You hid this from me? I was wrong, okay? I thought you'd be upset. I thought you'd track me down in hallways- I shouldn't have discounted the sex. </i> She's obviously limber enough to put off the meltdown for two months. She's not needy. I don't need needy. She's scary. Why does scary need pathetic? Are you gonna talk to her? I don't see that I have any choice. You all right with that? No impulse to save her from me?</i> I've broken the pattern, House. Which is why this has a chance. I know you're too suspicious</i> to accept that without getting out your ruler, and your calipers, and your scanning equipment, so... Go ahead. Get it out of your system. 38-Year-old female with loss of bladder control, blood in her urine, and a broken leg</i> from collapsing at her wedding. Ampicillin for the uti. Shiny cast for the leg. You guys know Wilson's dating Amber? No. Wilson and Amber? I knew. I asked her out. Said she'd just started seeing someone. Cultures were negative for utis. </i> No signs of previous trauma or stds. - Kidney cancer. - Ct was clean for tumors and kidney stones. I thought Amber scared you guys. She does. But she also has legs that go all the way up to canada. So do canadians-doesn't mean I wanna date one. Her sodium's low-could be endometriosis in the bladder. Low sodium could also be from low food. Hasidic jews fast on their wedding day. Or sodium was absorbed by a toxin already in her system. Was it just the legs, or did you detect something resembling a soul? She grew on me. If there's a toxin in her, could be carbolic acid. I'm talking about the patient now. That much carbolic acid, someone would have had to poison her. Could have been a cossack- if this was 18th century poland and cossacks were into Household cleansers. Which is why it's more likely that the poisoner was poisonee. Suicide's a sin. Corollary of "people lie" is "people sin. " And in my world, people includes jews. She was getting married. Hasidic women marry young so they can start pushing out little hasidilings. 38 Means a woman not on anyone's hot list being pushed onto a guy who's not on anyone's hot list. No way out, no way out. Endometriosis fit's better than an epiphany that her life is meaningless. We should start her on a. I. S and do a cystoscopy to confirm. Fine, check her innards for bad cells and her home for bad karma. Carbolic acid should be on the shelf right next to the regret and the self-loathing. These people are crazy. Yeah. She should be self-hating. I'm not self-hating. I hate religious people who are out of touch with reality. You only marry someone you met three times if they're carrying a little mistake. What's their divorce rate? Cleaners are all organic. Nothing with carbolic acid. You like how they hook up? Romance is just emotional foreplay. Candlelight meals, flowers. It's as much a ritual as anything these people do. Why not go with someone who's pre-vetted,</i> shares the same values? Cut to the quick. Values may give you the big picture,</i> but time together gives you the little picture-</i> does she chew her food too loud?</i> Will she leave you alone during the final four?</i> You commit to something deeper, you let the little surprises slide. Surprises kill- which is why I only commit when there are no more surprises. And you have no more surprises for your wife. Do you think this came up on date number two? You ever heard of a hasidic jew into hard rock? She's listed as a producer on all of these. Where there's rock and roll, and sex... Usually, there's drugs. I'm baal teshuvah. I became hasidic about six months ago. And before six months ago? Music business isn't exactly known for it's holiness. Heroin. But I have been clean for months. Yonatan knows. The broad strokes. He never actually asks the details. Says what's important is the person that I am now, not the person I was then. How do you go all the way from- just took a class. Then I took another class. And you just completely left the music business? Pop music is considered frivolous. Same reason we don't watch tv or go to movies. Your drug use may have caused some long term damage. We're gonna need to take a hair sample</i> to test for latent toxins. So you can never watch star wars again. </i> You figured that I'll hire you if you promise to dump Wilson. - How did you- - Wilson had a key. You figure that I'll make your life hell at first,</i> but I'll eventually see how good you are and keep you. It's a good plan, don't you think? Perfectly tailored to your personality. No, it's not. You know it's not. Means you just wanna stay in my orbit. </i> 'Cause you figure I'll eventually realize that I made a mistake and you're gonna be able to rub my face in it. I can't wait. It's gonna be awesome. No, it's not. And you know it's not. 'Cause you know that even if I made a mistake,</i> I'd never admit that I made a mistake. </i> Which means that you're just toying with Wilson to toy with me. Your goal is pure feral vengeance. Innocent bystander, but there's a greater good. No, that's not it. Because a bag of flaming poop bypasses the bystander. So... Which is it, House? Am I in this for you... Or am I in this for him? Give him back his sweatshirt. Pit stains don't become you. Treatment had no effect. Rules out endometriosis. And her hair sample was negative for residue drugs. This woman lived in the fast lane till six months ago. Maybe we're missing something. She admitted drug use. Doubt she's holding out on her days as an asbestos miner. Cryoglobulinemia might account for the symptoms. Except for the one you missed. There's no change in her condition. I'm not talking about a new symptom. I'm talking about one that presented six months ago. Look, she's nuts, but we can't just give her 10 ccs of atheism and send her home. Religion is a symptom of irrational belief and groundless hope. Altered mental status, on the other hand, is a symptom of porphyria. She didn't develop uncontrollable anger, crying, anxiety. She just decided to go to temple. The woman didn't just choose to keep kosher. </i> She went directly to the extremes of hasidism, a life of stringent rules. She became a masochist. She didn't like her old life, so she changed it. People don't change. They want to. They need to. Taub gave up a six figure plastic surgery career for this job. That mean he has porphyria? He switched jobs to save his marriage. He did it to avoid change. He's right. You don't suddenly choose crazy</i> without suddenly being crazy. No, no, if she walked away from everything to go base jumping or live with apes, we wouldn't be having this discussion. We would if she was also tinkling blood out of her overexcited bladder. Pump hadassah full of hematin and give her a phlebotomy. Bloodletting? Porphyria is a rare genetic disorder</i> that causes an overproduction of a certain protein. Draining the blood relieves- the hair test for damage from drugs showed she has a rare genetic disease? Not-not exactly. We're testing her now to confirm. You're treating it before you confirm it? Blood test results take 24 hours. </i> You must have seen something that makes you suspect it. Dr. House has a theory. A theory based on what? We'd like a different doctor. I assure you that dr. House is our best- then we will settle for second-best, someone who doesn't think my wife is sick just because she's religious. If you prefer, I can give your wife my second-best diagnosis. Do you know Wilson's dating Amber? I have reviewed the chart. Someone on your team must have pointed out that cryoglobulinemia also fit's the symptoms. Yes, it fit's many of the symptoms. </i> My wife's body is sick. Her mind and soul are fine. You live according to god's 600 commitments, right? 613. You understand them all? Takes a lifetime of learning... But you follow the ones you don't understand because the ones you do understand make sense, and you believe the guy who created them knows what he's doing. Of course. So you will trust my diagnosis and you'll let me treat her, because in this temple, I am dr. Yahweh. </i> I want a new doctor. I'm starting her on indomethacin for cryoglobulinemia. People don't change. For example, I'm gonna keep repeating people don't change. So alcoholics that successfully go through treatment don't exist. They're still alcoholics. If they never take a drink as long as they live, it's only 'cause they didn't live long enough. If you're dissatisfied with your life, changing it is a symptom of mental health. I get why that concept is strange to you. O2 sats are 85. She's hypoxic. We might need to intubate. </i> What's wrong with her? It's definitely not cryoglobulinemia. Better ask him. We kept her on oxygen overnight. </i> Her respiratory rate stabilized, and her o-sat's back up to 95. I saw Amber drop off Wilson this morning. Yes, the male always drives the female. So what caused the breathing problem? Pulmonary involvement rules out porphyria. She kiss him or he kiss her? I missed it. The lab tech with the tongue stud also pulled up. Wegener's would explain her elevated sed rate. Wegener's wouldn't explain the changed mental status. Actually, we've been trying to ignore that part of the whiteboard. I wrote it in black. I'm always serious when I use black. - Lupus would explain- - maybe she didn't change. Are you agreeing with me or you making a point? I'm making a point. That's gonna take longer. How do we know that the real roz</i> isn't who she is now and who she was then? Can't we say that her previous life was true</i> without making her present one a fraud? "Life is messy" argument. Nice. Explains everything without explaining anything. </i> If it's lupus, there's a heart problem we don't know about yet. Run her through a stress test. If she has a heart attack, I'm right. Or we could wait, hope that- you're afraid to give her a heart attack. Of course we're afraid- no reason to be afraid. Unless you think I'm right. It's wegener's. But we'll have the crash cart just in case. Oh, my god! What are you guys doing here? I had a sudden yen for fusion. I put a different restaurant in my date book. I'm firing my assistant. That's okay. Hi, greg. And I call you greg because we're now social equals. I call you cutthroat bitch... Well, quod erat demonstrandum. </i> And I speak in latin because I don't try to hide what an ass I am. I assume you'd like to join us? It'll be easier to observe our interaction if you're at the same table. If we ever get seated. Excuse me. No, no, i, uh- we've been waiting for ... Any minute now, she's gonna hit him in the face with your testicles. She tends to treat e- she tends to treat every event like it's the last copter out of saigon. She's the anti-Wilson. She's a force for evil. She has an annoying quality. Perhaps even two. If I was perfect, I would date perfect. You like that! It's annoying, but she's good at it. Wait a second. This isn't just about the sex. You like her personality. You like that she's conniving. You like that she has no regard for consequences. You like that she can humiliate someone if it serves- oh, my god. You're sleeping with me. I need you to go faster, roz. A little harder. I am going harder, damn it. What if dr. House was right? And roz did make a radical change? Lupus is chronic but treatable. And with the treatment, it'd undo the change? She'll be the way she was before I knew her? I don't think it's likely. Then you don't know for sure. You'd find someone else. There isn't someone else. You've had three dates. How long have you been married? 12 Years. And is she the one? We wouldn't still be together if she weren't. I love her as much now as the day- well, you should love her more. </i> The more you know someone, the more you should love them. Okay, that's enough, roz. Okay, your heart's as strong as a battleship. Does this mean dr. House was wrong?</i> Oh! Oh, my leg! Heart's strong enough to prove you wrong about the change in mental status. Only proves this isn't lupus. Just as the leg pain proves it isn't wegener's. Leg pain can be from nerve entrapment. We're thinking blood clot. Do an mri to look for the clot. Then do an fmri. - An mri alone ... - If the clot hasn't dissolved. An fmri can show signs of near-ischemic stroke in post-ischemic parts of the brain. - Give me ten bucks. - No. I missed lunch. - I thought you went- - I missed lunch. Good symmetrical activity in both hemispheres. Caudal structures look okay. She hasn't changed? Sex, drugs, rock and roll,</i> the 600 rules of god are all in there somewhere. We oversimplify people. It's how the human mind works. </i> Everything's on or off. </i> Everything's got a category. You don't like it. You don't wanna be oversimplified. Roz, move your right leg. No one can describe themselves in ten words. Why would we want to hear anyone else do it? So you keep it a mystery. No categories if no one knows anything. Do you think maybe you're oversimplifying me now? No. I'm sure you have many reasons to keep yourself a mystery, besides the fact that you're bisexual. Uh... Denial would have worked before the long, vacant stare. Roz, move your left leg just an inch. People who have a problem with boxes are people who don't fit in them. You've been working for House for a long time. No need for name calling. I would ask if this was gonna be lunchtime gossip, but lucky for me- I don't give a damn. How's our mental yentl? Mri shows no sign of clots. Fmri shows no problem areas. </i> Go restart her iv. - What's wrong with it? - Nothing. But like so many procedures we put patients through, it hurts. Which, if she's enjoying it, will show up in pretty colors. This is why you wanted an fmri? It showed she didn't have a blood clot, which is diagnostically relevant. </i> And it can show if she's become a masochist- also diagnostically relevant. And it'll be cool. Either will explain which part of my analysis makes sense. Or go do it. It isn't cool. I'm sorry. Heavens. Look at her limbic system. </i> Pleasure centers are lighting up like a hanukah bush. </i> Foreman must have a touch like an elephant. Okay, roz. We've got what we need. Yes, it was impressive. Roz. You all right? I'm sorry. I was praying. All through the procedure? No. When dr. Foreman apologized, I knew something bad was gonna happen. She was praying. Could explain the brain activity. </i> Bp, nd heart rate are dropping. She's crashing. She's stabilizing. Get her up. All the way up. On her feet. Make her do that again. We started her on fludrocortisone and ephedrine. It's planet of the apes. Apes are the humans, humans are the apes. It's wacky wednesday, opposite day. </i> When you stand up, your bp and heart rate are supposed to go up, not- got it. So what causes bloody urine, loss of bladder control, leg pain, altered mental status, and pressure-blood in direction-wrong? Pheochromocytoma. Low catecholamines in the urine means no pheochromocytoma in the jewess. Could be systemic sclerosis. Mental status. She was praying. She was in pain. You no longer think she's crazy? I can see why she'd be attracted to that life. You drank the manishevitz-flavored kool-aid. I'm not saying I agree. I'm just saying- that there's a rational basis for the irrational. They have something we don't have. Imaginary friends. If the toaster's not working, wiring could be bad. Which debate is that metaphor supposed to help us with? Electrical problem in the heart. Arrhythmia messes with the blood flow when she stands,</i> causes low bp and heart rate. Could also impact mental status. Everybody's happy. Run an ep study of her heart. Find where the wiring's verklempt. </i> Went by your hotel this morning. They told me you moved out. Moved in with c. B. ? No, apparently, I moved in with you. The very fact that you're resisting my insight proves to me- House, you're right. Why not? Why not date you? It's brilliant. We've known each other for years, we've put up with all kinds of crap from each other, and we keep coming back. We're a couple. Are we still speaking metaphorically? Amber is exactly what I need</i> and you would agree if you weren't mired in self-loathing topped with a thin crust of megalomania. Hey. That's my best friend's girl you're talking about. I was wrong. House, you're right. She's not me. Well, she is me. But that's not why she's attractive. She's a needy version of me. Hard to imagine such a mythical creature. You started seeing her right after I fired her. I started seeing her four months ago. She told kutner it was four weeks. You lied to me. There was money on the line. Because I knew how you'd react, and I knew you wouldn't pay me anyway. You knew that I was right. She wasn't needy. She was in a... Bad situation. There's a difference. Not to your libido. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Why are you doing this? Every time I agree with you, you find a new argument. What are you trying to avoid? Well, if you'd looked at me with those flashing eyes before I was involved... C'est la vie. And... I use the french because... You're an ass. Right atrium normal, no arrhythmia. You can become a d'har master. Does that require further explanation? Right ventricle normal. In college, I was really into science fiction- not like the guys with the $600 prosthetic ears who could swear in romulan, that was embarrassing to the rest of us who just thought it was good, smart literature. Went to one convention. By senior year, I was d'har master in the klingon empire. I'm not gonna become hasidic. I'm not even gonna become slightly more reformed. Coronary sinus normal. You can't have your eyes opened to something and not act on it. I haven't had my eyes opened. I just... Don't think they're crazy anymore. Then they have something to offer. She's living proof that sane people can make radical changes. </i> But House, he thinks that he can bully- no loshon hora. I'm sorry? I think she's telling you to stop deflecting. No loshon hora. Evil tongue. Gossip. It's okay. Thanks to the sedative, you won't remember it. Words are permanent. Someday you'll say something that you'll wish you could take back. This bundle's normal. Pathways are all clean. No arrhythmias. If the toaster doesn't work and the wiring in the House is fine, problem's gotta be in the city's power grid. Autonomic nerve disorder could be riley-day syndrome. Congratulations on your wedding. You have a rare and incurable degenerative disease. I'll set up for a thermoregulatory sweat test. She's a bisexual. What? I could hear them talking from inside the mri. Hear who? I heard the word sex. - It was interesting. - What was interesting?</i> It doesn't matter. We're doctors. We never know what's gonna matter. She said sex. If she wants to tell you when she wakes up... Yeah, these people aren't gonna change you at all. I need you to sleep with Wilson. Good morning. He's involved with an inappropriate woman. His people are sheepherders and Amber's are cattlemen? He's combining two of his worst qualities- his love for me and his love for need. As administrator of this hospital,</i> you have to save your star oncologist. Wish I could help, but as administrator, there are some people in accounting I'm scheduled to sleep with first. Wilson has a pattern with women. He saves them, then he betrays them,</i> which then causes guilt... Which then causes him to go save somebody else. For example, a hospital bureaucrat nearing 40 who has no personal life. I suggest you go braless. I get that "sleep with" is your way of saying I should talk to him? No. I really mean sleep with. You're not worried you're worried it'll succeed. That Wilson will no longer be at your beck and call 24/7. That your best friend will change. People don't change just because they wish they could. And it bugs you that he wishes he could! You'll never lose your friend, House. You're the long-distance runner of neediness. As the chAmber heats up, roz's body temperature should also rise,</i> making her sweat and turning the powder purple. No change in color means no sweating, which means her central nervous system is damaged. I shouldn't see her like this. We could have a diagnosis as soon as she comes out of the chAmber. It might be better if you stayed. It's disrespectful. I'm sure sure she imagined the first time her husband would see her</i> bare like this would be celebrating the marriage. Given the circumstances, I think roz would sacrifice modesty to have you with her. Please. Don't do that. What? I think it's nice that you're here. - I think- - you think it's sweet... That I care for her modesty, but that it's archaic and ultimately irrelevant. Our traditions aren't just blind rituals. They... They mean something. They have purpose. I respect my wife. And I respect her body. Her body temperature's stopped climbing. What's going on? She's having a seizure! We need a crash cart! Blankets too! She's freezing. She was supposed to sweat and she froze. </i> Return to the planet of the apes. </i> Hypothermia caused the seizure. What caused the hypothermia? It could be an infection. Her white blood cell count was fine. </i> When she was admitted. She could have picked something up here. Complication on a complication? Body's doing the opposite of what it's supposed to. Her body's Wilson. How do we respond to that? We accept that he's happy. We do the opposite. So you want us to what, send the patient home? Infection... Means that something's been added to the body, something that should be expelled. What's the opposite of that? Something missing from the body. Could be an enzyme or a hormone. Cortisol. Could be addison's. It fit's. Every symptom. I'll run a cortisol stimulation test. Are you sure she doesn't wanna just take you back to her lair, hang you upside down, and deposit her eggs in you? Excellent disguise, House. You two are really that serious? She's pretty. She's funny. - Maybe she's a little more... - Evil? Aggressive than you'd expect from me. But I'm happy. Can't I just enjoy what that feels like for a while? How many people have looked at you trustingly while you gave them a fatal prognosis, but you knew it was kinder to tell them the truth? Amber compulsively looks out for number one. You compulsively look out for the person that you're with. Your needs are gonna feed her needs until all that's left is a Wilson chalk outline on the floor. Sorry. Wow! That cortisol stuff is great. Does it work on everything? I take it you're feeling better. Oh, still weak. But yeah. You must be so tired. You should go home and get some sleep. I'll stay. I never told you, but you are much better looking than mrs. Silver led me to expect. She never liked me. When I was eight, I threw up on her shoes at my uncle's wedding. Your abdomen's a little swollen. Mm? Is it serious? It's hard to say. Sometimes it can mean a liver issue. - We'll have to test. - Oh... Oh, dizziness is getting- she's going into shock. I need another liter of saline. Type and cross two unit's. What's happening to her? She's bleeding internally. She's saying the shema. She thinks she's dying. The mri shows you're bleeding internally, but not where it's coming from. The blood can only keep you stable for so long. Our best option is to open you up and search. But you can fix it? If we find the leak. You find the bleeding, you find the disease? No. But it could keep you alive long enough so dr. House can find what's wrong with you. No. I don't want to have the surgery... It's the only chance you've got. I don't want to have the surgery until after sunset. I'm probably gonna die anyway. I just wanna share one shabbat with my husband. Roz, please. The torah commands us to preserve life. I waited 38 years to find what I wanted. I can wait another eight hours. I'll leave the rest to god, okay? I had a rabbi call. She's adamant. She's not a masochist. She's suicidal. Nice work, chase. Yeah. I should have had twin rabbis call. Can I go? We need you. So instead of a few days we now have a few hours to figure this out. - Nice work, chase. - Why do you need me? Saying, "nice work, chase" when you're not here is pointless. Seriously, we need you. We should x-ray for malformations of the rib that could cause arterial twisting. Malformations don't cause bloody urine. She's not suicidal. She made a commitment to a new life with her husband</i> and she wants one meaningful experience in that life. - She just met the guy. - Taub just met her. </i> And he's already so in love, he's ready to let her die and take her back to the home planet</i> for a burial in the lava sea of tormiad. It's who he might be. She's connecting with all the years she's not gonna have. Better way of connecting to those years is to actually have them. You want more time? Joshua got god to make the sun stand still. No reason god can't speed it up. And, by god, I of course mean you. Told you we needed you. It's sundown, roz. We're taking you back to your room for your candlelight dinner. Ready? One, two three. It's too early. Your sense of time is off because of the medication. Good shabbos, roz. So you pray, scarf down some challah, then we can do this? You wanted to see me?</i> And you came. I feel pretty confident it'll be something interesting. Solvis case and the job is yours. Is there a "drop Wilson" clause attached to this? Standard contract all employees sign. Why do you have to believe I have an ulterior motive? For the same reason I believe that crack whores can have sex for crack. All my life I thought I had to choose between love and respect. And I chose respect. And with Wilson... I know what it's like to have both. And that beats a fellowship. Could be d. I. C. You've changed. I hope so. Normal platelet count rules out d. I. C. Good try though. I read that a hydatid cyst could- would affect the lungs, not the bladder. Tested her white cell count again. Normal. How long till we get to cut her open? When I left, he was still singing eshet something. </i> The husband's blessing of his wife. Woman of valor. "Strength and honor are her clothing. She laughs at the future. " Because she's an idiot. Volvulus of the small intestine could cause bleeding. She would have had constipation. Her value isn't "beyond pearls" either. 'Cause dead people have no value. Polycythemia vera. Rbc count would be higher. I need to bring the light to my face. Thrombocytopenia. If it's autoimmune- titers were normal. Parkinson's would explain the hypothermia. Not the bloody urine. The woman's not just a masochist, she's a hypocrite. The commandment to preserve life comes before all others. Actually means she's not a masochist. </i> She's not following all the rules,</i> just the ones that please her. Right, she walked in crazy and explained how ritual trumps living, and you decide it's a beautiful lifestyle. I know. She's wrong. But if there's nothing more- then the only meaning is here. But if she thinks god is there for her, if she lives her life believing that god is there- then she dies. Things aren't where we want them to be just because we want them to be there. Of course, that doesn't mean they're where they should be. Hey! Stop that jew. Chase hates working on shabbos. </i> Gonna make this easier for him. Stand her up. She doesn't do so well on her feet. Neither do I. Stand her up. </i> You can tell all the ladies at the mikvah about this. </i> What did you do? What are you doing? Put your hand here. Press hard. You have nephroptosis. Also known as "floating kidney. "</i> The kidney's like a chandelier. It's attached to a ceiling of intestines and blood vessels. But your contractor- think you know who he is- he hung it with a cheap chain. It's been hanging sloppy for years. Finally something shook it loose. After that, every time you stood,</i> your kidney dropped a few centimeters, caused all your symptoms. None of the scans picked it up. Because we do scans with patients lying down. She'd have been lying down in surgery too. </i> Never have found it. Good chance she'd never come out. She'll be all right? Ultrasound to confirm, then tell chase to put the kidney back on the shelf. The bleed will be nearby. That's... It? Mazel tov. Couple hours surgery, you'll be ready to push out those 14 children. You do it both ways, right? What? The ultrasound-you do it standing up and lying down. What else would I mean? I've decided you could do worse than a female proxy for me. So you're going to acknowledge that people can change? No. You think I have changed or Amber's changed? Nope. Then you've changed. If you do change, can it be the part of you that chases me down halls, trying to change me? Do you know what this means? That you made one go dating choice. The fabric of the space/time continuum could unravel. My world could expand. I could form a long-term connection that isn't with you. And since you put the darkest possible construction on everything, you could end up losing a friend. You've thought of all this. And yet... You're going along with it. Are you being... Self-sacrificing? I'll sacrifice a lab rat, I'll sacrifice a fly, and I'll sacrifice $200 on a mudder at monmouth park.