You're operating on my sister. And my fiancee. You're drunk. You could kill her. It's the only way to stop my hands from shaking. I need to drink... for Anna. What about... our baby? Our... baby? Brock? Oh, my god! Brock? Are you okay? Brock, speak to me! Oh, my god! I-i think he's really hurt. Cut! Oh... that was scary. I thought for a second you were really... You're gonna be the only one in the world who did. This is ridiculous. - That was great, evan. - No, it wasn't. It was crap. - The fans are gonna love it. - The fans are crap. I'm crap. This whole damn show is crap! Sorry, not your fault. Where are you going? My apartment's on the west side. Excuse me, you need to go the other way. Hey, did you hear what i said? What the hell's going on here? What do you want? An autographed picture would be nice. Oh... and i'm also gonna save your life. TS: ragbear.com Synchro: ShalimarFox, Icefre@k Transcript : ydy.com Synchro : ShalimarFox, IceFreak You might want to think about repositioning the crosswalk. It's technically not a violation, but the closer they are to the entrance, the more likely they are to be used. Makes sense. I actually wasn't expecting you till next month. Yeah, that's the problem with planned visits. Administrators plan for them. So the most recent new jersey hospital accreditation requirements. Yeah, i'm familiar with- Who is that? I have no idea. Shall we get started? Just let me go. I won't press charges. Forget the whole thing. That's probably true. Seeing as how you have a brain tumor. You're that nutjob doctor that keeps calling my publicist. Actually, i'm the nutjob head of diagnostic medicine. I run every day. I don't get headaches. I'm fine. If you don't mind... actually, i do mind. I don't care if you die, but if Brock Sterling dies, Anna never finds out he's the father of marie's baby. - Help! - Help! We're gonna need a wheelchair! Here. Look, in the last month, Your average line reading has slowed from 2.1 seconds to 2.9. You're pausing more. Always at the same intervals.</i> Every seven to nine words. Which means you're having trouble reading one side of the teleprompter. Which means it's a peripheral vision problem. Which means a tumor in your occipital lobe. Just one test. If there's nothing wrong, i'll take you right back home. Make it cab fare. I don't want you anywhere near my house. Just put it in my spot. The accreditation board is here to protect us and our patients. So in dealing with the on-site inspector, please behave as if it wasn't also An enormous pain in the ass. Thank you. Chase, Foreman, Cameron, up here, please. - Why is house driving a limo? - Don't know. - Don't have to know. - Don't... care? Wrong! Until this inspection is over, you're back on house watch.</i> - Current case, past cases. - He doesn't have a current case. I have a whole department. - Are you gonna fire us if we don't? - I was just asking for your help. The last time i checked the e. r., you had the best-kept charts in the building.</i> The last time i checked the fourth floor janitor's closet, i found house's charts. He hasn't filed anything since you left. House may not care whether this hospital's accreditation gets downgraded. The people who sign my paychecks do. So i repeat, current, past. He doesn't have a current case. Did he tell you about the limo? So i just press this button every time i see a light? It tells me where your blind spots are. So... The twins. They're gonna turn out to be yours, aren't they? I told you i can't talk about that stuff. But you want to be done with this, right? One's mine, one's julio's. I knew it! Julio knocked her up before her appendix burst you got her after. How can you watch that stuff? 'Cause it's awesome. It's preposterous. Not one real moment since i've been on the show. As opposed to shows that represent the world exactly the way it is, like... I can't think of any. What's going on? The hospital is being inspected, and cuddy dispatched you to keep an eye on me. I just parked a town car in an ambulance bay. And instead of ripping me one, cuddy acted like she didn't know me.</i> It's either an inspection or an aneurysm.</i> What's the test say? As i suspected. You have significant losses in the upper right quadrant of your visual field. - Are you serious? - No, it's a joke. Two guys go into a bar, and one has significant losses in the upper right quadrant of his visual field. And the other one says, "you're gonna need an MRI to confirm the type and location of the tumor." That readout says his vision's fine. - No, it doesn't. - Yes, it does.</i> You lied to me? I kidnapped you. You're surprised that i lied to you? It just means that the symptoms are intermittent. You come near me again, i'm calling the police. You kidnapped him? It's sweet that i haven't lost the ability to surprise you. Are you mocking me? My back. My back is killing me. Don't care. Busy. Amber's damn mattress. Well, that sucks. Don't buy a new one. Are you being sarcastic? Because we are buying one. She's incapable of doing anything that matters without turning it into a zero-sum game. We're buying a mattress for us. I'm faster than you right now. It's all about her and whatever hapless salesman wanders into her sights. She's gonna lie, steal, and trade your testes to get whatever she wants. Hold on, i've just gotta do something before he dials the second "1." You're going to end up humiliated, holding her purse, and going home to sleep on a new mattress you hate. What the hell are you doing? He needs an MRI. Give me one-millimeter slices from the cortex down. Any particular reason you decided to sedate a patient for a procedure that's completely painless? The guy has a history of violent outbursts during surgical procedures. Yeah, on tv. It's evan greer. He's the main stud on house's soap. Frontal cortex looks clean. No tumors. Increase the magnification on the occipital lobe. You watch because you like or because i like? I was unemployed, and I... Sorry. That's not an answer. That's an apology. If we are ever to come out of the darkness, we have to be proud. Occipital, frontal, temporal lobes are clean. So is the optic nerve.</i> Definitely no tumors. He's fine? And... awake. What should we tell him? See if you can talk him out of suing me. He kidnapped me! He drugged me! Perhaps you should go out the back way. I'm not going anywhere you people tell me to go. It's just someone of your fame I- I figured fans- You're trying to hide me. You don't want me making a scene. The hospital's being inspected today. - And you want me to do you a favor? - Not us.</i> Our dean of medicine. And house hates her. You'd be doing house a favor by complaining. Oh... This hospital is staffed with lunatics and criminals! Excuse me, where's dr. Cuddy? It's my foot. - What did he do to me? - What did house do? Nothing. I was with him the whole time. It's numb. I can't feel it. Oh! I can't walk. Foot numbness has a huge differential. It gets a lot narrower when you add in peripheral vision problems. Which gets a lot wider when there's no proof he ever had a vision problem. House was wrong about the first symptom, but the guy just happened to develop a second unrelated symptom a few hours later? He already kidnapped and sedated the guy against his will.</i> Makes sense he'd also do something to numb his foot so he couldn't leave. But it doesn't make sense to include a symptom that he caused in a differential he's so desperate to solve. - Unless he didn't mean to cause it. - Stick to the filing, sweetheart. Let the doctors do the doctoring. Either toxins or vitamin deficiency. I'm guessing when you drugged him you didn't catch him</i> and ease him to the floor. He could've pinched a nerve in his ankle when he fell. You need to run an EMG test for motor nerve entrapment</i> or the inspector will own your ass. Kutner, leave the room. Wait 30 minutes. And come back and tell her the test was negative. Is it okay if i use that time to do the test? Get out of here. And the rest of them can help me with all this stuff. They're busy. Which is really annoying 'cause i wanted to be able to say that they're busy for no other reason than to screw with you. Research. So the nutjob was right. Usually is. He said i was dying. He's wrong a lot too. That's why we do these tests. I bet it's pretty cool, you know, being the star of a hit tv show.</i> It's a daytime soap. It pretty much puts me one step above dinner theater. Come on. You're on tv every day. And who cares what the critics think? Women love soaps. You get to take pride in your job... For good when you go home at night. You're entertaining people. I don't care. Well, you've made a strange career choice. Look, i'm pandering. I want to be a part of something that inspires people. So quit. Find something inspiring and do it. It's not that easy. Why not? Just isn't. It's my heart, doctor. It's racing. I'm sure it's nothing. You're a healthy woman, Marie. Shouldn't you examine me? Why don't you have Rico do it? You can't tell me you didn't notice that pause. Sorry. She's never waking up. This is a whole new experience in super hi-def. I had no idea Marie wore an underwire. Does sound a little forced. Could be stiffening in his tongue which is a symptom of myxedema. That's not the tongue, it's the dialogue. I think i dated that nurse though. No. What about the way he's holding that stethoscope? His thumb and forefinger are meeting at an odd angle.</i> Could be demyelination from toxic exposure. Back it up. What's this, the av club? It's diagnostic. - Everything's under control. - Yeah. Excellent job so far. House, outside. Keep watching. You'll never guess what rico's got in that box. Rico doesn't even know i'm alive. You have an obsession with an actor or the character he plays. I feel for you. You need to work it out. But I need you to do it when the hospital's accreditation and my job are not on the line. You want the star of the hottest daytime drama on tv to die in your hospital? No, I want you to cure him without committing any more felonies. I can't do my job if you're gonna tie my hands like that. 51 weeks out of the year, I let you run around like a monkey in a banana factory. All I'm asking is that you tone it down for a few days. - I want that tv. - We're not bargaining. You want something. Either you're bargaining or you're begging. Me keeping my job is good for you. Yes, but it's better for you. I just want us to be equally happy. EMG was negative for nerve entrapment. Means the foot's a real symptom. Could be vitamin deficiency. Or a toxin. Or atherosclerosis. Or a toxin. Why is toxin a better idea? Might not be. We'll know after i'm finished searching his set and dressing room for... medically relevant stuff. Gotta go. Need a decision. You're not gonna cut your own throat. Yeah, that sounds like me. Test for heavy metals, organics, biotoxins, and search the home. I like the pillow top. I like this one. Great taste. That model's top of the line.</i> - How much is it? - $1,999. It's a great price. What about that's too rich for us. I don't know, you think... Honey, we can't afford that. Not with a baby on the way. Congratulations. Your first? Yes. - How about i knock 100 bucks off? - maybe throw in free delivery.</i> Money's really tight right now. I'm a law clerk and my husband just got laid off. He has an interview today. Wish him luck. Good luck. Fingers crossed. We might be able to afford $1,500. Well, i- i'd have to check with my manager.</i> Thanks. I appreciate it. Hold this, would you? 911 from work. Better go. So am i getting the hard mattress, or do i have to go to my job interview? Whatever mattress you want. I'm fine either way. You-really? Really. Just as long as i get to help you break it in. Pack your manhood on ice. Maybe the hospital can reattach it. You were so wrong. She's letting me choose. "You choose" does not mean "you choose." Really? Sounded like you choose. I suppose it's possible she meant house is so, so wrong. It's a trap. It means if you love me, you'll buy the one i want. Amber doesn't do passive-aggressive. People who do aggressive don't like to limit themselves. Could a leaky space heater cause vision problems and numbness? He'd have gotten better at the hospital. It's not a trap. Did i hear a question mark at the end of that sentence? House, look, she's- gotta go. Manager says i can do that price. The gin bottles are all gifts from fans. Brock sterling drinks it on the show, but evan doesn't drink at all. He's on this whole health kick right now. Fruits, nuts... Did you take those from his dressing room? No. You're not gonna marry Brock, are you? We've been waiting four years for him to make it official with Anna. Are you really a doctor? Glioblastoma. Need more proof? So no toxins on the set. How about his regular life? Unusual hobbies? Unsavory friends? No. I've been out with him. He's as vanilla as they come. And by "out" you mean... Well, i asked him on a date last month. We went out a few times, but we weren't right for each other. Too small or too large? Is that medically relevant? I'm a doctor, and it's relevant to me, so yes. We never got that far. We made out a while, and then he just said he should go home. He's a real gentleman. Now that'd be interesting. He's impotent. Steady diet of sunflower seeds causes a b6 toxicity, which causes an autonomic dysregulation, which causes a wood-free existence. One bad night and a couple of sunflower seeds, and he's got autonomic dysregulation? It's more than just one. He can't even remember the last time he was able to salute. - It's cool? - B6 wouldn't show up on a tox screen. And we didn't find anything at the house. All we have to do is filter the b6 out of his blood. Prep him for plasmapheresis. Just because he didn't salute doesn't mean he can't. And can you find out where that voice keeps coming from? Tell it to get out of my head. The impotence could be psychological. He's depressed. Hates his job. Plasmapheresis has risks. We should have spend the night at sleep lab, see if he gets a reflex erection. Confirmation is for wimps and altar boys. We don't need to Wait for a reflex. If he can't get engorged the way god intended, he can't get engorged. I'm not showing him my boobs. Lack of response to your chest tells us nothing. Thirteen, show him... Where can i find a decent set of knockers around here? Your porn's in the second drawer. All set. Heart monitor, blood pressure monitor, and the one on his junk. This is humiliating. We're gonna close the blinds to give you some privacy. The instruments will let us monitor your response. I don't get this guy. He has the coolest gig ever, but he's miserable about it. He figures quitting won't do him any good. Figures he'd be unhappy anywhere. Our circumstances affect whether you're pretty happy in this job, right? Sure. Have you ever had a job where you were miserable? I once sold men's fragrances in a department store. And were you miserable? The pay was awful. It was a miserable job, but you weren't miserable. So what about you? You happy? Not particularly. Heart rate and bp are climbing. Got some activity on the tumescence monitor as well. There's nothing wrong with his naughty. It's not b6 toxicity. Did he just finish? Sometimes, when you haven't, you know, for awhile, you... His heart rate's through the roof. 220 and climbing. He's headed for cardiac arrest. We shocked his heart back into sinus rhythm. He's stable, at least for now. Could be some sort of atypical septic reaction. Not without a fever. Thus the word atypical. In that case, it could be an atypical bunion. He used to smoke. Could be paraneoplastic syndrome caused by small cell lung cancer. Quit 20 years ago, and his calcium levels are normal. Could be graves disease. Extreme hyperthyroidism leads to systemic problems, including numbness, vision loss, and cardiac arrest. You want to be here. I have to be here. Just say the word, i'll fire thirteen. Just sign the forms. Smart move. I was bluffing. She's right. We should fry the thyroid before it fries him. I know it's more exciting this way, but shouldn't we confirm you're right before destroying one of the most important glands in his body? If that gland has drawn a bull's-eye on his heart, then no. Nuking his thyroid puts him at risk for vascular lesions and all kinds of cancer. Protocol says we should do an iodine uptake test. We? Anyone else want to run a useless test, while Brock's thyroid plots its next lethal move? It was rhetorical. You were sure about b-6 toxicity too. House is right. Seriously? I mean, I am, but you think so? If he goes into full-on thyroid storm, he'll die. We gotta nuke his thyroid. - Hang up the phone. - Why? - If we're gonna nuke his thyroid... - We're not nuking the guy's thyroid without proof that's it's graves. Do the iodine uptake test. - If house finds out... - When house finds out. We'll have the test results. And we'll either do his procedure or we won't. What are you doing here? Just grabbing a snack. You keep food in the morgue? If I keep it in the lounge, everyone else eats it. That's 'cause it's everyone else's food. Oh, i thought it was just everyone else's bags. The accreditation board will light us on fire for this. They're not gonna find out. Unless, of course, conway planned on inspecting the morgue in, say, two minutes. Is that why you're here? You're gonna get me fired over a sandwich? No, over a tv. And you're not gonna get fired because you're gonna fold. No, i won't. But you're gonna push it, so we need a safe word so you can signal your unconditional surrender. Call me sweet sauce. Dr. House. I don't think we've met. Dr. Jamie conway. I've heard your name. Most people have. It's also a noun. I sometimes come down here to relax, unwind, maybe grab a... Sweet sauce. It's a nickname. An ironic nickname. Wow, it is almost 2:00. Aren't you supposed to be...? oh, yeah. Yeah,'cause those sick blind kids aren't gonna read to themselves. See ya. I recommend skipping c-26. Floater. Been in the river at least a week. - Thanks for the warning. - Any time. Doesn't the doctors' lounge have that same tv? Nope, they've got a 12-inch exactly like the one that used to be in here. Files are done. I'll be doing a dance of joy just as soon as my leg is healed. Can you tilt that down? I know the paperwork annoys you, but patient records are important. You can't just let them sit there. I had to. In the name of science. I let the crap pile up, and then I see which team member is the most self-flagellating, breaks down, clears up the mess. Surprise was, it turned out to be you. Again. You weren't even registered as a competitor. You miss me. You miss me! You hired thirteen to replace- Yeah, all pretty girls are fungible. You're avoiding. I miss the job. I miss running around playing private investigator. I miss... The puzzles. Seriously, i'll fire thirteen. Or kutner, if you think thirteen is hot. I don't miss you. That iodine left a really weird aftertaste. That's the tracer in it. We'll have the images in a couple of minutes. You must do okay with women, huh? I already asked him that. And? It's not all it's cracked up to be. He feels unfulfilled. I doubt it. I'm lying? I used to be a plastic surgeon. I talk about my work as shallow and meaningless. Truth is, I loved every boob job, every tummy tuck. Meaning doesn't mean that much. But you're not a plastic surgeon anymore. It's complicated. Are you happier? It's complicated. His thyroid looks normal. So that's good news, right? - Everything look too bright to you? - It could be the monitor. It's not the monitor. It's the iodine. It's everywhere. His body's not filtering it. His kidneys are failing. - I told you to nuke his thyroid. - It's a good thing we didn't. Kidney failure means it wasn't graves. So your test screwed me and our patient's kidneys. Practically poisoned him with iodine. Which he could have handled easily if his kidneys were healthy. All we did was reveal a new symptom. Usually, you're all for that. Must be the rancid tinge of betrayal that's put me off. - You were wrong. - So tell me to my face. You never hesitated before. The board's turned you into a coward. I did it because it was the right thing to do. - You did it to pass an inspection. - Does it matter? Kidney failure on top of the other symptoms points to an autoimmune condition, which means that any of his other organs could be next. We've already started dialysis. We need to run anas for autoimmune. You're right. You and the team, go measure the ceilings. Excuse me? Accreditation board guidelines state that no object can be less than 18 inches from the ceiling. Make sure we're in compliance. There's nothing in our office that'd be less... I don't mean us. I mean the whole hospital. Let's see how this baby handles. What? You bought the firm mattress. I thought that's the one you wanted. It was. Why would you do that? Because- This is a trick question? I left it up to you. You were supposed to get the one you wanted. I got the one you wanted because I love you. No. You did it because that's what you do. With all your ex-wives, you did whatever they wanted because it was easier, and you ended up resenting them. Don't you dare do that to to me. What, take care of you? Have you met me? I can take care of me. I need you to take care of you. I have work to do. You made it to page eight. "Mysterious hospital visit for soap doc." Wow, i'll be sure to send my mom a copy. They told me I have an autoimmune disease. Like lupus or sarcoidosis. That's what we're here to find out. You really as good as everyone seems to think you are? Are you really as miserable as everyone seems to think you are? I just want to do something that matters. Nothing matters. We're all just cockroaches. Wildebeests dying on the river bank. Nothing we do has any lasting meaning. And you think I'm miserable. If you're unhappy on the plane, jump out of it. I want to, but... I can't. Hmm, that's the problem with metaphors. They need interpretation. Jumping out of the plane is stupid. Well, what if I'm not in a plane? What if I'm just in a place I don't want to be? That's the other problem with metaphors. Yes, what if you're actually in an ice cream truck and outside are candy and flowers and virgins? You're on a plane. We're all on planes. Life is dangerous and complicated. And it's a long way down. So you're afraid of change? No, you're afraid to change. You'd rather imagine that you can escape instead of actually try. 'cause if you fail, then you've got nothing. So you'll give up the chance of something real so that you can hold on to hope. The thing is, hope is for sissies. When I get outta here, I'm not gonna be afraid anymore. I mean, how many guys get a second chance? Too many. Half the people I save don't deserve a second chance. Now that I've got mine, I'm gonna set things right. I'm gonna start by being a better father to you. And to your sister. And to your other sister. You realize you're reciting lines from last season. We're gonna do all the things I promised. Just help me get out of this bed. Cooling blankets in here. This guy's brain is about to boil. Do you know where you are? What's your name? Dr. Brock sterling. Fever rules out auto-immune. He's septic. He's got a massive infection. We've got him on broad spectrum antibiotics, but he slipped from delirium into a coma. Good news is last time Brock was in a coma he fathered two children. We need to identify the infection and get him on more targeted meds fast. What about pneumococcus? Causes heart problems and sepsis. But not the neuropathies in his foot and eyes. What about tetanus? He got a tetanus booster last year. - Lyme disease? - He would've been sore all over. There's 1,000 infections that could've caused this. We can start testing, but he'll be dead before the cultures grow. Unless it's a fungus. We could see that under a microscope. Test for fungi, parasites, all creatures great and small. Where you going? To lie down. I need to think. Could be rat bite fever... But his glands aren't swollen. Which one are you gonna get? She told me to get the one I want. So get it. Listeria explains the sepsis, possibly also the heart problem. But not the numbness. If the listeria caused encephalomyelitis which then caused the numbness... I want a waterbed. I've always wanted one. I know it's ridiculous. It's just... There's something nice about the thought of being rocked to sleep in water. No mocking? No freudian analysis of how the waterbed's really a great big vagina I want to crawl into? I'm ignoring you because you make me sad. He's on ampicillin, which means if it was listeria, he'd have shown some improvement. No, it's a whole thing. You need special sheets and insurance... Who cares? You wanted one your whole life. You're a grown-up. You can afford it. Stores sell them. Most adults don't go through life like you do, house, indulging our every whim. You don't deserve to be happy. And yet I am. You? Amber'll think it's stupid. It is stupid. Live the dream, wilson. It's not an infection. It's an allergy. That's why it's not responding to antibiotics. This isn't a soap opera, house. People don't just wake up from comas the second you give 'em drugs. Especially if we give him the wrong drugs. What do the tests say? It was negative for fungus and parasites, but that doesn't mean... The more infections we rule out, the more likely it is that it's not an infection. He has no history of allergies or asthma. Most importantly, none of his symptoms remotely resemble an allergic reaction. Allergens could trigger an allergic vasculitis. - That would explain the symptoms. - One in a million times. Septic infection always explains his symptoms. But an infection is never resistant to every antibiotic. No, infection is rarely resistant. And allergy never responds to antibiotics. Never beats rarely. Qed, i win. There were chrysanthemums in his dressing room. My god, why didn't you say he'd been exposed to plant life. Chrysanthemums contain pyrethrin. It's a neurotoxin and a known allergen. He has an infection. If we give him steroids, we'll kill him. He has allergy. If we don't give him steroids, we'll kill him. Not as fast. Fast enough. You don't have time for the rest of the tests. We have to do something. And what we're doing right now isn't working. 100 milligrams methylprednisolone. Patients' names? It's one patient. You want to give one patient 100 milligrams? That'll jumpstart a car. Perfect,'cause my patient's a'69 ford coma. Anything over 50 milligrams, I need a sign-off from Dr. Cuddy. It's protocol. And the inspector's here. I am 99% certain that she'll consent. But for the sake of the 1% why don't I just... You're not allowed back here. Well, tell the inspector he can put it on my tab. I didn't mean now. 100 milligrams of methylprednisolone is an overdose. We were wrong about the infection. He's suffering from a severe allergic reaction. The team hasn't finished the test for allergy. - His symptoms don't... - In rare cases... Trust me, at the end of this conversation, i'm right. Then confirm it. Get a blood test. What is it about this severe and deepening coma that makes you think we got time for protocol? Protocol has saved your patient from having his thyroid destroyed and his blood drained. If you think I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong. Don't talk about protocol. My job's on the line. Your job is on the line. Okay, here's what you do. you wait three minutes, then you call security. By the time they get here and lock me up, i'll be done. He gets to live. Your ass gets to be covered. If he dies, let me know... So I can pack my things. Tests were negative. Patient's negative for all floral allergies. I'm gonna restart the antibiotics. If he's still alive. Ampicillin, two grams, IV. Why? The steroids worked. - House was right. - The test was negative. He was still right. It was an allergy. To what? Thank you. I was wrong. You should've stopped me. Heard about house's patient. Bold move. And you backed him. He was right. He wasn't even in the same neighborhood as right. - The patient's alive. - Okay, The rules exist because 95% of the time for 95% of the people, they're the right thing to do. And the other 5%? Have to live by the same rules. Because everybody thinks they're in that 5%. What are you doing out here? I can't sleep. I hate the waterbed. I actually kind of like it. No, it's awful. We're returning it tomorrow. Okay. I'm glad you got it though. Me too. I hope they'll take it back. They will. You promised me you'd stop drinking. Of course I'm drunk, Anna. They told me you'd never wake up from that coma. But how could you get engaged to my sister? We fell in love. What do you want from me, Anna? i'm just a man. And I'm just a woman. And as thrilled as I am about the lady slipper being the best night club port lawrence has ever seen... - Hello? - Don't hang up. What was the verdict? $200,000 fine. - You should've been fired. - Good night, House. There are bubbles in his glass. - Can't this wait until- - My patient is allergic to quinine. And you got this from bubbles? Symptoms started two months ago. It's also when Brock started downing gin and tonics like a brit staving off malaria. The gin was fake, the tonic was real. And tonic water is loaded with quinine. Nice job. You should've been fired. I'm taking back the tv. - I saved his life. - That wasn't the deal. The contract clearly stated no takesy backsies. - Good night, house.