Bill, don't do this. I've dedicated my life to this country. To President Reynolds.</i> Every photo, every file, get rid of it all. Bill, don't do this. You left a message for Mr. Geary. I'm going to gut you, bow to stern. I did not kill Roy Geary. Bagwell set me up! You are under arrest for the first degree murder of Roy William Geary. My therapist said that I need to confront you to let you know how betrayed I feel. This is the Tribune Police! Look, as long as you do your job, we forget about Shales. And then you can go back to Colorado and visit your son and family. Don't you ever mention his name again. What about your friend back there? If we're going to go down... might as well go down swinging. Almost made it. - Is that you? - Get up. Turn around. Turn around! If you're going to murder us, Alex, you'll have to look us in the eyes while you do it. - Shut up. - You want me, you got me. Let my brother go! I don't want either of you. I just want my life back! You're going to kill two innocent men to get it, huh? Absolutely. This is the United States Border Patrol. Drop the weapon and remain where you are.</i> Drop your weapon. United States Border Patrol. Drop your weapon! I'm FBI. These men are in my custody. I don't care who you are. Until we verify, you will drop your weapon or we will drop you. Your choice. Move in! Hands on your head, now! Don't move! You got anything to drink? Check the back. Unknown rider, unknown rider, this is DEA on guard.</i> Bring up frequency 1145. What do you mean "Oh oh"? Border Patrol's on our ass, man. How long till we get to Mexico? We're already in Mexico, Papi. I thought they couldn't follow us - once we crossed the border. - Not since 9/11, hombre. I repeat: unknown rider, unknown...</i> What are we going to do? Pull the chord, and pray. Oh, hell no! Look, we try and land the plane, we're pinched for sure. And if we jump? We're in the middle of the desert. Patrol have a hard time trying to find us once we land. If we land. Oh, you're going to land. It's just a matter of how hard. Good luck, amigo. We're receiving reports that escaped convicts</i> Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield have been apprehended a few miles north of the US-Mexican border.</i> Federal Agent Alex Mahone with assistance</i> from the United States Border Patrol took the men into custody just a short time ago.</i> Now, not a lot of information available at this time,</i> but we do know the brothers were apprehended without incident</i> while attempting to leave the country through the deserts of New Mexico,</i> quite a long way from Illinois's Fox River State Penitentiary,</i> where they escaped from less than ten days ago.</i> The Fox River Eight, as the group of convicts were once known,</i> are now down to four, as only Benjamin Miles Franklin, Fernando Sucre, Charles Patoshik and Theodore Bagwell remain at large.</i> - Officials say that... - Sir. He just heard. And he'd like to see you. ... known, are now down to four, as only Benjamin Miles Franklin, Fernando Sucre, Charles Patoshik and Theodore Bagwell remain at large.</i> Godspeed, gentlemen. 'Scuse me, Sarge. I... was wondering if you could... help a brother out. With what? I only recently returned from delivering democracy to the desert and uh, I was wondering if you could tell me how a guy goes about getting a hold of one of those prosthetic jobbies. What, they make you whole before they shipped you back? Well, let's just say the doctor made the bed. He just neglected to tuck in the sheets. Best thing for you to do is go on down there to VA. Get in line. That simple? Till they send you the bill and you got to figure out how to pay. Those bastards in Washington send us off to fight for them; not a damn one of 'em fights for us. And that is a crime. But luckily for me... money is not the issue. Is that right? Any particular, uh, forms I might need in order to qualify? You know what, Mr. Don't-ask-don't-tell? You figured out how to dye that hair of yours up like a nancy all by yourself, you sure as hell can figure out how to get a prosthetic for that stump of yours by yourself. Yeah, I think I got a pretty good idea where to start. I'm here with Ed Pavelka, the new warden of Fox River Penitentiary, where Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield are scheduled to be returned to sometime tomorrow. Now, Warden, the escape happened a mere two days before Burrows was scheduled to be put to death. He's already been granted one day ; do you anticipate any further? Lincoln Burrows is a convicted murder. His escape has endangered the lives of civilians across this country. He is not a celebrity. He is not a martyr. I can assure you that whatever leniency was afforded him and the other prisoners under the old regime at Fox River will no longer be tolerated. The only thing that Mr. Burrows can expect is what a jury of his peers demanded: a speedy execution. And Michael Scofield? With his escape, the aiding and abetting charges, the felonies he's racked up along the way, on top of his original sentence, I'd say Mr. Scofield will be spending the rest of his life behind bars. Thank you. 2x13 - The Killing Box Transcript: Mickey Subtitles: www.sub-way.fr (V.1.00) Who's got Mahone? Congratulations, sir. What do you got? A call from the Illinois DOC. They're sending a huge contingent down there to collect Burrows and Scofield, take them back to Fox River personally.</i> Remind them this is a federal case and we'll handle the transport. I did. But it's an election year, collar this big, everybody wants a piece. The warden called in a favor to the Bureau Chief; he okayed it, so here we are.</i> Should be there in about an hour. I want to be placed in the prisoner transport vehicle. What for? Just get it done. Sir, these were the big fish. And you brought 'em in. You should feel good about that. We are at least together. Yes, there is that. What are you thinking? I'm thinking about the old man. What he tried to do, you know. Tough to go down swinging when you're locked in a box. This isn't over yet. We're entitled to a phone call. We make that one call to Sara and if she has the information dad said she has, we can get you exonerated before this whole thing goes down. We're entitled to a phone call. You're entitled to precisely squat until you're officially in custody. And that won't happen until you're back in Fox River. So sit tight. It's not over yet. Not yet. A lot of ground to cover between here and Illinois. I mean, what are the chances we even make it back to Fox River alive? Saw you on the news, Alex. - Did you? - The brothers too. They were a little more... breathing than I had hoped. Yeah, well, Border Patrol showed up. Nothing I could do. Really? Burrows and Scofield, can you see them from where you are? Yeah. Then put a bullet in their heads. They're being watched. I don't care. By armed guards. They make it back to Fox River, it is over. For all of us. There's not much more this country love than a bad man with a good story.</i> How much longer do you think it'll be before someone puts a microphone in front of them? Are you listening? Okay, with the security here, what you're asking me to do is tantamount to suicide. - Do you understand what I'm saying? - I wasn't asking anything. That would imply you had a say in the matter. Pull this off and you're halfway home, Alex. You remember what home is like. Don't you? 900 West End Avenue. White fence. Red door. Stay away from my family! You got a little something on your... No, I... here, let me. - Pardon my forwardness, I was... - It's okay. Thank you. Normally I wouldn't intervene, it's just... yesterday when I got home from work, I found what looked like the Brazilian Rain Forest lodged between my two front teeth. And all I could think about was the number of people who must've seen and not... not a damn one of them had the decency to tell me. Mild diastema. Excuse me? It's a slight gap between your eight and nine. Your two front teeth. And that it sometimes can act as a magnet for food like... broccoli and tuna and sometimes rice. Or relish. All this and brains, too? What are you, a dentist or...? Me? No, hardly, no. I could never. My... ex-husband, he was... A bastard? That too. Have you ever been to Italy, uh...? Denise. Denise, that's a lovely name. You know, in Italy, they have wine every day with lunch. And what do we do in this country? We power our food down with caffeine, carbonation, and high fructose corn syrup. No one ever takes the time to enjoy things anymore. Denise, would you do me the honor of "enjoying" the rest of your lunch with me? I think I'd like that. White or red? ...and with limited financial resources he poses no flight risk... Unless he'd rather not stand trial for capital murder. The defendant has shown great resourcefulness in being able to travel across country with little money. There's no reason he couldn't do it again. If you don't want to believe me, believe Mr. Bellick. You thieving son of a bitch. You better get down on your knees and pray to God</i> that I never find you because if I do, mark my words: I will gut you bow to stern.</i> He promised to kill Mr. Geary, and then he kept that promise. A man like the defendant should not be out in society. I concur. Bail denied. Who would that be? Only one person. Michael, it's me. Listen, this phone rang last night and... I went to answer it, but I couldn't hear anything and I... I wonder if maybe it was you? I don't know what to do right now, if I should leave a message or who might be listening to this, but... I need to know that you're okay. I need you to know that I'm not. I didn't leave you in Gila. Something happened to me and I don't... I don't know what to do right now. I'm not too sure where to go, but I know that you're the only person I can trust and I need you to... I need you to be okay and... And I need you. Please. Alexander Mahone, Bureau. These are my prisoners and I will be personally escorting them in their transfer vehicle. - You can follow in the chase car... - I don't believe you heard me. I'll be accompanying them in their... The only people allowed in the van are the driver and two guards who've been trained and certified in prison transport. Are you really going to make me go over your head? I'll even dial the phone for you. Now look, this is standard procedure, Agent Mahone. We need to keep that environment as controllable as possible. The more bodies, the less control. These men may have knowledge of the location of the other escapees. This is knowledge that I... I need to do my job. And my job is to ensur the safe and successful transfer of these two prisoners. Chase vehicles are right outside. There better be a damn good reason why those brothers are still alive. Bad day, Bill? Sorry, I thought this was someone who still existed. How's the jerky business, Owen? Actually, it's looking pretty good right about now. You call this number again, you're a dead man. Actually, you don't kill Burrows and Scofield today, so are you. You know it and I know it, and luckily for you, I know how to save your ass.</i> The brothers are already being transferred. You're too late. Actually, that transport van is exactl where you want them to be, Bill. Why? Why? You want my help, Bill, I want my job back. That means direct access to the President.</i> I report only to her. You're reaching, Paul. Good-bye. Don't shut me out, Bill. You think Burrows and Scofield are a threat to this Administration?</i> I know everything Caroline Reynolds has done.</i> Everything. Now, before you panic, all I'm asking is to be allowed to finish the job that I started. To prove to the President and to you that I'm still an asset to this Administration. What's your plan? I have an old associate in the Illinois DOC.</i> They're heading up the transfer. It's going to take more than one guy on the inside.</i> Not if the guy's in the right place. Bill, you give me the go-ahead on this, when those brothers get in the van, it'll be the last thing they ever do. I have never done that before. Then I guess we were making up for some lost time. I have to ask, Sam, are you... - are you married or something? - Me? No. - What makes you think...? - Come on. I may be plain, but I'm not a fool. Usually the men I end up with are just looking for something, you know... on the side. Denise, the only "side" I'm interested in, is the inside. And that place within you... is not plain. I have to get back to work. Do you really? I have to close tonight. How 'bout I pick you up after? We can have dinner. - Are you sure? - Denise... I insist. Good news. You're off the hook. Paul Kellerman has a team ready to move on the caravan just outside of Albuquerque. So where does that leave us? When it goes down, there's sure to be a moment or two of chaos. A certain amount of confusion, lots of bullets flying. I need you there to make sur Paul Kellerman catches one. It's a little early to be covering your tracks, isn't it? The escapees. That was our deal. That's all. Right. Our deal. Refresh my memory. Was our deal supposed to end with Burrows and Scofield</i> going back to prison or... bleeding from a hole in their heads? We're giving you a chance to make this right, Alex. Just let Kellerman take care of it. Let him be our Oswald. Then, that makes me your Jack Ruby. Jack Ruby was working alone. You've got the support of the United States government behind you, Alex.</i> Good luck in Albuquerque. I promise, sir, this will all be over shortly and it will be back to business as usual. Do you regret it? What? Knowing what you know now, do you regret helping me? You'd have done the same thing for me. You think? I know. You didn't answer the question. I don't regret the act. Just how it turned out. We've got a premeditated murder on our hands. You wanted to steal money and then kill the only witness. Are you my attorney or theirs? I told you I didn't do anything. No, I'm just explaing their theory of what happened. Your explanation to the cops that you didn't kill Geary because you were too busy trying to steal five million in federally insured money. Probably not the best move. But there is good news. What's that? The DA is willing to offer a deal. 25 years. No. Brad, they'll drop the capital charge. - No death penalty. - No. I'd be almost 65 when I get out. But you'd get out. If this case goes to trial, there's an excellent chance you're sentenced to death. I've been doing this a while, and I can tell you these things never go down good. When the system wants you, they get you, one way or another. Part of the deal's got to be I do my time in Illinois, so I can be near my mom. Where are they taking us? Another foster home. I don't want to go. I liked it there. I know you did. It's 'cause of you. The reason they're making us move? 'Cause you were getting in trouble again. Yeah, and I'm sorry. Seems like I've been dragging you into trouble my whole life. Pulled me out of some, too. Alex. Paul Kellerman. Have you spoken with Bill Kim? Yeah, he filled me in. You're staging in Albuquerque. Now, listen. Me jumping in at this point. It in no way reflect my feelings about the job you've been doing. I just wanted you to know that. Of course. So long as we get the job done. And we all get to go back to our families, right? The sooner, the better. So what do I need to know? As be first reported last night, after nine days on the run,</i> fugitives Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield</i> two of the mastermind behind the Fox River Eight escape</i> were aprehended by border patrol officials</i> near the Mexican border. And they are being sent back to Fox River penitentiary today.</i> - What's going on out there? - Let me go check. - What do you see? - I'll let you know. How much time to move the semi? I've got my men working on it now. What's going on up there? Are you in a hurry, convict? We need some help getting this rig out of the road. All right, let's say we get the cuffs off. Where do we go? There. That's too easy. Come on. Come on, Michael, take it. Come on, come on. Take it. Take it and run. Let's think about this. The keys are accidentally left out, the door is accidentally left open. - It's our only shot. - It's their only shot. They don't have an excuse to kill us unless we give it to them. How are we doing? Nothing so far. None? - They're talking, that's all. - <i>If they haven't bitten in 5 minutes,</i> you haul the semi, you tell them it's fixed. You release traffic. And do what? If you want the rabbit to hop, you move the carrot, Alex. You showed. A gentleman always does. Where are we going to eat? Wherever your heart desires. You know, there's just one teensy-tiny thing I been meaning to ask. Anything. You know, forwarding addresses are supposed to be confidential. I really shouldn't be doing this. You shouldn't have been doing a lot of the things we did this afternoon, but, neither of us has been smited down yet. There she is. I'd imagine your cousin'll be pretty surprised to hear about the money her uncle left her. You can be certain of it. Sam, I hope you don't mind me asking, but... your hand. What happened to it? I'm sorry. I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable. I just... I want to know you. I want to know everything about you, and... if this is a part of who you are, then I want to know how it... Oh, dear God. I really wish you hadn't seen that. Here's what I'm thinking. You and some of the boys get yourselves transferred over to AD SEG. That way, we can spend our days playing Scrabble and watching Sportscenter. Then, in about a year and a half or so, you're gonna recommend me for one of those work-release programs. Then, I can sweat off the rest of my time heaving hay and getting sun. - That's... - It ain't freedom, but it's damn close. Is that why you requested to be sent here? I go anywhere else... as a former CO, I'm a dead man. But here I got men to watch my back. Get me the finest accommodations... They're not putting you in AD SEG. I don't carewhere they're putting me. Just take me to AD SEG. It's not like it used to be, Cap'n. The COs don't run the game here anymore. - What do you mean? - This new warden. He's cracking down. And to prove he's serious about showing preferential treatment, he's making an example out of you. Lou, what the hell is this? General Pop. Welcome home, Boss. Okay, everybody, we're moving out. Window's closing, Michael. Once the truck moves, we're... If we run now, we give them permission to put a bullet in our heads. We stay, I'm dead within the week, and you're locked up for life. Or until they find a way to get to you. And, believe me, they will. If we go back to prison, we'll have a few extra days. We'll have a chance to contact Sara. We don't know where Sara is. Sara may be dead, Michael. Let me get us out of here the only way I know how. - Fighting? - Yeah. Get the keys. Here we go. Here we go. Copy that. All right, we're on. Heads up. Hold traffic. You know we have no idea what's behind that door. Nope. You ready? No. You? No. Let's go. Just pray there's another way out of here. Hey, they're in. And they're heading straight for you. Armed? No. Where are you? I'll back you up. Just keep moving. As long as they're running from you, they're running toward me. They're boxed in. Hold on one sec. Can I write a check for the food? - 'Cause I don't have... - Hello, Mrs. Hollander. They say a good woman is hard to find. Well, if that's true, you must be very, very... very good. Don't be frightened. Teddy's home. They're improvising, heading toward the surface. - Where to? - I don't know. Look, if something happens to us, if we get separated or one of us doesn't make it, promise me you'll find Sara. - We're gonna make it. - Just promise me. I promise. Come on. President Reynolds ruined your life. She ruined my life. You want to take that bitch down? You just found your inside man,