But they do. Your pal Manche told me all about your little treasure hunt for Westmoreland's stash. We're going to Utah. Fooled you. Put your hands behind your back. - Make yourself at home. - Sure. Your father got a call from the white house. They withdrew his nomination. According to them, his confirmation was going to be a problem. My father is not a suicidal man. Governor Tancredi, not part of our plan. Anyone who knows anything has got to be dealt with.</i> If someone's a liability, they go. Tancredi was becoming a liability. So was his daughter. Wait, what? Burrows is scheduled to be released from the Klipton detention center in Kingman, Arizona tomorrow morning.</i> LJ is out there; I'm going to get him. Take care. Charles Westmoreland... god bless you and your wrinkled old sack. It's all here. Where's Sucre? Drop the bag. No one's going anywhere. What the hell are you doing, man? Sucre... - whatever it is you want... - I want the money, - I want the money, all of it. - What, are you robbing us? The money was never yours to begin with. This is about business. $5 million worth of business. So this is how it's going to go down, huh? After everything. Once a thief, always a thief. You just figuring that out? The backpack. Now! Don't do this, buddy. Yo, take a look around you, Papi. It's three of us, it's one of you; you are outnumbered, man, and we will come after you. It'll be the last thing you do, my brother. What, are you going to shoot at all of us? Probably not. But I will get two. Now... which two is it going to be? That's what I thought. Adios, amigos. I don't believe this. We have come all this way and done all of this work. Thought you was compadres, Tattoo? So what are we going to do now, man? The police are going to be here any second. Ain't no way I'm letting that-- that dunderpate ride off with five...! It's your choice. It's all right. I'm going to give you this, and... you should be able to cut yourself free in about an hour. So what's the plan, man? Well, you can do what you want. I let that psychopath T-Bag loose once. I'm not going to do it again. Make a nice little present for the police when they get here. Where is he? I don't know, man, look, I got to, I got to go. Good luck. They're going to get you. Ms. Tancredi. I didn't mean to startle you. What the hell are you doing in my house? No reason to be frightened. I used to work with your father. I'm so sorry for your loss. My father didn't commit suicide. What are you doing? Making sure it doesn't look like I did! People will ask questions if the day the governor was found killing himself, his daughter is found dead in what looks like a struggle. Well, then. What if they don't find her? In an apparent attempt to avoid jail time, the governor's daughter skips bail and disappears. We're talking about your last minutes, Ms. Tancredi. - Please, don't do this. - That stuff on that table is premium. It's grade "A." Do yourself a favor, go out on a high. Look, I'm begging you here. One last ride. Oh, god! Adios, amigos, huh? What? Too much? You were great. This thing is freaking heavy, dude. Won't be so bad after we split it up. Three ways: Me, you and Linc. Four. We're going to send a share to Charles's daughter, with her father's love, just like we promised. What about C-Note? I feel kind of bad about the whole thing. There's no way to know if we could trust him. Once we get to Panama, we'll send something up to his family, make sure he's taken care of. Five million dollars. I can't believe I'm going to be... Where the hell is the money? Where the hell is the money? The backpack... now! Here we go, watch your head. Mr. Burrows? Merry christmas from the state. Here's a list of options available to you. Places to stay, businesses that are more open to hiring men out of the correctional system. Any questions you might have about your immediate future? No. Well, the number on there is toll-free. If you encounter any problems, you can call there 24-7. Thanks. Wait a second. You know what? Why don't you tell me where you need to go, and I'll make sure you get there. You know, I think I'll be all right. - You sure? - Yeah. Thank you. Kid didn't bite. He's on foot. All right. Have your men follow. Remember, it's the father we want. We can't go back. You said it, without the money, we're screwed. - We can't... - just let me think. - Maybe it's still back... - Just let me think! Maybe it's still back at the house. The money's not back at the house unless T-Bag is. He must've switched the packs. What do we do... what do we do now? We still got the five grand we took when we pocketed the money. It's not gonna be five million, but it might be enough to get us where we're going. All units be advised. Escaped convicts from Fox River have been positively id'd at 1131 Monterey lane.</i> We have dogs being dispatched to the location.</i> I want every road in or out of town blocked off.</i> I don't care if it's on wheels, rails or hooves. I want it stopped and searched. I thought you said we would have a head start. It was the gunshot, buddy. One of the neighbors must've heard. How fast can that thing go? I don't know. Both of us, it could probably... We're never gonna get out of here on the roads. We need to find another way. He's in your office. I can't believe they're calling me back here when my escapees are out there. I want to know who this guy is. Said his name was Sullins. Son of a bitch. Let me know if anything breaks on the convicts. Alex. Thanks for coming in. You want to tell me why internal affairs is pulling me out of the field in the middle of a manhunt? It's been a while since we've had a sit-down, hasn't it? Not since the shales escape, am I right? What's going on, Richard? Well... that's precisely what I'm here to find out. And you're not getting out of here until I do. What can I get for you boys? You tell me. Two waters, then. And the use of your phone, if you'd be so kind. Don't worry, it's a local call. First thing I do, we get home: Clean underwear. Then what? I guess go back to that liquor store, beg for my job back. We had it. We were so close. I can still taste that money right there in the back of my throat. Well, nothing that a couple of keystones, a hungry man salisbury steak dinner and a night in front of the tv won't take care of. Hey, mom, it's Brad. Hey, listen, me and Roy, we ran into some car trouble and... we were wondering if you could come pick us up. I don't know, hold on. What the hell town is this? Thought you said this was a local call. Hey, Bradley, check this out. Wait, mom. ...these individuals were reportedly the prisoners</i> who escaped from the Fox River penitentiary in Illinois</i> just a couple of days ago. What were they doing all the way out here in Tooele, Utah?</i> Well, Jeanette Owens, whose garage they dug up, has her own theory.</i> They pretended that they were some kind of workers from the power company,</i> and that they had made a mistake and they'd have to do some digging.</i> Hey, mom, on second thought, can you wire us some extra scratch? Turns out, we ain't done yet. Bruce, I need your help. Bruce, my father didn't commit suicide, okay? Okay, just calm down. Where are you? He was looking into the Burrows case</i> and I think that he found something that they didn't want him to know. And now, I think that they think that I know it, too. All right, I want you to listen to me.</i> I'm gonna send someone over to pick you up. I'll bring you back here, and we'll sort all of this out, I promise. Just tell me where you are. I don't know, I'm at a pay phone on... Third and Harper. Do you have your cell in case I need to reach you? I do, but I thought it would be tapped. - I don't know. - All right, someone's on their way. Just stay right where you are. Thank you. I'll give you 80 bucks for them. Come on, man, they're worth... worth a lot more to the person they actually belong to. These are ladies clubs, doctor. I'm guessing they're hotter than a monkey's jockstrap. 80 bucks. Throw in the cooler, and you got a deal. We got to lose the bike. Uh-uh. No way. The roads are sealed. It's the only way we're gonna make it out of here. I can't, bro. I promised Petey... you're not getting that thing across the river. And every minute we spend trying is a minute we don't have, okay? I'm sorry. We got to move. I've heard about these kinds of places. They got leeches, you know. I'll take the leeches in here over the handcuffs back there. I don't know, Papi. Sort of depends on where the leech leeches, - you know what I'm saying? - Stop kidding around. Are you all right, buddy? I can't... I can't move! You feel like you broke anything? No, I don't think so. Can you get it? Can you get it off me? This thing's not going anywhere. I'm gonna check your foot. I'm sorry, buddy. It's stuck. You, call 911. Kelli, my name is Sara. I'm a doctor. You're gonna be okay. Can you hear me? You'll be all right. Take some deep breaths and... It's gonna be okay, right? I mean, if you can get eight people out of prison, you can get my puerto rican ass out of this, right? Can't you? Come on! Damn it! Do you hear that? I know that sound. There's a dam up river. It's a signal. It means they're opening the locks. That means the water level's gonna rise, and when it does, the log will just float right off. Yeah? Canine units at the scene have multiple scents</i> and are spreading out into the field. These guys can't have gotten very far. There were six cons back at that house. They'll be tracking us in every direction. It'll take an hour just to make it over this far, and by that time, the water level will rise, we'll be long gone. Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure. Ask any of the 20 cops there, John Abruzzi was armed. John Abruzzi drew his weapon... he never should have been allowed to get that far. Richard, let's be clear. If you knew how things needed to be handled in a manhunt, you'd be out there running one instead of hamstringing the men that are. The FBI's primary objective in investigating fugitive matters is to affect the swift location and capture of the fugitives. You have two dead bodies, Alex. I've got two dead felons, Richard. Now, maybe that doesn't play well from a public relations standpoint, but from a public safety standpoint, Abruzzi and Apolskis were by the book. Shooting of an unarmed kid at point-blank range is by the book? Come on. Incident report, David "Tweener" Apolskis. You know, I'm curious, was he cuffed during transport? Says in here he somehow managed to grab your primary weapon. You carry that in a shoulder holster? - Hip. - Left, right? Right, left? - Left. - Left. I'm sorry, I get confused sometimes. So just so I've got this right, you were driving along alone with a cuffed prisoner, and somehow he reaches forward across your chest and grabs your weapon. It's too bad you didn't react that quickly with Apolskis. Maybe he'd still be alive. What does an origami bird have to do with any of this? Michael Scofield sent it to her. And since your brilliant plan to eliminate Sara Tancredi from the equation failed so completely... I wouldn't say it failed completely at all. There's a dead woman in a phone booth. Civilian. A certain number of bodies you can sweep under the rug. President's rug is getting so full, you can hardly stand on it. So what do you suggest we should do? You ever go fishing, Bill? Just make your point. There's two ways to catch a fish. You cast out a big net and hope you get what you're looking for. Or you choose the right bait and guarantee that you do. It's a simple strategy, plays across the board. LJ will lead us to Burrows. Sara will lead us to Scofield. And how do you intend to follow Sara, when the only lead you've got is an origami bird with an out of service phone number? Maybe it's not a phone number. What do you have? Junior's on the move, but still no sign of Burrows. Sir, the guy's in hiding, maybe he doesn't even know his kid's out. The cop that was held hostage in Utah has Burrows splitting off from the rest of the group just after word of LJ's release hit the wire. He knows. Now if we want to know for sure if he's there, we need to do something to draw him out. Hey, you mind sparing some change? No. Come on. No, I'm all tapped out. You got something. I'll take whatever you got. Look, seriously, I just got out of lock-up. I would if I could. Sorry. I see, you think you're better than me, huh? I don't think I'm better than you. Yo, where you running, little man? I'm not running anywhere. This isn't how it's supposed to go. The whole reason I went along with the break was to have a life with Maricruz and my baby. And now what? Get some two-bit job? Always be looking over my shoulder? What kind of life is that? You can come with me and Linc. To Panama. Start over. The longer you stay here, the more chance there is you'll never make it to Panama. You've got other people to think about. Your brother, your nephew. Sara. She's meeting you down there, isn't she? I don't know. We never talked about it. - But you're hoping. - Just give it a rest, will you. The dogs are locked in. We've got two trails merging. They were definitely here. They've headed east towards Drucker ranch. They've gone off-road. Any additional units, we need to setup a one-mile perimeter and then start closing in.</i> It's getting deeper. So how come this freaking thing ain't moving yet? Let me check. You all right? Look, Michael... I understand if you have to keep going, you know. Don't say that. I'm not going anywhere. No, but, look, just think about it. You know, if I leave you drown. No, I know, but just... the water level's getting higher, Sucre. How many seconds can you hold your breath? 45? 60? That's how long you've got to live if I take off. How long do you have if you stay? How long till the dogs lead the cops here? What you're suggesting is not an option. Look, I ain't trying to be a hero or nothing. We both know there are only two things that can happen now. Lee me here... or we both get caught. I know we said not to use this number, but I just needed to know you were okay. My driver said he went to pick you up and the place was a crime scene. Yeah, the woman that he saw, the woman by the pay phone, that was supposed to be me. And I had to leave her there. I didn't know what to do.</i> Who are these people? They knew exactly where I was going to be standing. They knew where I was going to be... - Are you there? - It was you. What are you talking about? - I just need to know where you are. - Oh, my god. Excuse me, we'd like to check on a friend of ours, LJ Burrows? He's getting some stitches. We just want to make sure he's all right. And you can see him when he's through. It's policy. You don't get it. I get that that kid defended himself. You going to tell us why you attacked him... - I told you man. - I know, some guy paid you. Excuse me. FBI. What do you mean somebody paid you? What the hell does it sound like, man? Some dude gave me 50 bucks to give the kid a beat down. It's Burrows. He's here. How you feeling, son? Dad? We got to move. Excuse me, ladies. I need to ask you a few questions. I'm on the, follow-up investigation team. Excuse me. We're just curious. Did you see if the convicts actually found what they were digging for? No. But sure sounded like they did. The spaniard, he took off with one of my daughter's camping packs and he left the other ones in a real tizzy. Sounded like he screwed 'em over something fierce. And they just let him leave? Well, they weren't happy about it, but, yeah. He took off on his motorbike, and then they left a few minutes later. - Together? - No. The pretty one and the black fellow, they left first, and then that dirty southerner... he snuck out the back. But he was moving kind of slow, you know, the weight of that backpack and that disability that... wait a minute, he had a backpack, too? Yes. He came back in and slipped this into my brassiere on his way out. He said it was to cover the damages. We're going to need to keep this as evidence. Thank you for your time. Seven, three, six, space. Three, three, nine, space. Eight, six, eight, seven. And what exactly are you looking for? A pattern. A code. Anything. What? What are you trying to tell me, Michael? They say... people come into your life for a reason. Maybe my reason was to help you get out of Fox River. You know, to help you save your brother. No. It's okay, Papi. Let me go. We're a quarter mile up the river below the dam. - It's now or never, Michael. - They're close. I want you to hold your breath. Okay? - Why? - Just do it. I'll be right back, I promise. What the hell are you doing? Redirect all units to the river. I want you to go under. And then stick your arm up, above the water, high. All right. And then when you start running out of air, wave it back and forth so I can see it. And I'll come back and get you. Okay? All right, give me your hand. One... two... three. - Talk to me. - Well, there is one possibility, but it's almost too rudimentary. We know we're not looking at a phone number, but maybe we're not looking at numbers at all. What's important are the letters that correspond to that number.</i> Three dots, third letter Two... "D," "E." Three possibilities per number. That's thousands of letter combinations.</i> But only one of them spells out a word. She was right. - What are you in the market for? - Four wheels and a gas pedal. Hey, Petey. Uh, it's me. Listen, I got something to tell you. Yeah, I was wondering when you were gonna call. Yeah, a lot has come down since we last talked, and... Gee, I know, I heard. You ruined it. Yeah, you heard already? Well, brother, everybody's heard, man, and let me tell you something, man. Hector is pissed. What does hector have to do with it? It was his wedding. Wait, man. What are you talking about? Your bike. What are you talking about? The wedding. What about the wedding? Well, you know the part where, uh, you say, "I do"?</i> Maricruz said, "I don't." She did? Left homeboy standing at the altar holding his spam in his hand,</i> if you know what I'm saying. What were you telling me about my bike? All right. I'll go get your keys. I got a coup stops to make. First is this place called Blanding. Then we'll meet up with Lincoln in a couple days. I can't go. She said no, Papi. Maricruz... Maricruz told that son of A... she told him no. Can you believe that? - That's great. - I know. Now, I just... No. Go on. - Get your girl. - What about Panama? - We said that... - Some other time. Panama's not going to go anywhere. This is, uh, in case you run into trouble down the road. In the river... I told you to leave me behind. Yeah, well, I tried, but... then I got tangled up in the rope, so... Okay, here you go. Thanks, and... we'll need another car. Do you really think the diaper sniper got all of it? Only one way to find out. If you were Bagwell, and you just got your hands on $5 million, where would you go? You think you're the only one who feels betrayed? I'm gonna get out of here some day. And when I do, don't think I won't remember what your front steps look like. Let me get this straight. You paid that meth-head to whoop my ass? Feds were waiting for me to come get you. It was the only way. - It worked, didn't it? - Yeah. Yeah, it got me four stitches. Adds character. Here, take that. There's some ice in there. Put it on the eye. Keep the swelling down. I've been in a few fights in my day, too. Too many. There's one more bird. Clean it. Every surface, like she never came home. You know, I wait for your flight from Utah, I had a little extra time for due diligence, so I decided to dig a little deeper on your history, or rather lack of one. Starts off simple enough. Poor family. Mom leaves, cites spousal abuse. Somehow your dad holds onto custody, and by the look of these pediatric meds, he beats you like a harp seal for the next four years. Big shock... poor, abused kid, not a lot of options... he joins the military. Will there be any actual questions, or is this just a show-and-tell? Okay, I got one. How does a guy go from infantry grunt with less than stellar marks to the gulf 1, special ops, to the Federal Bureau of Investigations, leading the largest manhunt this country's ever seen? I have all these dots. And there's just no way to connect them. Looks like you need to work on your clearance level... Dick. Or maybe I just work on you. - You want to do this? - I will chain you to this desk until I get some answers I cannot fertilize my lawn with. You sure you want to do this? I know what they tell you to do overseas, Alex, and let me make it perfectly clear... we do not do it on american soil. Sir, there's a phone call for you. I'll take it later. Sir, you're gonna want to take this now. Yeah. Yes, Sir. I... I'm with him now. Yes, sir. Where you going? I thought we were really starting to get somewhere. Let's go. Alex. You got something for me? Open it. The numbers correlate to the letters on a phone. Only on this one, none of the possible combinations make sense. We think it's a location, a rendez-vous point for Michael Scofield. You find it, you find him. You know you could have gotten me out of there sooner. You know, eve have to go through certain channels to make things appear on the up-and-up. You know all about that, don't you, Alex? Keeping up appearances. Good. I was just making sure that we're still clear on the directive of this manhunt. You know, I understand the, uh, reasoning behind Burrows and Scofield, but these other men... criminals that they may be... - there's nothing in their profiles... - You've been hired to do a job. The reasoning does not concern you. Don't ask any questions about us, and maybe we'll continue to make sure no one asks any questions about you. Are we clear? They all die.