I hope you find the girl, buddy. Baby, what the hell is going on? Yeah, well Hector says that you can serve your full sentence. What are you doing here, where's Maricruz? She's with me now. What's this I hear about you coming home soon? You're not getting your daughter's hopes up, are you? You sitting down? Your man is coming home this week. We can make it to the courthouse on foot from here. You don't understand, everything is in that car. I've been clean for 18 months now. I want to help people get from where I've been to where I am. You were right. I should never have gotten you involved in this. I just need to know what Michael scofield wanted from you in exchange for the green card. Caroline, I've been doing this for 15 years</i> and it's never been about anything other than you, your family and, most importantly, this country. Now, I need to know who I'm working for here. You are working for me. Are you aware of any arrangement officer Bellick had with any inmate regarding prison industries? Yeah, he sold it to John Abruzzi. Officer Brad Bellick, you're terminated, effective immediately. They just announced the rewards on the TV.</i> How much? $100,000 a piece. The money is just outside of Tooele, Utah. I got the man! He's on the wall! Truck! Get men in all the area hospitals. Wherever they are, one of them is bleeding good. We got to move. I can't. You put in all that work, break out of prison, only you end up dead at the bottom of a ditch. Kind of sad really. So which one of them was it? 12 HOURS EARLIER (del vo) We've got a blanket on all the hospitals. Free clinics? If they've got band-aids and bactine, we've got a body in there. The brothers come in for medical, they're getting it in a van on the way back to Fox River. Anything break on the other six? Eyes and ears on the families. So far, no hits. Maybe just laying low. What's the hardest thing in the world for a con to do? Nothing? - Few things in life are certain, Ms... - Lang. Death, taxes and the fact that a man on the run will make a mistake sometime in the first 72 hours. Needing distance, he'll steal a car. Needing money, he'll rob a store. Needing help, he'll trust someone that he shouldn't. And when he does... he will leave behind the crumbs that will take us right to him. I need your help. Michael, what are you doing here? Cayenne pepper. What? In your kitchen, do you have any? Yeah, maybe. I'm gonna need some rubbing alcohol, some towels and pain killers, whatever you got. And some booze. Please! Easy, easy, easy, easy. it's fine, man, let's just keep moving. We keep moving and that leg keeps bleeding. The leg keeps bleeding and we're not getting out of Illinois. This is going to hurt. That's good, that's good, that's good. This will seal the capillaries. Michael, you should not have come here. The police have been here asking questions. We didn't have a choice. Listen, you know I'm thankful for the help with the green card, - but I just don't wanna get involved. - I know. Iit wasn't part of our deal, I know, I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But there was nowhere else to go. When I saw you on the news, I was worried. I just hoped you'd crossed the border by now. So did I. Keep giving him these. See if you can find him some clean clothes. I got to go back and get our car. Forget the car. We can get another. I don't need a car, I need that car. Why? Because in that car... everything we need to disappear. What have you got? Here we go boss, one of the blues hauled in a vagrant a couple hours ago. Seems the man was in possession of an item or two that didn't exactly belong to him. Looks like we got our first mistake. Hey, you got any of that oriental jerky? Excuse me? Teriyaki flavor. You got any in the back? Let me check. And, uh, give me a bottle of that Early Times while you're back there, junior. Feel free to earn your paycheck today. Watch the store, I'll be right back. How goes it, Roy? To be honest, Roy, I could've done without the knee to the junk. You beat me, Brad. Like a little girl, you beat me. Well, you had it coming. Yeah, probably did. You know it's crazy, us taking it out on each other for how things turned out. You want someone to blame, how about those convicts staring up at us from the papers every morning. They took my job, my pension, my dignity. When they went over that wall,they took all of it right along with them. Everything I worked for my whole life. Did you see that reward they got? Those ass-hats are worth more dead than you and I are alive. Not for long. What do you mean? I mean somebody's going to get that money, might as well be me. You know a job like that might go a little smoother with an extra pair of hands. You really think I'm going to split that reward with you? I'm just saying, you run into those brothers,two of them, one of you. You might find yourself wishing for a good wingman. Just get it done, Mike. How are you doing? May I help you? Yeah, I hope so, Chuck. I think you may have towed my car. What did it look like? What did it look like? The car you stole the backpack from. What did it look like? I don't know, man, maybe it was gray. It's a gray Accord. License number? Look, man, that's all I know. I wasn't after the car. Thought the bag had some clothes in it. You remember where the car was parked? Where'd you park it? Corner of Hancock and 15th. I don't know, maybe around 15th somewhere, but it ain't going to be there anymore. What do you mean? That's the reason I didn't get to grab anything else. Tow truck rolls up. Already on it. It's going to be 60 bucks for the tow, and 24 for the overnight. All right, be right back with your vehicle. Shouldn't take but a few minutes. - Hello? - Petey, it's Sucre. As in, Fernando Sucre? Is there another one? Man, I hope not. But my boy Sucre would not be calling me on the telephone, thereby making me an accessory to his dumb-ass escape, man. I- I'm sorry, bro, I just...I just... I just need you to get a hold of Maricruz. I can't call her cell because the Feds will be all over the place... homie, listen, man, you have got to forget about that girl. If I could forget about her, pendejo, I'd still be at Fox River, sitting in cell 40 on your old bunk. Yeah, well, I hope you're holding on to something tight 'cause I'm about to break it down for you, brother. She's getting married to Hector on Saturday. What day is today? Thursday, bro. Sorry, man. All right, you got to get her to your place - tonight. - Hang on, man... I got one last shot to make her change her mind, dude. Just find a way to get her there, okay? Wait... Sucre, hang on, man. And... about the broken window. We got a disclaimer posted right there on the wall... I don't...I don't... I don't care about the broken window, Chuck. I had a backpack inside. Not when we got it. I got some paperwork for you to fill out. You look familiar. Yeah, you... you were the attending when I first started here. Sure. Would one of you mind calling me a cab, please? I don't think so. Look, dr. Tancredi, I... I just want to say good luck. - Sara Tancredi? - I'm sorry. You have the right to remain silent. Please place your hands behind your back. If you have any questions, I'm happy to come... Ms. Tancredi, out of respect for your father, I'm going to ask you again. My father? I'm sure he'd prefer that this went without incident. You have the right to speak to an attorney before you speak to the police. Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law. And to have an attorney present during questioning now or in the future. Caroline, they're taking her in. Of course. I'll keep an eye on her. All you got to do is sign here at the bottom, and be on your way. Excuse me, please. Brewster's towing. This is agent Mahone with the F.B.I. Who am I speaking with? Chuck. Okay, Chuck, I want to alert you to a possible situation. Are you listening to me, Chuck? An individual may be coming there to inquire about a vehicle.</i> A gray Accord, probably with a busted rear window.</i> Has anyone come by looking for a vehicle that matches that description? Yes, sir. When? Will you tell me when he was there? Right now. Brewster's towing. Scofield's there. Chuck, stall him. - Stall him. - Scofield, - the I.D.? - Don't let him leave, okay? It's my supervisor, he's, he... I just got to get clearance before I can release the car. Chuck, you there? Hey, Chuck! Okay, come on, come on, Chuck, you still with me? Yeah, that vehicle might not be here when you get here. You need to send somebody now. Do not let him leave! Oh, he got the keys. Where the hell are those units? Still six or seven minutes out, sir. We got chatter. It's Franklin. He's at a payphone downtown. Mistake number two. Look, I know. I know, baby, just let me explain, all right? Were you ever even in the military? I served my country, and my country served me up. All right? Now, look, I wish I could lay this all out for you right here, right now. But just know, baby, I am sorry, and I love you,</i> and when the time comes, I will explain everything.</i> Give me one good reason why I shouldn't turn you in right now. You know what? I'll give you three. Me, you, and that beautiful little girl of ours. Baby, look.</i> I got a plan. I got a plan that's gonna get us some money, where you and I and our baby nobody can ever find us or bother us again.</i> You gotta trust me. All I need is the opportunity for you to hear me out. All right? All right. All right, listen. Has anybody tried to contact you about me? No. Okay. Okay, that's good, that's good. Listen. In the rainbow room... Restaurant, New York city. ...Do you remember that beautiful spot where we took that picture? The one by the window? I am going a be waiting in that spot one week from now. And that's all that I want in this whole world is for my two girls to be waiting there for me. Do you understand what I'm saying? Look, I got to go. Baby, I just want to know, are you going to be there?</i> I don't know. But you know me. - Do I? - Yes! Good-bye, Miles. I'll alert the office in Manhattan, have them send Franklin's picture to every employee at the rainbow room. Then go have a chat with his wife, woman-to-woman. Ask her why she never once visited her husband at Fox River. Pretend you don't know the answer. That relationship is fragile. We keep tapping on cracks, and she's going to break. Yes, sir, I appreciate the assignment. I... Lang, I don't need gratitude. I need leads, answers, progress. Anybody that can't deliver that just don't even unpack. Clear? Yes, sir. Mr. Wheeler. Stand by. Stay on Scofield. I want the license plate number on that Accord and I want you to get it out on the wire. Yeah. Now. I'll call you back. What's going on? Apparently, I wasn't the only one looking for this car. Right. Let's get out of here. I'm sorry I had to involve you in this. I mean, any more than I already have. Good luck. To you, too. So... I'll see you. I hope so. You all right? Yeah. Good. We're heading west, toward the money, toward L.J. We just got one more stop to make. What for? You trust me? Of course I trust you, Brad. It's just that if anybody finds out about this, - I... - They won't. Let me handle this. Humpty Dumpty climbed up a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Look... I already told the Feds I don't know anything, okay? Those suits with pedicures and penny loafers. Why would you? They have rules to follow, codes of conduct. They got jobs to protect. Now me, on the other hand... Come on, boss. I swear. Those guys didn't let me in on any plans. Then you're telling me in all your little powwows in the yard they never once mentioned what they were going to do once they went over that wall? That's right. Now... I may not work here anymore, Big-Hic, but I still got influence with people who do, people who will do whatever I ask them to to whoever I ask them to. And a... curvy man like yourself... Well, let's just say there's some filthy individuals who might enjoy a cellie with womanly attributes. Now, you're going to tell me everything you know about where those convicts are headed, or I'm going to throw your fat ass to the wolves. Okay, thanks. Mistake number three: Someone reported seeing a man matching Fernando Sucre's description stealing a car. - Where? - Defiance, Ohio. Someone's going down today. I know, mami, I know. Sara... - I paid your bail. - You took your time. I'm the governor. - I do have things that... - Go to hell, dad. You keep this up, this may be the only place I'll be able to see you. Do you even want to hear my side of things? Not particularly, Sara, no. Especially when I have no idea whose "side" you're on. But I do know this. Somebody is going to go down because of what happened at Fox River. And it would be in both of our best interests if that someone was not you. And to ensure this, certain steps need to be taken. One: You should go to a daily recovery meeting. Two: You need to go before a judge and plead not guilty, and three, - dad, I don't... - you need to tell the D. O. C. everything you know about how that prison was being run. And that warden Pope, how he was granting favors to Scofield because Scofield helped him with his personal projects, thereby exposing him to certain restricted areas where he may have been able to obtain a key to the infirmary. I can't do that. Oh, yes you can, Sara. You can do that and you will. I did it, dad. I left the door open, me and no one else. That's not true. - Yes, it is. - That's not true. Sara... just do what you're told, otherwise there will be consequences... that will affect us all. Do you understand what I'm telling you? Yes, I do. Good. In one week... I will be appointed the new Vice President of the United States. There will be a ceremony, you will be invited, but you will not attend. Good-bye, Sara. - Let's put some music on. - Don't. I forgot. No radio. Man, it's quiet out here. Inside, there was always noise, you know? Someone yelling, guards making rounds. I got used to it. You're right. We should go back. The tats... they weren't just for getting out, were they? Breaking out was just the beginning. Now, it gets a little more interesting. 'cause me being strapped to the electric chair wasn't interesting enough? All I'm saying is inside, we had the element of surprise. No one knew what we were planning. There's something about this guy, the one in the elevator. It's like... It's like he knows where we're going, what we're thinking. If that's true, it's just a matter of time before he finds out about the money in Utah, Bolshoi Booze, our way into Mexico. Everything. Are you ready for this? Make the call. Please leave a message. Hey, it's me. I've got Linc. We're on our way there. If for some reason you can't make it, call me back at 9-1-7-4-5-4...</i> We just got this from surveillance. You remember that voicemail Scofield prepaid for when he went off to prison? - Yeah. - Someone just left a message on it. - Who? - Scofield. Something... something about a meeting, it sounded like he was waiting for someone else to check the message and then call him back. This prefix, that's a cell phone number. As long as it's turned on... we can track exactly where he is. Don't do anything stupid. Don't do anything stupid. Is there a problem, officer? Do you know why I pulled you over today, sir? Speeding? Let me see your license and registration please? The thing is, I, uh... I- I-I lost my wallet. Well, I guess your registration will have to do just fine then. So, this is your car, Mrs. Miller? Mrs. Miller's my wife. I'm Mr. Miller. Well. Your tags are expired. I'll be right back. Did he sing? Like a fat, sweaty bird. Hey, sweet pea. - Daddy? - Hey, come here. Oh, look at you. You're so big. Hey, why don't you do me a favor and grab a piece of chalk and draw daddy a picture on the ground, okay? So, how're you feeling, huh? You keeping your appetite up? Sorta. I guess. That's good. That's real good. Oh, God, it's so good to see you, baby girl. Do you understand what daddy is going through right now? Sorta. But the kids at school have been sayin' stuff. Okay, what have they been saying? They're saying you're on tv because you're a bad man. And what do you think? I think if I were someplace and they wouldn't let me leave to see you, I wouldn't do what they said, either. Well, you know what? We are gonna be together real soon. I promise you. But daddy needs you to do him a favor. I need you to get a message to mommy, okay? Okay. Now I need you to tell her if she understood what I told her and if she is willing to trust daddy... that she needs to turn on the porch light at 7:00, okay? Can you remember that? That's a good girl. Dede, stay away from the gate, honey. Daddy gotta get going, okay sweet pea? I love you, daddy. I love you, too, baby. There. It's not much further now. Okay, they moved off the interstate, heading north on route 38. Talk to me. Where? There's a patrolman who thinks he's has Fernando Sucre pulled over outside of Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Get in touch with the local dispatch. Make it clear that we want this man in custody, not in a body bag. Dead men can't tell us where their friends are. Yeah, you got it. - You got a positive I.D.? - It's gotta be, it looks just like him.</i> - Yeah? - Okay.</i> Thank you. - Pursue with caution. - I will.</i> Mr. Miller... I'm gonna have to ask you to place your arms outside the vehicle please. Mr. Miller, I need to see some hands. You ready? Yeah. Now. This is the one. - Do you see him? - Nope. Maybe he didn't get your message. They've stopped. Couple miles up ahead. There's... There's nothing up there. What...? What are they waiting on? Or who? All right, that's good, that's good, that's good. Oh, come on. Come on! Go red. Now, go red! Just one more thing. Do you trust me? Of course. How do you throw the hunter off the scent? Get rid of the prey. Remember, once I hit scan, we'll have about 30 seconds before it reaches 103.7. And then she blows? That's right. Ready? Yeah. All right, let's go. Wait, The music is not changing. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Something's wrong. What happened? I don't know. But we're going to need the explosion. He's here. The radio must have jammed. We're going to have to set it off manually. The car could blow any second, Michael. Well, the feds are going to be here in about two minutes. If it doesn't look like we're dead, we will be. Rock, paper, scissors? - Linc? - It's my turn. Better pray for reception. How many stations between 102. 1 and 103.7? Way out here? Just one, probably. Where's Maricruz? - Hey, look, man... - No, no, Petey. You look. I haven't slept in 72 hours, I've seen a man's hand get chopped off, I've been... I've been shot at, dug up a grave, stolen a car, jumped on a fricking a train, so please, just tell me where she is. Hey, Fernando, slow down, man. I was trying to tell you, but you hung up the phone, man. The wedding, it's in Vegas. The city? Yeah, and they left a few hours ago. Wait, no, no. No, no, no. Come on, hey, come on. Fernando! It's pristine, man. It's just... gonna be back to you in one piece, I promise. Can we go back to the part where I said no? I wish I had another choice. You do have a choice. Come on, man. It's a 1952 Ural motorbike, bro. - If you so much as scratch it... - No scratches... I promise. She's the love of my life, bro. I got to do something. You look like hell. I've been through hell, papi. Now I just got to get to Vegas. Hi, I'm Sara, and I... over the years, I've worked with... more than a few people who had a history of addiction, and... I would tell them that I could understand what they were going through, because I... used to be just like them. I used to be an addict, too. And I think... I think that what's becoming clear to me is that... the reason I understood them is... because I am like them. I never used to be an addict. I... Hi, my name is Sara, and I'm an addict. Hi, Sara. Hi, my name's Lance, and I'm an addict. Hi, Lance. I guess a lot of what Sara just said resonates with me in what I'm going through. Put in all that work, break out of prison, only to end up dead at the bottom of a ditch. Kind of sad really. So, which one of them was it? Shales. Shales? S- Scofield. Might be Scofield. You're probably going to find his brother in there, too. Oscar Shales is this guy Mahone tracked for a while. Nasty little bottom feeder. You know the type. He's still in the wind. Can't get 'em all, right? We should have a pretty clear path to Utah now. They'll turn their attention to the other guys, which means we'll be off their radar for a while. They're going to get the lab results back from the accident, man. We'll be in Mexico by that time. Provided the transport comes through. Oh, come on, baby. In the rainbow room. Do you remember that beautiful spot where we took that picture,</i> the one by the window? I am going to be waiting in that spot one week from now.</i> She sleeping okay? Yeah. Like a baby. Good. So, you said you had some information you wanted to tell me about your husband? Looks like I owe you another one. It's okay. Well, uh, once we get to Mexico, I'll send you $10,000, like I promised. Plus another three for the car. Are you meeting up with her, the doctor? Sara? I, uh...I... I don't know. We should get moving. Next town is a few miles away. That's fine. I can catch a bus from there. Thanks again, Nika. I knew the little whore