Hang up the phone now. This is Michael Scofield. I'm at the Cutback Motel, room 11... and I want to turn myself in. Where is that? It's Holland, where I grew up. You know that. It's beautiful. This message is for Maricruz. I'll be there, in the airport in Ixtapa waiting for you. Hi, my name is Sara, and I'm an addict. Hi, Sara. I'm just looking to do my time; I don't any any trouble. Break it up, convict! No, no, this isn't fun-- what was fun was when Caroline and I would talk about you and the schoolboy crush that you had on her. He proposed to her. - Terrence! - I'm leaving! Terrence, listen to me. Just listen. So many people have suffered because of this, because of you. When the press get here, you can tell the truth. You can end this. Sorry. We interrupt this program for a special news bulletin.</i> It's breaking news out of Cutback, Montana.</i> Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield, two of the prisoners</i> who broke out of Fox River State Penitentiary in Illinois</i> have continued to allude the authorities,</i> leaving a trail of crime in their wake. And today, they left behind something else.</i> My name is Lincoln Burrows, and I'm innocent. - We're done. - There's no other way out of here. Next time you decide to hold a press conference, - do it from a room with a back door. - Just let me think. Montana Highway Patrol. Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows, you'll need to exit with your hands in the air. This is a warning. Exit with your hands up. - What about him? - What about him? He's useless. A dead body? We got fingerprints everywhere. Are you worried someone's gonna pin a murder on you? So what's your plan, leave the body - walk out the front door? - Yes. That's exactly what we're going to do. Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows, you need to exit with your hands up. FBI. Hold your fire. - FBI? - Start rolling. I have Burrows and Scofield in custody. We're coming out. Hold your fire. Hold up, who are you? Federal Bureau of Investigation. We're going to Billings. Wait a minute, let me see that ID again. Okay. Drop the gun! Don't do it! Everybody calm down, and this won't get ugly. All right, you! I want keys to both of cop cars now! Do not do it! Don't listen to him! Get the keys! Linc, get in the car. What's going on? We're getting out of here before anyone else gets hurt. Linc, start it. Come on! Come on! Stay there or I will drop him. - I'm not gonna tell you again. - One more step and I drop him. Come on! Open my door. Welcome back. - You feeling...? - Much better. Update? Okay, you got it. Get a lead on something? One of the COs from Fox River, Brad Bellick, got locked up last night for the murder of another guard. Wait, we're looking for COs now? What about the escapees? Scofield? Burrows? Nothing on them currently. Also, Franklin's wife... was taken into custody - in North Dakota. - His wife? Line two. This is Agent Mahone. How long ago? I'll make you a deal-- if you don't move a muscle, I won't blow your head off. No one's gonna hurt you, Greg. Where are we going, Michael? Can't keep driving. We lost Steadman. Sara's in the wind. Turn it up. for the murder of the president's brother.</i> The president could not be reached for comment,</i> as she continues to tour the Midwest, showing-up support in the key states. For entrepreneurs, orange growers,²iron workers and artists, the American dream is alive and well for all of us. Reynolds travels to Colorado tomorrow for a scheduled appearance in Denver this evening.</i> Pull over. What for? Just pull over. Get out. Over here. Want to drop off this kid? Later. We should get rid of Kellerman, too. We don't need him. Actually, we do. We still have assets. It's just a question of how we use them. 2x15 Transcript: swsub.com (V.1.00) Nurse. Nuse! You ain't no nurse. You right about that. Oh, that's a pretty shiner you got, Captain. Must make you think about all the times you walked around here in your fancy guard outfit, turning a blind eye to everything you saw that was wrong. "Who me? Oh, I didn't see nothing." How that blind eye feel now? You son of a bitch. You get used to it. Hear old one-eyed jack's gonna be getting screwed in the socket. - Over my dead body. - No. A dead man can't feel a beat-down. And you got a lot more coming your way. Come on now, let's go. It'll take the feds a while to figure that out. What time is it? A little after 9:00. - It's gonna be tight. - 450 miles in six hours. - What do you think? - Got to move now. Eyes front. Hey, look at this. It's perfect. You ready? Yep. Here, Larry, that's for you. What about this? This is too small. Why didn't it float? Why didn't it...? I need more wood. Wood floats. This will work. Hey, man. We were just wondering if you could buy us some beer. Yeah, sure. Can I get some food for my dog, too? Do whatever thing you got to do, man. You can even keep a beer for yourself. My dad used to drink. You're going to want to see this. We've shut down every freeway so far in central Montana, no sign of them. Go wider: Get troopers on and 90 and 94, all the way through Wyoming, and call Whitefish. Have him lock down the Canadian border at 15. My name is Lincoln Burrows, and I'm innocent.</i> I escaped from Fox River Penitentiary because I was sentenced to death for a crime I did not commit.</i> I did not murder Terrence Steadman. He committed suicide last night in the Cutback Motel,</i> 30 miles outside of his home in Blackfoot, Montana.</i> He killed himself out of fear. Fear of the people who have been hiding him</i> for the past three years. The same people who want my brother dead.</i> They don't want you to know who they are, but know this:</i> They've stolen billions of dollars and murdered dozens of innocent people. And yet they plaster our faces on the news,</i> and tell you to be afraid. They are a group of multinationals with corporate interests.</i> Together, they're known as The Company. They are working with the highest levels of government,</i> including the President of the United States.</i> Damage control immediately, before this hits page one. - It's already airing, sir. - Start a wildfire in Florida! Find a lost storage unit full of Arabs! I do not care! As long as it's not about Lincoln Burrows! And they operate with impunity under the cover of the Secret Service,</i> the very people meant to protect and serve.</i> Much blame has been placed on another innocent person:<i> Dr. Sara Tancredi. Do we know how long the videotape lasts? 26 minutes, beginning to end. It's all online. I know I can't ask you for another chance.</i> I can only hope that, by now, you've found your safe haven. Start a transcript. I need every word. ...your commitment to help others, and I put you in a place</i> that's every doctor's nightmare. I wish I could do things differently... Call Montana, have them send an agent to talk to the cameraman. I want to know what he saw, what he heard, what they were wearing-- anything he can give us. One man, Special Agent Alexander Mahone, is responsible for multiple deaths. He murdered not only John Abruzzi and David Apolskis,</i> but also the last fugitive he was assigned to chase:</i> a man named Oscar Shales. A man who escaped from prison two years ago,</i> who remains one of this country's most wanted</i> despite the fact he will never be found. - The guy's nuts. - <i>He'll do whatever it takes</i> to make the deaths look official like they happened in the line of duty--</i> Disappearances... - Hey, thank you. - Sure. Here you go. What's the wood for? I'm building a raft. I need more wood if I'm going to make it to Holland. - Holland? - Yeah. Want to see it? The raft? You're going to try to get from here to Holland in that? Yeah, good luck, Gilligan. I'm going to take a leak. How are you going to know where you're going? Do you have, like a map or anything? Yeah. I do. It's-it's right... Oh, it's right here. That's your map? Well, I really hope you make it. You know, every morning, I wake up and wonder what it would be like to just disappear. And you're just going to do it. I think it's great. What happened to your arm? My dad drinks, too. What's going on? - Oh, nothing. - No, no. No, no, don't... - I-I... - Let me go ! - I just want to fix it. - Let me go. - No, I just want... - Stop! Matt, will you take me home, please? No, I... Freak. All right, now, Brad, how we doing? I could be better. Yeah, that's a nasty contusion, but it should go down in about 24 hours. I got your paperwork here for your transfer back to Gen Pop. Already? Move 'em in, move 'em out, you know the policy. Katie... You look nice today. You worked here over ten years, right? Something like that. That's a long time we've been friends. Brad, if you think I can pull some strings to keep you out of Gen Pop, I can't do that. Please. Please, You can't send me back there. Do you want that responsibility, knowing what they'll do to me? Just listen, please. One more night. Just let me stay here tonight. I know you can do that. And when you go home, just leave that door open for me. They hung a sheet behind their heads on the wall. One of them-- the guy with the gun-- he found it while Burrows and Scofield were talking about how far they had to go. Scofield said something about 450 miles in six hours. 450 miles to where? I don't know. 450 miles in six hours. Any point on this circle could be their final destination. 75 miles per hour, stopping for gas. - It's doable. - Yeah? Where are they? I'm not sure. I still need more time. This can't happen fast enough, Mr. Mahone. They've already done irreparable damage. Scofield made the video in a storage facility somewhere between Great Falls and Helena not long after sunrise. From there, the witness said they had 450 miles to get where they were going. There's Seattle, Portland, Salt Lake, Denver... Denver? Yes. What? The president is speaking there this afternoon. 3:00. Six hours from when they made the video. They're going after the president. A tape reported to be made by escaped convicts</i> Lincoln Burrows and Michael Scofield was immediately dismissed by the Justice Department,</i> as entirely baseless, which brings us back to the story</i> we'll be continuing to follow throughout the day.</i> The terror threat has been raised to Orange</i> as a storage unit rented by several Arab Americans</i> was suddenly seized. They buried it, dumped it off the front page and buried it. - It's what they do. - They can spin it all they want, it's out there now. Give it time. The tape is gonna work. This is a Hail Mary, man. If we don't get to her... Getting to her is the easy part. It's what we do after that's the problem. Which is why this has to happen quickly. Once anyone knows we have her, the curtain comes down. I'll tell the White House to cancel the President's speech. No. If they change her itinerary, they'll know something's up, and they're gonna go right back into hiding. We've found them before, we can find them again... These are not pets, Agent Wheeler. Yeah, thanks, I'm pretty clear on that, but if you're gonna use the Commander in Chief as bait, it's certainly not gonna... You have a problem with the way that I do things? Yeah. And I'm not the only one. Is that right? Internal Affairs has asked me to run all your moves through them from here on out. Then get a pen, and make sure you get this word-for-word. the President's day does not change. The only lead we have is that we know where these men are headed. So we're gonna keep quiet about this and let 'em come. Now, get out of my office. They're two of the most recognizable faces in America. How do they think they're gonna get anywhere near the President? Because it's not just the two of them anymore. I'm gonna go take a closer look at that video. If I may, sir, the President... Are you certain we should keep her in the dark on this? Because there is a scenario where... she could be useful. It is... her ass on the line, sir. And I think we're all pretty clear she's been known to get her hands dirty when that line gets too close. We should let her know just how close it is. Finished? They did a good job masking the room. No reflections, no flares. Audio markers-- church bells, construction, traffic, anything? The room tone tells us they were in a large space. About 100,000 cubic feet. So the kid with the camera, his story matches up? We clocked the quality of light with the time of day and it pretty much fits his wheres and whens. All right. Content! The usual tells. Eyes, hands, feet. Burrows, we were able to baseline him off the footage from his trial, so we got even more clarity there. I escaped from Fox River Penitentiary because I was sentenced to death for a crime I did not commit.</i> I did not murder Terrence Steadman. Okay, there. The eyes. - See it? - Yes, slight shift to the left then up. Yeah, blink rate's up here versus the pattern. He committed suicide last night in the Cutback Motel</i> 30 miles outside from this home in Blackfoot, Montana.</i> He's lying. Seems so. Okay. Here, Burrows, arms folded. He's protecting himself. They'll do whatever it takes... Not a lot of confidence in his words. ...like they happen in the line of duty. Okay, that means something other than what he's saying. Like our father, Aldo Burrows... Posture, shoulders in, for emphasis. Really wants your attention here. Our attorney, Veronica Donovan... - I was on the phone... - There. - ...shot her like an animal. - Adam's apple. Zoom in, zoom in. See? He's swallowing. Throat's dry. - That's a lie. - Yeah. His behavior is textbook. If there's anything in here about what they plan on doing in Denver, they're gonna tell us. If you say it that way, it plays too earnest. 'Course it will. It's the truth. Okay, but the truth sends them home to the wife and kids. Lies will keep them busy. I'm not telling a lie to the whole country. It's our one chance to say it out... Yeah, say whatever the hell you want. Tell them you're the Green Lantern, but I know how they break down these tapes. I've done it. Every detail matters. Bin Laden crosses his legs right over left tells us something completely different than left over right. It's not the same message. To them, it is. If you want this plan to work, whatever you say with your mouths, you need to be saying something different with your bodies and your eyes. Slightly up and to the left. Yes. Much blame has been placed on another innocent person... President's motorcade is rolling in. So far no sign of the brothers. Right there! What's Scofield doing with his hand? We've been throwing them a bunch of fast balls. What do you say we mix it up a little? Like what? We think it's Morse code. For what? Right now, we've got a phrase: "The water is warm." Any idea what that might mean? What the hell does that mean? Nothing. It'll take the Feds a while to figure that out. We have teams checking the surrounding counties for the water temps. It might be a message to an accomplice. The Platte river runs through the city. - They may be trying... - It doesn't mean anything! He's traveling with an ex-Secret Service guy. I guess they're spoon-feeding us every lead they want us to follow. So all this is just a distraction while they go after the President? They had to know the tape would be discredited. They had to know that we'd talk to the cameraman. There's something else going on, here. ...on another innocent person, Dr. Sara Tancredi. Sara, if you're listening, I know I can't ask you for another chance.</i> I only hope by now you've found your safe haven.</i> I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others and put your in a place that's every doctor's nightmare.</i> Sara, if you're listening, I know I can't ask you for another chance.</i> I only hope by now you've found your safe haven.</i> I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others, and put your in a place that's every doctor's nightmare.</i> ...of your commitment to help others, and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare.</i> I've considered many ways to apologize, but I must arrive at one. There's more of the same here. Body language just tells that... It doesn't look like he means it at all. I don't care what it looks like. Play it again. - I don't see... - Play it again! I only hope by now you've found your safe haven.</i> I took advantage of you, of your commitment to help others, and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare.</i> His voice, would you say he sounds sincere when he's talking to her as opposed to when he's talking about their crimes? - I guess you could say that. - I did say that. Would you say that? I wish I could do this differently but it's too late for that now.</i> Yeah. It's too late for you and for others. People murdered by government operatives...</i> This isn't about Steadman, and it's not about their innocence. - What do you mean? - They're not after the President. They're going after the doctor. I want everything we've got on Sara Tancredi! Friends, families, pen-pals. If anybody so much as wrote her a thank-you note, I want to know where the hell they are! Now! Yes. Joe... Sara Tancredi. Dad dead, mom dead. E-mail account shows a minimal list of contacts with very little activity. Credit cards used mostly for groceries, sporadic clothing shopping and... the purchase of single movie tickets. And ob-gyn records tell us she's had very little in the way of sexual relationships recently. To tell you the truth, I would say the bulk of her life was her work. Excuse me, sir, where are you going? Apparently, we took out a janitor. When it all comes down, all of this will get cleared up. Well, it ain't coming down if we don't get Sara. She'll be here. I want to speak to my brother. We got to start thinking about what to do if she doesn't show. Or if she does. What if the only reason this guy's helping us is to get whatever information Sara has? What if this is just one giant setup? Well, good night. It's about time you come home. Been out with that Feytek boy again? Sasha. You may look like me... but you take after your mom when it comes to boys, now, don't you? Hopefully, with a little better taste. Damn it, girl, you are gonna show me some respect. I know Sara didn't have many friends. She's sort of a loner. But you were her friend. I like to think so, yes. And you have no idea where she is now? This is a transcript of the Scofield-Burrows videotape. I highlighted the part where he talks directly to Sara. Mean anything to you? You have no idea where she might meet him, if... that's his plan? Is Brad Bellick still here in the infirmary? Yeah. Why? You must be loving this. I didn't drive all this way to gloat. Well, then what the hell you come here for? First, I really... got to tip my cap to you. You've managed to draw a bead on the convicts more often than my own staff. Well, thanks for the "attaboy," but... as you can see, the correctional system doesn't share your gratitude. I won't take much of your time, but I do have a few questions. - About...? - Sara Tancredi. She listed you as a reference on her job application to work here. You know her well? I'd know her a lot better if you can get my ass moved to Ad Seg. I have no influence with the D.O.C.-- you know that. If you want my help, you do. I'll talk to the warden and see what I can do right after you give me some answers. Scofield likes to communicate with Sara via coded message. Do you recognize anything here? - Anything that he's trying to tell her? I mean, he's saying he's sorry. Not that that's gonna do any good with Dr. Cold Shoulder. But... What? Ad Seg. Yeah. All right, you see here, where it says this stuff about "another chance." "Safe haven." That's out of the big book. What big book? Alcoholics Anonymous. Sara's in recovery. - Yeah, I'm aware of that. - Those are the names of some of the chapters in the book they use in AA. Do you have a copy of the Alcoholics Anonymous book? Sara, if you're listening, I know I can't ask you for another chance.</i> I can only hope by now you've found your safe haven.</i> I took advantage of you, your commitment to help others</i> and put you in a place that's every doctor's nightmare.</i> I've considered many ways to apologize, but I must arrive at one. - It's getting late. - I know. She's not here. I know that, too. There is a chance she didn't get the message. Or maybe she's just sick of all this. The girl bailed on you back in Gila. What makes you think she's gonna come running back now? The same thing that's been keeping us going for the last three months: faith. Yeah, well... reality's kicking faith's ass, man. - Look... -  Wait, wait. Wait? Man, we can't wait anymore. Listen, listen. Once again, Michael Crane, please report to the front desk. You have a telephone call. Yeah. Sara Tancredi. That's right. She might be with them now. Just call the local police in Akron and tell them to get everyone they have over to St. Thomas Hospital now. Michael Crane. I think you have a call for me. Thank you. This is Mr. Crane. It sounded better than "Origami". Even if you got the message, I wasn't sure you'd respond. I couldn't get to you in time. This is the only thing I could think of. I swore I'd leave you alone, but I had to contact you. Because I have something? How'd you know? Michael, back in Gila I was coming back to you.</i> Somebody... grabbed me, and they... they told me that my father had given me something. Did someone hurt you? I got away. Michael, I want for this to be over. That makes two of us. Do you think that's possible? With your help, yes. It's just a question of looking at whatever it is your father gave you. It's just... It's just a key. Well, we'll figure it out. Together. I like the sound of that. Me, too. Hello, Paul. Madam President, it's been a while. I know. I'm calling to apologize. Okay. I am so sorry. It all just got away from me, and I ended up hurting</i> the one person who's always been at my side.</i> I want you to come home, Paul. We can fix this together. But not with those brothers running around the country</i> tearing down the very office you helped me build.</i> Caroline... I want to make it up to you. Please, bring them in, Paul, and everything can go back</i> to the way it was. I have to go now. I'll see you soon. Did you talk to Sara?