So scylla isn't one card. It's six. How long has it been happening? It's not a big deal. It was a big deal when you were 13. Michael told you about mom? No. As a kid, she got nosebleeds. In her 30s, they started up again. How old was your mom when she passed away? Who's that? That's the man that killed my son. yes? It's like a digital black hole. It swallows up any electronic data within ten feet. Mr. Glenn? We got a problem. What's that do? It's a battery pack for a video game console. You'll need to buy a new one. Scylla. Get it to me by tomorrow and you will receive 50% of the fee. Two days, 25%. Three days, I shoot you through the brain. who is this? Hello, michael. CHICAGO 2001 You know what? If crab ever throws a psycho at us like this again, I'm going to kill him. Yeah, but if we don't get this psycho, crab's going to kill us. Just have the burner ready. Got it covered. After this job, I'm done, man. I can't do this anymore. What do you think crab will say about that? I don't care what crab says about that. How can I be a good father if I'm always in prison? I missed out on my kid's childhood. I'm not going to miss out on him becoming a man. You know, not for nothing, but this plan is crazy even for you. You sure this is the only way? Yeah. Hey look. He's coming out. He's got the case. let's buckle up. Put your hands up! Put your hands up! You're welcome. Let's go! So wait a minute. This is your brilliant plan? You're going to pull a kamikaze mission on the general's car? Now that the device is gone, your opinion doesn't matter. So shut up and pump. We know the general travels light. One limo and a couple of guards. It ain't the guards I'm worried about; it's the crash. Look, I never said this was going to be easy. Just relax. First off, panama was a job. Some other time. What do you want with scylla? That's my business. We're not in panama anymore, and I'm not behind a fence, so, again, what do you want with scylla? Same thing you want: Bring down the company. Great. Then why don't you give me those missing pages and disappear? I'd love to. You remember that day at the roosevelt when whistler made off with lief's card? Who do you think took the fall for that? Our names are at the top of the same hit list. Now, I don't know what arrangement you two have, but I need some traveling money. Let's talk about that later. Why don't we talk about the kind of scum you're willing to put on the payroll? Give me a way to do it without her, and we'll do it. We need the pages. It's a package deal. Are we partners? Partners. Look, I barely dropped a nickel in the slots, right? This guy was all... we ought to blanket party your ass. Where's the device? - Can it be salvaged? - Tell him. Pit boss walked off with it. Okay. Well, we're going to call this your early retirement. You can either go upstairs and sit on your cot and ride ut the rest of this thing, or I can call agent self and you can ride out the rest of your prison sentence. Your choice. I need to talk to you. So your brother told me about your nosebleeds. And he told me about your mom. That wasn't his place. To be worried about you? When mom got sick, linc was at the hospital every day, holding her hand, watching her die, and he was 13. It changed him. It made him overprotective. And now he's jumping to all the wrong conclusions for all the wrong reasons, and it'S... it's over nothing because I'm fine. You don't look fine. Well, maybe that's because there's something I have to tell you. Gretchen's alive. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâ °îµÂÖí »ð¼ý¼ý</font> Prison Break Season04 Episode08</font> She's working with t-bag, and they have several pages from whistler's bird book, and they want in on scylla. Self is cutting them a deal as we speak. Self knows that they have their own agenda, but so do we and as soon as we get those pages back, gretchen and t-bag are going to pay for everything. They're going to get exactly what's coming to them. Okay. This isn't about gretchen. It's not about any one person. And we... we have to finish it. I need a minute. Please. I can't believe this! What choice do we have? Gretchen's on the team. Like it or not, we need those pages. Another perra we're jumping in bed with? Not exactly new territory for us. I don't care who we gotta partner up with. We get those papers, we make with the break-in, we get this job done. She could still have ties to the company, man. I don't know. We'll worry about gretchen when the time is right. For now, let's focus on the general. This thing with gretchen doesn't change a thing. We're, uh... we're still close. Closer to scylla, farther from wyatt. You don't know that. Just stay focused, all rht? This is my focus, okay? I'm doing the job, okay? All right? All right? Every day, the trail to my son's killer gets a little bit colder. That's all I do is focus. What are you doing? it's just... we're going to need that downstairs. Yeah. I'll just, uh... be up here. How much....... I see you two have come to an agreement. She's on work release, just like you. What kind of work? You and the secretary keep things quiet in the office while michael tunnels to scylla. you really think scofield's gonna keep his word, huh? You horsewhipped the woman he loves. Michael wants scylla just as badly as we do. Yeah, he wanted out of prison, too. Our partnership lasted long enough for that to happen, and then... we parted ways. Trust me. Yeah, um, go on in, sir. Scofield will use you and then he's gonna bury the knife in your back for what you did to his lady friend. Mr. Pfeiffer. Cole. where's scylla? Good morning to you, too, sir. Gentlemen. I gave you three days. Where's scylla? now, uh, mr. Feng, let's not do anything rash. So you're feng. We haven't actually met in person. I was the liaison between the company and your chinese employers on operation copperhead. Susan? That's right. You went from working for the company to stealing the one thing that could destroy them. That's a tight turn. With a price that scylla commands on the open market, anybody would turn. Which is, by the way, 200. Our paths never crossed on copperhead, but I did deal with one of your colleagues; a less-capable associate. Whatever happened to him? He was skinned and hung from an overpass. Oh, yes, I recall. He couldn't deliver on promises made. You may also recall that he was my predecessor. When I joined copperhead, you got what you wanted. You'll get scylla, too. If I don't, I'll peel you like a wet grape. And the price is 100. Don't disappoint me. Well, 125... million. Well, then, susan, gretchen, whatever your name is, I suggest you find a way to bury the hatchet with michael scofield's woman. We got work to do. Why do I get the feeling that some poor bastard woke up to an empty driveway this morning? Relax, we got it from a scrap yard. And you're pinning the hopes of the entire mission on that relic? If it was card one, I'd say no. If this was card five, I'd say no, but it's the last card. I really think we can stage a hit-and-run and get away with it. All right, we know where this guy works. We know his route. I'm gonna wait for him at this intersection. He drives through. I smash him with my car, get the card. And if by some miracle you walked away from the crash, the general's gonna know that you ripped him off. Not if I pump him full of morphine first. The general's gonna wake up tomorrow morning in the hospital feeling happy as a clam with no idea what happened to him. When he's out cold, we download the card onto the laptop and put the original back on him. And you don't think this is gonna look suspicious for the paramedics that show up at the scene? That depends on who the paramedics are. At the federal impound lot downtown, there are currently four ambulances seized in a drug-smuggling ring. All we need is one. Go make yourself useful. Time was commanders would assemble their troops before a battle and rehearse schemes of maneuver on a square of dirt using rocks to depict enemy positions. They called these rehearsals "rock drills." Laos was our rock drill. Now... it's time for the battle to commence. Griffin. Flooding the laotian market with counterfeit kip was highly effective. In phase two, the effect will take longer, but the result will inevitably be the same. I'm signing off on the order to open up the next theater of operations. Excuse me. The message is untraceable. Someone went to a lot of trouble to cover their tracks. How do we know this person can deliver the brothers? We don'T. Bait the hook. See if he bites. Hey-hey, my friend! Who the hell are you? Don self, homeland security. Phil stroger. - How's it going? - Good. This is a grande. This thing cost me nine bucks. You california types and your gourmet coffee. Hey, can I help you with something? This is a federal impound lot, correct? Yeah. Okay, I think it's pretty obvious, phil, I need a car. So you told sara about the nosebleeds, huh? I'm worried about you. Well, why don't you stop starting fires that I have to put out? Mom couldn't outrun this. What makes you think you... It's not mom, all right? That was 20 years ago. This is different. It's totally different. get in. So my section chief comes over to the rookie's stretcher and he goes, "you got one hell of a workman's comp claim, kid." hey, uh, let's get that trip ticket started. Looks like I can hook you up with a sedan for your stakeout. You know what, phil? I gotta go. What are you talking about? I just remembered. I got to give a briefing to a bunch of higher-ups. Can I come back for the sedan? Suit yourself, self. I'll be back. don self. I need you to deliver a message. Okay. I see your boyfriend's no longer sporting the latest fashion in gps technology. So, if neither one of you are wearing ankle monitors, what are you still doing here? You should be having hot fugitive sex in every cash only no-tell motel from here to mexico. Some things are more important than what two people want, roland. I honestly hope that someday that makes sense to you. Look, sara... I'm sorry. For vegas. I'm sorry for vegas. hello? Listen, I have a message for you from gretchen. She wants to meet with you tonight at 7:00 P.M.At the safari motel on 109. Why? She says she wants to clear the air, whatever that means. Sara? I'm not interested. Okay. I got a bad feeling about this. I'm the one on point. You're in the ambulance. Why are you so worried? I just got a feeling. If anything should happen, call my mom in chicago. Tell her I didn't die like a damn convict locked up in some penitentiary. Nothing's gonna happen. - You ready for this? - Yeah. Me and sucre got this. I know you do. Good luck. All right. 1 million -........ I'm in position. Got it, alex. The rest of us are standing by at the intersection. No one's expecting you to actually treat this bastard, right? Yeah, I'm still a doctor. Sucre, how you guys doing? Got to be kidding me. Sucre, you copy? We're good. Being as I was the original recipient of the late mr. Whistler's artwork... what's my cut? $25 million. just so you know, I have a very keen sense of ownership. Six headstones in coosa county cemetery can attest to that fact. The names on those grave markers took a six pack of schlitz I had cooling in the river. That particular transgression put me back five bucks. Imagine what I'd do for $25 million. You'll get your cut. But you're gonna earn it. And how much of that payday is scofield and his crew earning? Oh, I doubt they'll be around to collect. There's a lot of blood being spilled and a lot of money being offered up for just a little old black book. What's so funny? That everyone thinks that scylla is just the company's little black book. how do i konw i can trust you? king willow now hey,buddy. I understand from lincoln your mom had a hamartoma in her right frontal lobe. That's right. When a tumor like that gets large enough to be problematic,it's gonna come with a lot of symptoms. Loss of short-term memory,problems with your depth perception,problems with your motor skills. If you had anything like that,you'd let me know. Yes,but I haven'T.And I won'T.And I'm fine. ******** - Michael. - yeah The general is leaving. The general is leaving. All right,everybody get ready. - You doing all right? - Fine.Just not so good around blood is all. I'll take care of the messy part,you just help me get him on the gurney. doesn't take two people to crash a car,you know. You're kidding me,right?After all I've been through with you? Now you're worried about my ass? - Shut up and drive,okay? - Buckle up. what is it? Linc,we got him.He's two blocks away from you. We're on it. Here we go. - what's he doing? - Something's wrong. He's turning around. Linc,pull back!It's a trap. Let's get out of here. what the... Sucre,get down! Come on,linc! - Faster! - Keep your head down!Hang on! You all right? Damn,you're hit! At subway stay with us,fernando.You're going to be all right. He came straight at us.We were set up. So you're saying that they knew we were going to be there? Then they know about this place. - That's exactly what I'm saying. - Brad,I'm gonna need some gauze. Somebody could be coming here right now. If they knew about this place,we'd already be dead. What about that gretchen chick? She's got a couple of pages from whistler's bird book. It doesn't make her psychic. Brad,I need some gauze. ********** Well,it looks like someone set us up. - Seriously? - Yeah. And I'm wondering if it was you. Okay,first you give me the leper treatment,and now I'm a traitor is that right? Come on,roland,who else could've known we were going at that intersection? You know what,just because I didn't do time with you guys,it doesn't make me a rat. All right?I put just as much into this job as anybody else. Okay,I make one little mistake and all of a sudden I'm judas? No,you know what?You know,no. Call self,okay,because... because I'm gonna go back to the can. - I'm done with this... - all right.Just calm down. Calm down. I want you to look up all the local businesses at the corner of king and willow. I need the ones with exterior security cameras, 'cause I'm looking for a license plate number,all right? How about an apology? Where the hell is scofield? We've been waiting for him to break ground all day. He's taking care of one last thing.He'll be here in the morning. And sara,what'd she say about our meeting? She's not interested. Okay,well,if she changes her mind,I'll be there. Just so everyone knows,this is sara's last chance to settle up. I want all the grievances out on the table so we can move forward. Listen to me,skank. You just got your stripes ripped off your sleeve by your old boss. So whatever clout you had with the company,it's gone. You work for me now. So you can try to pull rank on the hick here all you want, but don't mistake my patience for weakness. You're alive right now for one reason: Because I'm allowing you to be. So when I get scylla,you'll get your traveling money. And when this is over,if you step one foot on american soil,I'm gonna take this gun... and I'm gonna put a bullet right there. And that goes for you,too,gummo. Are we clear? We're clear. Here. I made this. It's a chart of all the people coming in and out of the office, showing which times of the day are the busiest and which are best for digging. Just answer the phones. I'll handle this. - Did you get it? - ***** Hurry up. Why are we doing this again? It's an insurance policy. If she tries to get out of that big scylla payday. How big of a payday? One million dollars. You put a gun on me again,and these aren't the only set of prints I'll be copying. From this moment on,we are allies. She watching? Yes. - Brace yourself. - For what? Don't you ever come in my office again unless you're summoned! Burrows was in the car. It appears our source is dependable. When I said bait the hook,I did not mean with me. They came that close to killing me. I wouldn't let that happen. But if you're unhappy with my methods, maybe you should parcel out the job to someone else. I don't accept resignations. Close the deal with the mystery man and bring the brothers to me today or your severence pay will be a body bag. Broad daylight,city street,and they knew your route. If scofield's mission was to kill you,he'd have a better way to do it. - Sara,you need anything? - I'm good,michael. I'm good. Almost done,fernando. ********* I would've died on this table if it weren't for you,doc. Just wait till you get my bill. Hang in there,sucre. Even if the warehouse ain't on the company's radar,we sure as hell arE. - This job's over. - You don't know that. I ain't going back to fox river,I know that. What do you think self is gonna do when he finds out the company made us? we're about to find out. Yeah? Hey,where the hell is roland?His gps just went offline. I'm here. Well? Took the corolla. Take his laptop,too? Yeah. Alex. You doing okay? How much longer? Almost. Hey,you got this covered? What are you still doing here? Go get the son of a bitch. All done. you got my money? Oh,yo,I thought this was going to be a legit business transaction,okay? You don't got my money,I don't got the location of the brothers. Where are they? Oh,god!What are you doing? Sara... hi,sara. A former mentor of mine once told me a story that I think applies to this situation. At the end of the civil war,grant's union army had lee's confederate soldiers outflanked at appomattox. Lee understood the futility of more bloodshed,so he requested a cease-fire. He wanted to bring an end to the fighting. Soldiers that had been killing each other that morning, walked across the lines that afternoon for the first time as allies to trade northern coffee for southern tobacco. Now,I don't expect us to exchange gifts,but that doesn't mean we can't be allies. Of course,you can't have a cease-fire without both parties getting what they want. You have five minutes. Put as many scars on my back as possible. I don't want to rush you,but you have four minutes left. What was her name? This is a one-time deal,sara. You want your pound of flesh,you take it now. What was her name? Who? The guard-- the one you shot and left to die in my arms. That's what this is about? A guard that couldn't do her job? What was her name? what was her name? Taylor. Her first name? Michelle... I think. You should know that this isn't about me. I can handle the scars you put on my back,but what you did to michelle... I had orders. She tried to help you escape. She did help me escape. She didn't try. Sara... you were too busy making an example out of her to find the key that she left with me. Then she got what she deserved. She saved my life. And you took hers. You proved your point. We're even. We're a long way from even. And when this is over,you'll pay for michelle. where are they? the thing about a gunshot to the kneecap-- it takes days to die from it. now,if I were to shoot you,let's say,here... the hollow point would tumble through you leaving white-hot slivers in your insides, causing unimaginable pain. Only ending when you bled out on this pavement. You don't want that,do you? Then tell me where the brothers are. They're in a warehouse. Pier 31,san pedro-- they're all there. Please... thank you. No! What are you doing? I told you what you wanted... Enough. You'll get your shot. Now back off. Alex,listen to him. Hey,hey,you'll get your shot,man. You'll get your shot. Michael,come on. He sold us out. What are you doing? We got to go. Wait... Michael,let's go. Don't hand me any more updates. They're surveilling me. They're coming after me. General,we'll get them. This isn't the first time someone's made an attempt on your life. This is not an attempt on my life. This is an attempt on my card. Get wyatt. We're trying to contact him. Don't try anything-- just get wyatt. How do you want to proceed? I want it moved. To make the necessary arrangements for security would take days. I don't care about logistics. I want it moved. Move scylla. Now! I'm sorry... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I know. I know. I'm not ready to go,man. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-