Jane's gonna look after you. I have a sister, I haven't talked to in 15 years. You think she's better off for it? - Bruce? - I know we said not to use this number, but I just needed to know you were okay. It was you. What are you talking about, Sara? - I got three words for you. - Yeah? We gotta run. I want to turn myself in. But I got one condition. Your wife was released an hour ago. She'll be here soon. Just hold up your end of the deal. I'll get you Scofield. An NSA analyst sympathetic to our cause got his hands on a phone conversation the president had with Terrence Steadman two weeks after after you supposedly killed him. 24 hours later, Tancredi is dead, the analyst is missing, and the White House Echelon tapes have been deleted from the mainframe. There's a tape, gives us everything we need. Linc will be set free if we find it. You have something here. There are gonna be a lot of people who wish you didn't, but you do. You think it's a conversation? One they don't want us to hear. You ready? Let's do it. Oh, my God. Patoshik... dead. Franklin, incarcerated and assisting with the capture of Scofield and Burrows. What exactly is the protocol with that? I'll handle that. We're at the halfway mark, people. Burrows, Scofield... Bagwell, Sucre... they're still out there. - Now, I heard a report came in from... - Mexico. Fernando Sucre was almost apprehended at the airport in Ixtapa. Excuse me. My office, please. What the hell are you doing here? I came for my damn money. - Your what? - The Patoshik reward money. See, how a reward works is, someone gets rewarded the money, and since I'm the one who bloodhounded Haywire, the money gets rewarded to me. You come to my office... If you'd returned any of my calls, I wouldn't have had to. We had a deal. The deal was that you stay under the radar. Is this under the radar, Brad? No, this is an office full of federal agents, who now have all seen your face. Yeah, I don't care what they see. Hell, if you don't pay up, I'll go out there and drop trou. Patoshik died, you stupid son of a bitch. There's paperwork involved. Of course you're going to get the money. But you're gonna have to be patient. And if you ever... come in my office again, you'll not only never see the cash, you'll never see another sunrise. Now, are we gonna keep crying about money you've already got coming to you? Or do you want to make some more? I'm listening. Ever been to Mexico? We give this thing to the press, the government's gonna discredit it, just like they did with the tape we made. So what do we do with it? Dad said there're still people in the administration that he was working with. If we give the tape to them, they'll finally have the smoking gun they need to bring Mrs. Reynolds down. But they'll release the tape... not us. And how can she discredit her own appointees? Sure. We're gonna give the only thing that can exonerate me to someone who works for the government? The same government that set me up?! We'll have to find someone we can trust, someone honest. Jane Phillips. She'll know someone that can help us. She worked with Dad; she's watching LJ. I trust her, Michael. She'll do it; she'll find someone. Well, I hope you're right. Because this is our last shot. This'll do you right. She's a Remington 700. She a clean shot? Like a good woman, she does not stray. Varmint, stainless steel fluted barrel, heavyweight caliber, 175-grain hollow point. I'll take the case, too. She's a throw-in. Serial numbers have been cleaned. Chamber's been scraped to throw off ballistics, just in case you're not, you know, shooting at tin cans. No, I'm hunting bigger game than that. Subtitle : www.swsub.com (V.1.00) Transcript : swsub.com Radio silence. Look, I just don't know how often he checks this thing, all right? Well, it seems not that often, considering you've posted three messages. I'm starting to wonder why I need you at all. To get Scofield. What? What are we doing here? Well, I can type, and Scofield can't see who's sending him the messages. Well, you know what, he's gonna see whatever little rent-a-Fed cops that you guys have set up, whatever place you'll set up to meet him. Now, you and I both know how smart this kid is, right? Smarter than you, considering you're the one - who's wearing bright orange. - Oh, yeah? Yeah. Fish is not gonna peek his little white ass out from any rock that he's hiding unless he sees a familiar face. A famili... And that's your face, right? Yeah! Don't pretend - You said Sucre... - like you don't need me! You heard him telling Sucre about a Web site! Don't act like you don't need me! You overheard something? - Look, he's a Boy Scout, he... - I don't see... He helps, okay?! If you have a little bit of patience, he will hit me back! I'm the only one helping your family right now. - I help my family, okay? - So do I. I'm the one who released Kacee, who got Dede medical care, who allows you to visit them, and I'm the one that can take it away. Well, you know what, it looks like we both need each other, doesn't it? - Do we? - So I am gonna hold up my end of the bargain, and guess what? You hold up yours. Now, get off my back. You can get what you want. Just give me what I want. Give me Scofield. Hey, buddy. Dad? Yeah, it's me. How you holding up? Okay. How about you? Good. I... I miss you. Yeah, me, too. I didn't know you had Jane's number. Yeah, well, uh, we exchanged numbers when you guys split. You never called. No. Yeah... I'm sorry, it's been... It's been dangerous. You know? A little dangerous. It's okay. LJ... Listen, I know I've said this before, but I think we've found something that's finally gonna put this stuff behind us. When it's good, when it's safe, I'm going to come and get you. You, me, your uncle... Dad. Yeah? I want you to end this more than anything, but... I'm in school again. Under a fake name, but it's still school, you know? I mean, it's not the same, but it's the closest thing to a home I've had in a long time. I... I guess... I guess I'm just saying that... For now, for... For a while... I just want to stay in one place, have something normal. I get it. I... I need to speak with Jane. I love you, Dad. I love you, too, son. Mr. Webster. Sorry to keep you waiting. Ah, it's no problem, Doc. I just wanted to tell you how much I appreciate you seeing me on such short notice. That's what I'm here for. Good. 'Cause I got a few things I need to get off my chest. See you, Jane. Cooper Green? Former deputy attorney general. Splits his time between DC, Chicago and New York. Jane says he's been an ally of Dad's forever. We find him, we got a shot. How is LJ? He's doing all right. Cooper Green's office. I'm sorry, Mr. Green isn't available at this time. Please, this is very important. Just tell him I have some information regarding the sons of Aldo Burrows. Aldo Burrows? He and Mr. Green used to work together. Please hold. I'll try to reach him. She's tracking him down. this is Michael Scofield. Do you know who I am? Of course. I knew your father. And I know what happened to him. I'm sorry. He was a good man trying to do good things. Well, so are we. We have something. The tape. You've heard of it. Well, I know a lot of people have been looking for it. What's on the tape? If you want to find out, there's a bronze statue of a mammoth at the southwest corner of Ebert Park. I need you there in an hour. Do you have a blue suit? - <i>Yes.</i> - Wear it, and a red tie. That way, we'll know who you are. Ready? Yeah. Good luck. This will work. You think? Hello, Sara. I figured you'd show up eventually. You look good, Bruce. You've done well for yourself at my father's expense. I had nothing to do with your father. - Your father was murdered. - By you. And then you tried to have me killed. Don't... How can you say that? My line was tapped, and they heard you tell me that you were at that pay phone. Sara, I've known your family my entire life. Which makes your betrayal disgusting. FYI, I've been tortured already. It didn't work. I shouldn't have to defend myself to you, Sara. If you can't trust me, then all I can do is just wish you luck. Go. Look, before you get started, I'm gonna save you some time here, <i>jefe.</i> I played rat for you once, and that was it. I got protection now. I let the top bangers in here cherry pick the laundry, clean sheets, new shorts... and for that, I'm untouchable. So threaten all you want, <i>homes.</i> Yo, man, what are you going to do? You don't look like you play too much tennis, Manche. This is probably more your speed. Entertainment center. Wide-screen plasma. Pinball. Pool table. Yo, man, what the hell is this? Your future. At Kankakee Minimum Security Correctional Center, where the only thing softer that the pillows are the guards. I didn't come here to threaten. I mean, why whip the mule when he'll work even harder for a sugar cube? The same connections that got this fox out of the river so quick. Well, I can use them for you, too. All I need to know is where down in Mexico your cousin Sucre is headed. Look, <i>mami</i>, look! I told you. Llamas! I think those are alpacas. That's what I said, a pack-a llamas. What I'm trying to tell you, Doc, is I just feel like I've been a penny on the train tracks my entire life. And that 'ole Union Pacific just keeps on coming, every day, back and forth, just running me down, running me over, but I will not... flatten... I will not flatten. You know the nice thing about pennies, Mr. Webster? They have dates on them. And you can pick the date. Your own date. Today's date. You can get a fresh start. You can be a brand-new shiny penny. You know, I got to be honest with you, Doc; I had no... intention of whatsoever talking to you once I got inside your office today. But I have to admit, I find therapy... Well, it's therapeutic. I don't follow. If you didn't plan on talking today, why did you come in? Well, I saw the ad on the back of the bus stop today. And... though it wasn't exactly like looking in the mirror, you can't deny that there's a certain... ...commonality in our visages. I guess we do look a little bit alike... But I don't understand. What the hell you think you're doing? Hello. - <i>Mr. Green?</i> - Yes. This is Lincoln Burrows. Do exactly what I say. Your suit jacket. Toss it in the trash behind you. Excuse me? Do it. All right. I just threw my $2,000 Zegna suit jacket in the garbage. Good. There's a phone on the other side of the park. Be there in four minutes. Four... Make it quick. This cell is running out of juice. You were right. He's been tailed. Yeah. On it. - Yeah? - I'm looking for a guy in a suit. Lots of guys with suits. It's me. See the fountain? How could I not? Get in. They want to drown the mics in case we bugged him. Hey, mister. This is for you. I'm not interested. I'm not selling it. Some dude gave me 20 bucks to give it to the first wet guy I see. Here. See the building across from you? Yeah. Go inside. Look, this is getting ridiculous. I've done everything you've asked. If you want to meet me... We've been burned way too many times, Mr. Green. We need to make sure that this thing goes down right. Go inside, and keep the phone to your ear. - Where are we? - He's gone inside the Beck Museum but we've got men out back.<i> He's not going anywhere. Yeah? Get to Ebert Park. I have men on Scofield and Burrows. Ebert Park? Scofield set a meet with a target we're surveilling. What the hell is Scofield doing in Chicago? You're asking why the deer walked into your crosshairs? Just take the shot, Mahone. I'm on it. I'm on it. And Alex. Using Franklin to help me find Scofield. Yeah. We don't need him for that anymore. What I do need is a death with no questions. Hey, look, it's nothing yet, man, but I'm sure he'll hit me real soon, okay? You know, if I were in your situation... ...everything you've done, every decision you've made... I'd have done the same thing. You're a good man, good father. There's, uh...been a change of plans. It looks like I'm not gonna need your help after all. So you found Scofield. My colleagues are getting pretty close, yeah. - So... -So I guess you can set me free, then. Of course not. You and me, we had a deal, right? Right. I get your wife released, take care of your daughter's health, you get me Scofield. But you, you're getting him yourself. You just said that. I know, I know. I just want you to know... ...that, uh, I'm going to keep my promise to you and ... and I'm going to help your family. But I'm gonna need your help, too and this is something that you're not gonna want to do and I don't want you to do this, but I need you to do this and if you don't, I will have Kacee arrested again, and I will have Dede's medical care stopped, and I will hate myself, and it will make me sick, but I swear to God... I will ruin their lives. Don't make me. What the hell are you saying to me? Today, you'll get a package in your cell. Its gonna be from me. I need you to use it. Okay? Okay. What's in it? Yo. What the hell is in it, man? Just use it, or you'll wish you had. What's in the package? What the hell is in the package, man? Okay. I'm in the lobby. Take the stairs to your left. When you get to the top, cross the catwalk. Okay, I'm across. Go down the hall, down the stairs to the basement. Go through the white door. The one on the left. Sara, I wish you had come to me first. Cooper Green and I go way back. If anyone can help Michael and Lincoln, it's him. - Can I help you? - Yeah. Is Mr. Green in? Is he expecting you? Bruce. Oh, good, you're back. I'm here to help you. Help me? With what? Scofield and Burrows. Where are they now? This is absurd. This tunnel goes underground. You're already under another building. See the second door on your right? Yeah. Congratulations. You made it. I'm sorry. Sara Tancredi. I trust you've met with Michael Scofield and Lincoln Burrows today? Well, I'm sure I'd remember if I did. If you're Cooper Green, who's with Michael right now? I'm Michael Scofield. Well, it's nice to finally meet you. Do you... uh, do you have the tape? It's right here. Lincoln, it's Sara. Listen to me.</i> The man that Michael's with right now is not Cooper Green, do you hear me? The man that Michael's with right now is not Cooper Green. We should hurry. You're in Chicago... it won't be long before the Company knows you're in town. Where are we going? Well, we're going to make sure that that tape goes in the right hands. Whose? A friend. What kind of friend? He's a federal judge. Is that good enough for you? This tape is my brother's life. And mine. And consequently... I need a name. Judge Scott Warren, a lifetime appointee who was put on the bench by President Mills. He has no job to lose, no loyalty to Reynolds. He wants to see her gone, just like us. Well, let's go. I left my car over by the statue. You were tailed, Mr. Green. The judge comes to us. I'll set up the meeting. Do you see my clothes? Your brother made certain that anybody who was tailing me is long gone, and on top of that, I'm an asthmatic. My inhaler is in my jacket pocket, which Lincoln made me throw away. I'm okay now, but in about ten minutes, I'm gonna have a hard time breathing. I've got a spare in my glove box, so could we please just get back to my car? My car is just a few blocks away. Albuterol, Cortizaid or Prednizone? What? My mother was an asthmatic. What do you use in your inhaler? What the hell difference does it make? Just answer the question, please. You're a real piece of work, you know that? How many times I got to prove myself to you? Just one. Fine. Uh... Cortizaid. I'm sorry. It's just, uh... if you knew what, uh, if you knew what we've been through I understand. Can we now just, please - go to my car? - Yeah. One-way ticket to Bangkok, s'il vous plait. Oh, I'm sorry. We don't have anything until tomorrow. Unless you don't mind taking a few connections through Chicago, and there's one more international stop. Whatever leaves first. I. D, please. Okay, Mister... Stammel? Oh, it's, uh, it's Doctor Stammel, - and thank you. - All right, it'll be just a few minutes. I'll check this bag for you, sir. Oh, no, that's coming with me. Give it back. Sir, I know that bag is way over the weight limit for carry-on. What difference does a few extra pounds make on a three-ton aircraft, whether that's up above or underneath? It's an FAA violation. Sir, your bag will be safe. Today will be a tough day for travelers in the Windy City as all streets</i> in a six-block radius of the Seaburn Hotel</i> have been closed to traffic in anticipation</i> of President Reynolds's speech there this evening.</i> This'll be one of several Midwestern stops</i> for the president as she ramps up her election campaign.</i> Theo, I know you're new, but we use both sides of legal pads in this office, okay? Before we recycle, we reduce. The Comanche used the entire buffalo. So can we. Actually, a majority of tribes would farm land till it was stripped of its utility, then they'd just... move on. The Indian as conservationist is a myth created by white liberal guilt. Paul. Hi, Kristine. I'd hoped maybe I'd see you at Dad's funeral. That man died long before his heart stopped. That funeral was a formality. - That's really not fair. - It's true. So... you want to know how Mom is? Just 'cause someone spits you out of their crotch doesn't make them your mother. That woman is insane. Do you remember? Have you suppressed it all? I know, Paul. I was there every day... - unlike you. - I was there for 18 years. Then you just left. I was ten, Paul. You were all I had in the world, and... you just left me there. I'm sorry. If I could have taken you with me, I would have, and I've thought about you every day. I'm not the brother you remember. I've changed... in a... really bad way. To the point where I don't know what good or bad is anymore and I am going to do something... I have to do something... that a lot of people are going to think is horrible. And you just remember... the brother you grew up with. You just remember him. You're my sister, Kristine, and I love you. I was out cold. I don't know where they went. And it was their idea for you to meet them here in the middle of Chicago? Oh, man. You brought me in too late. They're gone. Then find them. Let me get this straight. The brothers come back to a city that's 15 miles from the prison they escaped from. Why would they do that? Maybe it's because the president is in Chicago to make a speech, and they're up to something, which is why we need to find them. And of all people, they want to meet with somebody from the attorney general's office? Your point? Burrows is innocent. You're good, Alex. As advertised. No one's truly innocent. You of all people should know that. It must have been the receptionist. She's the only one I spoke to. Michael Scofield. Cooper Green. We got to get as much of that in as possible before the baby gets here. Why? Because, once the baby's growing in there, doesn't it just get kind of wrong? - What? - I just felt the baby move. That's impossible. It's a little too early... I know what I just felt. Well, the doctor did say that he can become active after certain activities. - Did you feel that? - Yeah, like a flutter. Flutter my ass! He's strong! He's going to be the captain of the National Soccer Team. You hear that, Junior? As soon as you're born, I'm putting a soccer ball in your hands. No, he's going to have books. Fine. Books about soccer. See, baby. I told you everything was going to work out. We're out in the middle of nowhere, baby's doing great. Everything's going to be perfect. Well, it looks like we've got nothing but smooth skies ahead,</i> so we should be arriving - <i>in Mexico right on time.</i> - Excuse me. When's the meal coming around? I'm starved. As a way to keep ticket prices low, we have removed the in-flight meal from our service package. What's left on the service package? Pretzels and bags of Krispity Krunch. Pretzels. Just a few minutes. Freshen me up when you get a chance, darlin'. Right away, Dr. Stammel. Dede's doing real good. She's responding to the meds, eating. She's going to be okay. Because of you. She's going to be okay because of you. I need to know... ...that you forgive me. I know that. Of course I forgive you. You know when Dede was like four, she wanted to watch this video. And I kept telling her you know, "After the game, after the game, okay?" She kept asking and kept asking, and I lost my patience and I snapped at her. I snapped at her real bad. She went over into the corner, and... I didn't even go over and say anything. Why are you getting yourself upset over something that happened years ago, baby? Dede loves you. I want you to do something for me. I want you to tell her that I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. And that my baby girls means everything to me... I want you to tell her that she means everything to me, okay? You tell her that every day. - Time. - No matter what... Tell her. Tell her, okay? No matter what, you promise that, okay? Please, please, you got to tell her. - You have to tell her... - Okay, okay. You really have to go. All spectators must remain behind the barricades at all times.</i> The President will be arriving shortly.</i> Got a Boom Charlie half block south. - Team leader wants you there right now. - What's the M. O.? He's got an IED strapped to... He asked you to come to this fountain specifically? Yeah. Let me take a look at that park map. Why not the fountain on the east side of the park? Because this one's closer to the pay phone he called me on. No, because this one's closer to them. They tell you to meet them at the statue. Then the fountain. Then they send you to the building across the park. Why? 'Cause they want to keep you in their sights. Because they're watching you. But from where? Statue, fountain, building... There. You know what you have? I think we have a pretty good idea. What you doing? Getting all unique data from the memory key so we can identify this key from any other, label it, start a proper record of a chain of custody to present to the judges I trust. What's wrong? It's the date stamp on the memory key. It's the copy date. I'm sorry, what's that? It's the date the damn thing was copied, not the date that the conversation was originally recorded. So what? I mean, you heard what was on the tape. Without a time stamp of exactly when this conversation took place, we can't prove that this is Terrence Steadman talking after you supposedly killed him. This could have happened a year before his funeral. No, it can't be authenticated, so it can't be admitted to any court as evidence. People died because of this. My family died. I'm sorry. Legally speaking, this tape is useless. Have either of these men checked in? - No, not that I've seen. - What about this woman? Yeah. Room 1006. It's not over. - We're this close. - You already said it's done. Actually, I said it couldn't help exonerate you in a court of law. Maybe it can help you outside the law. How? Well, we all heard the conversation. There's more to this tape than potential proof of Lincoln's innocence. There is proof of Caroline Reynold's guilt. Guilt about something that she does not want anyone to know anything about. So we blackmail her. I'm an officer of the court. I didn't say that. Blackmail in exchange for what? A presidential pardon. The woman that set me up... is going to set me free. I think she'll sign it with her own hand. Ace Team, Beta Team, this is Leader One.</i> The Squaw will reach Home Base