molly's illness took a dramatic turn when she collapsed on her wedding night. the only bright spot has been daniel's transformation. The onetime man-whore is now a devoted husband, and new york can't get enough of their new "it" couple... prince charming and soon-to-be-sleeping beauty. here they come now. daniel,we love you! So many well-wishers,even that adorable clown, obviously on break from entertaining all those sick kids. ugly.betty Season 03 Episode 23</font> I have been to his house.Why does he always do that? Okay,before I forget,"the view" called.They want you on the show tomorrow. All this attention's insane. I think it's great that people are finally seeing who you really are. -How is molly? -Good. She,uh...kicked me out of the house this morning. She said I was too stressed. I just can't help it. I feel like I need to be there. Well,I made a packet of work for you to take home with you, and I will be available all day except for the one hour that I'm meeting with jodie. That's right. Your,uh,Y.E.T.I. Interviews start tomorrow,huh? And with someone like jodie papadakis in your corner, I'm sure you're gonna end up with something good. I don't know.We'll see. Come on,betty.I mean,you deserve this. Believe me,if I had a job for you here at "mode," -you know I'd give it to you in a heartbeat. -I know,I know. I don't want to think about leaving "mode" yet,okay? Just one step at a time.Water. Ah,there you are. So,betty,what's it like working for the most beloved man in the city? Oh,very gmorous. So did you hear about the new citi field? Yeah,you're gonna be advertising on the jumbotron,huh? Tomorrow night.I'm a sponsor. I've got a luxury suite and tickets for you. And they're field level. Matt's gonna love this. Yeah,I'll definitely see if molly's up to it. Oh,I hope she is.I've arranged for her to throw out the first ball. The press will eat that up.I think it will really help promote the wedding issue. Uh,cal,I'm not really comfortable asking molly to do that. All right,fine.Then you do it. why does god hate me? I'm a good person. You are.And more important,you're pretty. First hartley makes claire senior vice president of meade, and now daniel's getting all the attention? I should be the one going on "the view. " You should!The wedding issue is yours. Just because dumb danny was lucky enough to marry a woman with cancer, I have to take the backseat? It's criminal,willie.I am apoplectic. Wilhelmina,you really need to rethink the cover of this wedding issue. I dot know what it's saying. Well,that's because it's speaking a language you don't understand--fashion. it's generic. And cal agrees with me. So I'd like to see some other options,and as soon as possible,please. -This is... -disgraceful. -This is... -outrageous. -This is... -unspeakably odious! -Oh,marc. -Sorry. Why would hartley give claire that kind of power? There's a connection there. We need to find out what that connection is and rip it apart. hi! Ooh,yogurt.Yummy. Well,I figured it was time for your post-breakfast,pre-lunch slump. -It is. -And... I have a surprise for you. Oh,my gosh.Your first painting? You finished it. it's me...naked. No,no,no.You have a-a thing over you. You're,uh,you're draped. It sorta looks like I'm naked. What,you don't like it? No,I do.It's beautiful. You're very talented,but... why'd you have to paint me? Because you inspire me. I'm in your apartment. Mm-hmm,and,uh,and that's your toothbrush and,uh,the yogurt you like on the table... And your robe is on the chair. I should be wearing that. Betty,I'm trying to tell you something. Look,I know it seems like sometimes I don't know what I want, but I do know that I want you. And I see a future for us,together. What are you saying? -Are--are you asking-- -move in with me? I mean,we already spend so much time together,and I love it. But it just makes me want to spend more time with you. are you freaked out?You look freaked out? No,no,no,I'm not.I'm not freaked out. It--it--it's exciting.It's just big.It's big. I know it is.I'm just asking you to think about it,okay? But try to think good things. I will. It really is very beautiful. Oh,my god!That is hideous! it's like looking at the butt of satan. Oh,my eyes! My eyes. Options. oh,thank you,wilhelmina. Now I'd like to talk to you about your choice of stylist. I have a problem... hello,claire. Victoria. It's nice to see you. Is it? Uh,you must be victoria hartley. I'm wilhelmina slater. Nice to meet you. If you'll excuse me,I'm,uh,meeting my ex-husband. I prefer to do that before my muscle relaxer wears off. Uh,so you were talking about my stylist choice? It's fine. It's fine. Normally I don't like or notice older people,but that was interesting. Hartley's ex-wife is clearly not a fan of claire'S. That could be useful. I don't want to put too much pressure on you,but this is a tough hiring year. You're gonna have to blow tm away the second you walk into that room. Okay,gotta go. Jodie,I can't thank you enough for mentoring me. Oh,hell.No,don't get me a cake. I don't eat cake.Get me a boysenberry pie. okay,I will. God,I just...I can't believe it. I mean,I might actually be leaving "mode. " It's like everything in my life is changing. That's a good thing. Now remember-- what sets you apart is who you are. Let them see that. Thank you. Betty... has,um... has...marc said anything about me? No,he hasn't,not to me. you know what?That's fine. What am I supposed to do,wait by the phone? mija,you'reo quiet. You worried about the interviews tomorrow? A little.Uh,but I'M... I'm more worried about what I need to tell U. Matt asked me to move in with him. I know it sounds sudden,but--but I told him I would talk to you first. And,papi,I've been thinking,you'much so better now. And nothing's gonna change.I mean,I can still help out. And--and matt loves it here,so we'll be here all the time. Well,then I think... I think it's fine. really? What,you can grow and I can't? I get it.My girls have lives of their own. though I don't understand why no one's talked about marriage first. Wow,look at you,living with a rich guy. Hilda,stop. Does he have a maid? wait,so you're saying yes? I'm saying yes. I'm so glad. I already painted the kitchen your favorite color. yellow? I thought it was purple. Oh,I like purple.Purple's a nice color,too. You are,like,the worst liar.Of course I painted it yellow. what,what,what are you-- wh are you thinking? Just that I'm really happy. I'm interviewing for an editor position,I'm moving in with you-- it's like everything's perfect. oh,my god.There's even a rainbow. Taxi! Matt,I have to call you back. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-ÅÚ»Ò×éºÏ -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> yep,I called it.Last tuesday's outfit. We're on to your rotation,betty lou. Do I have any messages? Oh,it looks like you do,and it's urgent. "Bradford needs to see you in his office immediately. " Any other messages,like,from this year,like,from alive people? "Marc,let's try again.I can't live without you.Toby. " Mandy,this is from six months ago. Honestly,I did you a favor. He had that awful red hair. Are you sure I don't have any other messages? Yes.That is it. Why are you all up in my grundle? I just saw henry get into a cab. oh,my god. Are you sure it was him? Because it is pretty normal to think you see people after they die. Mandy,henry didn't die. He just dumped betty and moved to tucson to raise his bastard child with his slutty ex-girlfriend. Oh,cool. Why would he be here? Hey,if he calls,do y want me to tell him that you're out or that you're busy or that the tribe of mole people kidnapped you and made you their queen? Could you please just put him through?Thanks. we are here with daniel meade,editor-in-chief of "mode" magazine, and he's here to talk about the wedding issue.Welcome. -Thank you very much. -Good to have you here. We're very excited out the issue. Um,actually,I probably shouldn't mention it,but, uh,tracy reese has designed her first wedding dress for-- wow,speaking of weddings,how's the bride? That's what we want to hear.Right? he's prince charming. um,uh,thank you.Yeah,she's doing great. Uh,but there's just one more thing I wanted to mention about the--the wedding issue... Which I'm sure you're gonna love.We have this-- so wait.Just to be-- I'm sorry to interrupt you. But just to be clear,you're totally a changed man? Because not too long a,you were a player. -You were a dog.Right? -Total player. I don't know how you found time to put the magazine out. But how about our boy now,huh? I'll tell you,it looks like you've got some "faniels" out there. -Oh,that's cute. -You love that--faniels? -Faniels.I do.It's cute. -I thought it up this morning in the shower. Don't you love it? I'm really here to talk about the magazine,which-- you can talk about the magazine... right after you give me a lap dance. okay-- who cares?So what?Barbara's not here today. Bitches. Okay,here. This is everything I could find out about victoria hartley, including a lesbian rumor from a very reliable source. And if you're gonna be friends with her,you're gonna need this. Congratulations.You are now the youngest and most ethnic member of her tennis club. Ah,perfect. Okay,outfits. Personally,I recommend the dark one because it's more forgiving of body fluids. Not that you sweat. "henry grutick is enjoying dim sum at happy noodle in chinatown. " "Henry grubstick is people watching in times square. " You horny little hamster.You're sniffing around henry's profile. I'm not sniffing. he's been in new york for three days,marc. Why wouldn't he just call me? Who cares? We have our Y.E.T.I. Interviews in a half an hour. Run a comb through that wig and let's go! "Henry grubstick is on his way to caf?blini. " That's,like,a block away from here. Betty,focus.My entire future is riding on this "vogue" interview.Let's go. Okay,you're right.This is about our futures. Okay.Are you ready? I am. Betty suarez. Nice to meet you.A pleasure meeting you. * I like that boom boom pow,* * them chickens jain' my style they try to copy my swagger,* * I'm got that boom boom boom that future boom boom boom,* * let me get it now here we go,here we go,* * satellite radio y'all gettin' hit with the boom boom * and I'd like to think that "mode" online is responsible for the 6% uptick in sales the following month. That's quite a résum?you have,betty. Very nice talking with you. Thank you. You know,I got my first subscription to the "new york review" when I was 7. John cheever was on the cover,and--and there was an article about estonia and--and how the kroon had just replaced the soviet rubel. I wasn't really like other kids. I somit,metimes that was hard,but I did always have my magazines. And the "new york review" took me out of my little corner in queens, helped me imagine a much bigger world. I just really hope that one day,I can give someone else that gift. I'm sure you will. I'melling you,they loved you! Really? you even got a smile from that woman from "harper's," and she recently had several deaths in her family. did anyone love me? To be honest,they thought you were selfish. They were hurt you never called back. majodi,e's a professional. She's not gonna sabotage your career. what exactly happened between the two of you? Oh,it was awful.There were kisses and boobs and lots of tears. I don't want to talk about it anymore. -How did it go? -Terrible! Oh,thank god. I can't lose you guys. Marc,it would be li losing my soul mate. D,betty,it would be like losing an elderly aunt that I'm sort of fond of. Well,you won't have to suffer yet.We won't know till tomorrow. Hey,look.There's caf?blini. Henry's probably still there. We could drop in and say hi.There's no harm in that,right? What am I saying?He didn't even want me to know he was in new york. I could take a peek.A peek?What am I,like,5? -Marc,what should I do? -Make up your mind,woman! I have.I'm not going.Let's go. Henry! Hi,betty. This is betty?I'm chloe.I'm henry's girlfriend. Finally I get to meet henry's friends. I've been begging him to take me up to "mode. " We were never friends. Are you dying?You must be dying. So what brought you to new york? Uh,chloe's here for an aerobics convention. I'm getting my affa certification. It takes,like,forever.There's a practical and a written. An aerobics instructor. Well,that explains the new-and-improved henry. Make a muscle,henry.Show us those guns. No,I'm not making a muscle. -Oh,my god. -Just--ow. He was starting to get a little bit of a pot, but I was like,"no,not on my watch. So,betty,we have to have dinner.What are you doing tonight? Oh,no,I can't tonight. I'm--I'm gonna go watch a mets game. Oh,you're going to the new citi field.I'm dying to see it. Um,marc,we should just give them our tickets. We only took them so that people who wanted to go couldn'T. Here.The seats are right next to betty and her boyfriend. You have a boyfriend yeah. Matt. Cool. This is gonna be so much fun. Are you sure you've won six wimbledons,billie jean? Because that was pretty easy. I let you win,vicki. Oh,you say that every time. Victoria,what a coincidence. Wilhelmina,I didn't know you were a member. Well,I just joined,and go figure--my first day,and my partner doesn't show. Oh,it'd be a shame to lose your court. I'm always up for a game.Are you any good? Because this one?She doesn't even t anymore. I have to let you win,or you pout. well,I can hold my own. daniel! We love you,daniel! I love you,daniel. why do you keep watching that? It's fascinating.Man,you are gonna get so much tail when I'm gone. Please don't talk like that. you're a national treasure. See? Hey,what about a celebrity,like anne hathaway? Too much baggage? Molly,stop,okay?I... I don't like this bit. I'm sorry. Okay,so,uh,you're still feeling up for the game? Oh,yeah.I'm dying to get out. It was an accident. Enough! Victoria,you win. I...I must be rusty. Oh,don't feel too bad.I've been playing since I was 3. 20 years is a long time. so you and cal must've played a hell of a game.I... he's so good at so many things. Oh,cal never stuck around long enough for us to do anything together. Oh,I know that story,sister. So do you have anyone special in your life right now? Oh,just an r-ol-yead poodle named walter,and even he sleeps in another room. what kind of world is it that two fabulous women like us are single? Oh,if we're gonna talk men,we're gonna need alcohol. oh,boy.Sorry. Somehow this ended up on my desk. "Daniel,if you want to talk,my number's sewn on the bow. " Convenient. Jersey area code. All right,this is getting out of control. All this female attention is really starting to get to molly. I mean,she--she makes these jokes about other women. I-I think she's becoming obsessed about who I'm gonna be with after... she... llwe,maybe it helps molly to think about you being with someone else. That way,she doesn't have to worry that you'll be lonely. I can't think about life after molly. I mean,I-I... I try every day not to think about it. Okay,so we're going to the game with your ex-boyfriend. I sort of got roped into it.But we don't have to go. I mean,I could just tell him that you're sick. You coughed earlier. No,it's okay.I'm fine with it. -Really? -Yeah,let's do it. You know what?You're kinda great. hi,jodie. Oh,my god. daniel. I'm gonna be an editor. It's not official yet. Uh,but jodie just called and--and said that the "new york review" wants to call me tomorrow and make an offer. I know. I mean,that'S...incredible. The "new york review" never hires anyone. Jodie couldn't believe it either. I can. I mean,they saw what I see... every day. daniel,I don't know what to say. I do. Thank you,betty... for everything. So how am I gonna find someone as good as you? You won'T. but I can help you find a close second. and now,mets fans,please turn your attention to the field for r celebrity first pitch. it's fashion on the field {\a6}as "mode" magazine's editor-in-chief daniel meade... daniel! Throws out the first pitch. stay warm,molly. Nice throw. I've got a taste for champagne and there's this fortune I've,uh,I've got something for you. Really?  A credit card? It's a key to our apartment. - Sorry we're late. - My fault. But we're girls,right,betty? Uh,henry,this is matt.  Matt,henry. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - And chloe.  - Hi,I'm chloe. - Hi,chloe. How are you? So,henry,I've,uh,heard a lot about you. Betty says you're an accountant. Yeah,I work for a small firm in tucson. He does the mayor's taxes. Well,the--the firm does his taxes. what do you do? Uh,not much of anything right now. That's not true.  You're an--you're a painter. Matt's a painter,and he's very good. And he has a law degree. Uh,part of a law degree. Still,you could have one if you wanted. stop selling matt.  He's great. Should I mention he's rich?  No,that's gross. Maybe there's a way for it to come up organically. Seriously,I whipped this boy into shape. You should take a look at his six-pack. Look at this.  Look at it. Chloe,they don't want to see my abs. - Why?  Why not? - No,really.  They don'T. Yeah,you know,I should really work out more. I'm--I'm so lazy. Y-y--I wouldn't say you're lazy.  Come on. Well,okay,I eat too much junk food. Now it all goes right here. Please don't make your belly button talk.  Please don'T. Look,look.  I'm skinny-fat. Feed me. that's good.  That's good. molly. Cara!  Oh,my god.  How are you? Good.  Fine. Daniel,this is cara from school. Hey,nice to meet you. Cara... cara is such an amazing human being. You should see her with the kids. I've wanted you guys to meet for,like,ever. Oh,my god.  You've got to get to know her. You're gonna love her. And you two have so much in common. You both went to harvard,you're both jocks, and you both hate desserts,which is stupid. Molly,what are you doing? - Nothing. - I mean,this is crazy. Look,I'm sorry,cara. I'm sure you're very nice. I-I don't want to go out with you. - I don't know what he means. - Neither do I. Um,I should get back to andrew...  my husband. So this preschool we put nate in is really progressive. And the first day I had to pick him up, he walks out of the school and goes, "where's other daddy? " I love that story. henry's so thoughtful. I really like his hair this way. - ah,two waters. - oh,thanks. - thank you. - And a hot dog. and with extra onions,even though we're gonna kiss later. was henry staring at me? God,he really looks good. I forgot how nice his has arE. - are you okay? - Uh,yeah,I'm fine. Stop it,betty.  This is not a competition. You are with matt,and henry is with his dumb girlfriend. Oh,stop it.  That's mean. henry just got this amazing new apartment. Oh,well,it's big,but it came with a family of western banded geckos. interesting fact,they're one of the few lizards   that has moveable eyelids. - Really? - The only problem is that he's moving further away from me. Well,uh...  we have some,uh,big news,too. Yes,of course. Um,I wasn't gonna say anything yet,but... I got offered an editor position at the "new york review. " That's amazing. - Betty,that's been your dream job forever. - I know. When do you start?  Why didn't you say anything? Well,I-I didn't want to jinx it. It's not official ye well,that went pretty well. maybe we could go to dinner with them before they leave. Although that might be difficult with chloe. She eats eight small meals a day. Honestly,I don't really get her for him. I mean,she's nice,but not really his type. What's wrong?  Is everything okay?  Was that too weird for you? Henry's nice. The only weird thing is that you didn't even once mention the fact that we're moving in together. Did you,uh,did you forget? No,no,I didn't forget. Well,what was it then? Did you... not want henry to know for some reason? - So rean? - I don't know.  Maybe you were,you know... leaving the door open for him or something. Matt,that's crazy.  I'm with you. Look,I'm sorry I didn't say anything. Maybe I did forget for one minute. But it doesn't mean anything more than that. No.  no,you're right.  I'm sorry. Maybe meeting henry was a little harder than I thought. - Let's--let's just forget about it,okay?  - Okay. You,uh,still want to move in,right? Yes,yes,of course. let's get out of this rain,hmm? ever since this world began there is nothing sadder than a one-man woman lookin' for the man that got away away ah,excuse me. claire meade. Leave me alone,you pill-popping hag. I'm sorry.  That was completely inappropriate. Claire and I have A... complicated relationship. Oh,you don't have to tell me. That bitch almost ruined my marriage. I mean,before I did. Okay,I have had too much to drink. well,victoria,you're gonna have to tell me more. oh,god. oh,it was so long ago. And,you know,at werst,were all so close-- the meades and the hartleys. Unfortunately,cal and claire got a little too close. Oh,you poor thing. There was an affair? Worse. There was a baby. I don't know,betty.  Moving in with matt's a pretty big deal. How could it just not come up? I don't know.  I don't know. Was matt right?  Was I trying to leave some door open for henry? You're the only one who can answer that. I love matt.  I do. It's just,when I saw hen... it took my breath away. It took me right back to that place-- the way I used to feel when I saw him, those same butterflies in my stomach. Do you remember the pain you felt,too? 'Cause I do. All I'm saying is... before henry came along,yowere so excited about moving in with matt. - I still am. - Then remind yourself of something. Henry isn't real. He lives 2,000 miles away. He's got a kid.  He's got a girlfriend. trust me,just because a guy makes your heart flutter does not mean that you're supposed to be with them. I'm not saying I want to be with him. I'm with matt. And I don't want to screw that up. Okay,then...don't see henry again. I'm sorry. I...I don't know what I was thinking. Hey,maybe you should go out with her. I mean,you already have a funny story to break the ice. Now see?  That's exactly what I'm talking about. When you do that,can you blame me for jumping to conclusis? You keep making these comments about me being with someone else. I'm sorry. I know this isn't easy for you. For either of us,molly. The only thing I care about is the time we have left. I don't care about anything else. I don't want you worrying for one second about me being lonely or anything. You want to know why I make all those stupid jokes? because I am trying to wrap my head around the worst thing I can imagine... that I will die,and you will meet someone and move on and forget me. - Molly... - that's the thing I'm most afraid of... that the world will just go on without me, and everyone will forget I was here. I promise you... I will never,ever forget you. hi,jodie.  I'm leaving you another message. Sorry.  But I-I still ven't heard from the "new york review" yet. Call me.  Um,okay.  Bye. oh,my god.  You're not gonna believe it. I got three ofrs.  it's a total bidding war. It's like I'm yentl,and mandy patinkin, amy irving and the talmud are all vying for my attention. Congratulations.  That's really great. What about you?  Have you heard anything? well,I guess I can tell you. Jodie called me yesterday, and the "new york review" is supposed to make me an offer today,but-- oh,I knew you got an offer! I got nothing,nothing. - What? - I lied to get you to talk. Nobody wants me,betty.  Nobody's called. And I gave such a good interview at "vogue. " marc,you are so talented. Don't!  My flesh rots where you touch it. It's just that I wanted it so much. And...I worked so hard. And I would've made the best junior editor "vogue" has ever seen. Yeah.  You would. They should know that. Why don't you call 'em? Tell them just who marc st.  James is. What do you got to lose? You're right. If they're gonna reject me,then they have to tell me why. Thanks. this is betty suarez. Uh,I interviewed with erika,and I was wondering if... well,do you mind me asking why? You stole my job? I didn't steal it. I just convinced them to hire me instead. Yeah,that's sort of like stealing. Please don't shout. I was in such a good mood. All I digivewas them the opportunity to hire me at a very reduced salary. But unfortunately,it still ate into the budget for the two junior editor positions. One of which was supposed to be mine! I'm sorry,betty. Do you know how hard it was to sit back and watch some cheery 20-something just waltz in and take what I dreamed of my whole career? Jodie,you were my hero. I idolized you. It's been a crappy year. I lost my 401,my cat died,and I'm hitting on gay guys, and I am just so tired of helping other people get what they want. Who said I'm done? I guess you aren'T. Hey,willie.  I just wanted to see how you were doing. My entire body has nnis elbow, I have a hangover that's worthy of a college freshman, but I'm feeling wonderful, because I have information that will split up old man hartley and grandma meade. Oh,marc.  I'm happy. Why does it look like your feelings are different than mine? I guess because of my Y.E.T.I.Interviews. You didn't get any offers? Well,times are tough,darling. Just be grateful you have a job. But I did get an offer... from "vogue. " I start in two weeks. anyway,matt,um... sorry to cry on your voice mail. You probably won't get this till after your art class anyway. I just...  wanted to tell someone what happened. Henry Grubstick is enjoying a Creamsicle Float in City Park on his last night in NYC! Did you bring french fries? Something better. I wanted to show you the new cover of the wedding issue. it's gonna sell millions. I promise you... everyone will know molly was here. thank you. * I found god on the corner of first and amistad * do I look fat? * all alone * I can't believe she stole your job. I know. I'll be fine.  I'll be fine. I just...needed somebody to talk to. Well,I'm glad you called me. Why do you think I was updating my facebook status so much? I wanted you to find me. It took you 3 days,11 hours and 27 minutes. - I'm not good with technology. - yes,you are. I have to tell you something. I'm moving in with matt. Do you love him? I do. Henry,what we had was amazing and exciting. Probably because you were my first love, and probably because it always felt so impossible. What I have with matt is totally different... but it's really good. Matt's a great guy. He is. And chloe is a great girl. I don't know why I'm with her. The only thing we have in common is that we can both do one-armed push-ups. she does look strong. I don't know if I'm ever gonna feel this way about anyone else. Me,neither. So what do we do? Well...I guess I have to just accept that I'm always gonna be a little bit in love with you. And that's okay... as long as it doesn't keep us from moving on. You're pretty damn smart,you know that? so...I guess this is good-bye... again. I guess so. * lying on the floor  * * where were you?  * * Where were you?  * * Lost and insecure  * * you found me,you found me  * * lying on the floor  * * surroded,surrounded why'd you have to wait? * * Where were you? * * Where were you? * * Lying on the floor  * * surrounded,surrounded why'd you have to wait? * * Where were you?Where were you?Just a little late  * * you found me you found me  * * why'd you have to wait to find me? * -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-ÅÚ»Ò×éºÏ Ugly Betty