and Customs Enforcement. Mr. Suarez, you're under arrest. You know, I'm glad I saw this side of you. Best-selling author behind "M.Y.W.," Sofia Reyes. You get my e-mails? Yeah, I was busy with my boyfriend. Come work for my magazine. You'll have your own assistant within a year. I guess this is good-bye. You're destined for bigger things than this. Sofia, hi. You make my heart beat faster. You do take my breath away. I love you, Sofia. And we're live in 60 seconds. On the bell, people. Okay, camera two, tighten it up. Ready, camera one. Last looks, people. Last looks. Whoa, Frodo. Where do you think you're going? I need to speak to Daniel Meade. Yeah, he's onstage already, and we're going to air in less than a minute. Okay, but it's an emergency! What's your name? Betty Suarez. I'm assistant to Sofia Reyes. I'm sorry. We've been specifically instructed not to let you anywhere near them. What? Hey! Security, get her out of here! Daniel! Daniel? Voilà! Breakfast parfait. I made it all by myself. Now there are a lot of layers, so you have to eat your way all the way to the bottom, 'cause there's a surprise. Really? Have I told you how impossible the last two weeks away from you were? It was unbearable for me, too. Why is my yogurt crunchy? Oh, that's the pine nut layer. You gotta keep going, though. So promise me you'll never spend that much time away from me again. Are you asking me to stick around? What's the surprise? Papaya! It's your favorite fruit growing up, right? Look, I cut it into little heart-shaped pieces. You see it? No ring? We haven't even gone through the steps of love yet. - What steps of love? - Chapter one from your book. Things a couple should do before they get engaged-- meeting each other's parents, going on an exotic wilderness vacation-- I wrote that chapter in the book just to give it some pizzazz. They're turning it into a movie next year. Penelope Cruz is dying to play me. So, um, the part about wearing each other's underwear for a day? No, I was drunk when I wrote that. Thank god. This thing is kind of riding up. Listen, Daniel, forget about the book. This is right. Can't you feel it? I do. I really do. I just-- I wanna savor this time. You are not wearing that sweater vest. You don't like it? No, I don't like it. I love it. I almost bought the same one at ladies 4 less. - 40 off? - Yeah! Oh, you must be Betty. Sofia's told us all about you. I hear you were a star at "Mode." Oh, no, no. I don't know about that. Well, honestly, I don't know how you did it. My heart flares up if the eletor even stops on that floor. - Well, it wasn't easy. - Cute bunny. Well, "M.Y.W." is a lot different. You couldn't ask for a better place to work or a better boss than Sofia. Yeah, she's so kind and supportive. The best. Listen, I'm right over here if you need me. Just promise me you will lend me that sweater vest if I get a hot date... or any date. It's done. I'm home. I thought I'd never say this, but I miss Texas. Yeah, I was a little worried about you that first day when you plunked your Jimmy Choos in cow dung. Well, it wasn't as bad as you calling them "Jimmy Poos." Well, you gotta admit that was funny. Oh, there it goes again. Lucky my colt's not handy. What am I supposed to do? I have to get back to reality. Well, why don't you hold onto a little bit of that calm you had in Texas with me? You know, be a little more armadillo, a little less roadrunner. Uh, a little more english, a little less texan, please. Well, you see, the armadillo-- he doesn't move very fast, but he gets done what he needs to do, then he lies in the sun. The roadrunner never stops-- feathers flying everywhere, running all over creation, and he doesn't have any fun. Weren't armadillos those animals we saw lying dead in the middle of the highway? I never said they were smart-- just relaxed and happy. What do you think of that, Mr. Armadillo? Mr. Suarez, do you have anything to prove your year of entry was 1977? Yeah, I think there are some ticket stubs to "Saturday Night Fever" somewhere in there. - What are you writing down? - None of your business. - Listen, lady-- - My name is Constance, not lady. I was giving you the benefit of the doubt. Look, I've been living in this country for 30 years now. I have two--I have two kids. My wife is buried here. And for the last two hours, you have been grilling me nonstop like I'm-- A criminal? Mr. Suarez, in the eyes of the I.C.E., that's exactly what you are. Let me remind you, you are in this country illegally. My department is the one thing standing between you and deportation. Now I gotta go grab myself a smoothie. I hope by tomorrow morning, you've, uh, found a new attitude and something to prove that year of entry. Good day, Mr. Suarez. Yeah. What department do I speak to about getting a new caseworker? "Rise and Shine America" called. They want a copy of the issue before your appearance tomorrow. Well, they can't have the issue until I've decided on a cover, and I haven't decided yet, so what else? Bad news. The freelancer who wrote that female nascar driver story-- she sold the same article to "Jane" two years ago. What? That was our fish out of water story. Do we have anything else? I have a friend who can paint with her feet. - How is that a fish out of water? - She doesn't have arms. We need a socialite in the military, - a grandma who bungee jumps... - I'm sorry I'm late! A girl like that working at "Mode." Everyone, if you haven't met her, this is my new executive assistant Betty Suarez. Hi. She used to work at "Mode" till just recently. Quite a different vibe here, hmm? Wow. Yeah. For starters, it's nice to see people actually eat. And--and it's nice to work with people of all different colors and shapes - and sizes and-- and handicaps. - Handi-capable. Right. I'm sorry. I... Betty, you are our fish. - Excuse me? - Our fish out of water. Put down that coffee and pick up a pencil. I want you to quickly write an article all about your experience working at "Mode." Talk to the people that you interacted with. And, Betty, get me good, honest quotes, hmm? A normal fish in shark-infested waters. It's great! Get started. 600 words by tomorrow. And, girls, come on. We have a magazine to launch. Sofia, can I talk to you for a moment? Sure. I'm not sure how comfortable I fell doing this. You know, I-I just felt like I graduated "Mode," and I was generally not treated that well, and I don't know if I'm ready to go back and write about the experience just yet. But, Betty, this is exactly why you need to do this. The wounds are fresh. The article will be raw, real, honest... Qualities your former boss seems to be lacking. Oh, Betty! Sofia, what-- what's wrong? I think I'm losing Daniel. What? No! Daniel loves you. Why is he stalling, then? Huh? This is where it happens. He breaks down the girl, takes her heart and squashes it. Oh, my god. I think I am destined to be another one of Daniel Meade's girls. No! No, Sofia. And I left Hunter for Daniel. Now he's back in Europe, and he won't even talk to me anymore. I'm sorry. I'm just so overwhelmed. You go up to "Mode" and write that article. This is your big chance. Okay. Transcript : Raceman Subtitles : Willow's Team What exactly are you doing back here? I thought you went to work for "Feminazi Weekly." I'm writing an article about being an outsider at "Mode," and I wanted to interview you. As much fun as that sounds, I so don't have time for it right now. Wilhelmina's due back any second, and she's always extremely tense after a relaxing vacation. Okay, well, then, just a quick quote. Honestly tell me what was your first impression was of me. There you have it. Now please just waddle off. Marc, I don't even know how to quote that. Well, I was thrilled-- someone else to make fun of behind their backs. You also gave me a fun hobby to do as well. Which was? "Betty's screen savers of shame." Well, they're not quite as flattering as the ones I found of you on dudecruise.com, but they're not bad. You did not. Don't you ever tell anyone. Erase those off your computer right now then. Fine. Okay, everyone! She's coming in! Let's go, people. Go, go, go. Look alive. Cover that hideous thing up. You know how she feels about floral prints! Move it! The shark is in the box. Go. Randall, go! Good morning, Marc. W-W-Willie? Um, hi. Are those jeans? Aren't they fabulous? Ted took me to, uh, an outlet mall. I shopped next to fat people. Hello, Carl. How was your holiday? Kevin. I spent it sending out résumés. Why? You fired me at the Christmas party. I'm just packing. Is that true? As if it never happened, Carl. - Kev-- - Don't push it. So... I heard you called asking for a new caseworker. You don't have to say anything. Maybe this wasn't a good fit, you know? It happens. Look, I'm-- I'm sorry, Constance. No problem. Good luck to you. Thanks. Are you out of your mind?! You can't just get a new caseworker! I'm not a pair of cheap socks you can return to a 99-cent store. Let me remind you, Mr. Suarez. You are an illegal immigrant. Now I can make this easy, or I can LoJack your ankle like an Iroc-Z. Have I made myself clear? - Very. - Good. Then I'll see you tomorrow. An article? Ooh. Make me sound extra glamorous... and skinny. So... honest quote-- what did you think of me when I first arrived? Well, I hated you, of course. Hated me. Is that because I didn't look like everybody else? No. It's because I'd been angling for this position for months, and you traipse in here with your bushy eyebrows and really bad bangs, and I'm like, "that took my job?" You're really confirming everything I'm writing about. Thank you. Well, must confess, at a certain point, I did become envious of you. Wait. You became envious of me? Only in the most bizarre way, of course. I mean, I can't leave the house with an out of season handbag, and you show up on a daily basis looking like a... yard sale. Didn't even care. It's like you were genetically engineered without the fear gene. I gotta give you props. Thank you, Amanda. Oh, and F.Y.I.-- none of this means I like you or anything. Of course. Where were you this morning? I called you, like, a thousand times. With Ted. He's staying with me through the weekend. What'd I miss? Some guy named Steve called, said he had valuable information about Bradford. Cryptic! Shall I try him? No. What else? There's a 1:00 editors' meeting about the bridal issue. - Daniel can handle that. - But it's Vera Wang this year. You love your Wang. What is it? I don't know. It's like a giant dead rat or something. Did you piss off Donna Karan again? I think... it's an armadillo. Would you put him up there for me, please? Yes? We need to speak... in person. Yeah, well, you weren't exactly the type of girl I was used to working with, but as I got to know you, I really grew to like you. And I gotta say, you helped me grow as a person. You're writing all this down, right? Of course. So I really helped you grow as a person? Well, yeah, with the whole Sofia thing. I mean, you had a huge part in that. So you're still planning on proposing to her? Why do you ask? Okay, look, you didn't hear this from me, because if you tell her, I will totally deny it. But she was downstairs crying this morning. She thinks you're having second thoughts. What? - That's crazy. - I mean, can you blame her? She doesn't wanna become another one of your "Daniel Meade" girls. Listen, I think that if you don't wanna lose her, you know what you have to do. Thanks, Betty. I'm gonna go get lunch. Can I get you something? I have a new assistant now. Remember? Oh, yeah. Now tell me, where does one find an armadillo in Manhattan? In Chinatown. I think it was gonna be someone's lunch. Well, despite the fact that it clashes with most of my office, I adore him. I put him on the shelf in front of me to remind me what's really important. Oh? What's that? Well, moments like this. I spent the past 20 years worrying about hemlines and heels, and for what? If you have no one to share it with, what's the point? You're about to share hemlines and heels with me, are you? I was thinking about sharing something else. What? I gotta warn you, Willie. I'm hauling around a truckful of baggage. I have three exes. I'm working on a fourth-- a passel of kids. We both have plenty of baggage. But... I'm willing to give it a shot if you are. Hey, lady. Get outta here. Hunter is supposedly this perfect model/racecar driver/humanitarian living in Europe, except he's here. - So he gets around. - I saw Sofia with him, even though she told me that they don't even speak. Well, they reconnected. She was handing him a wad of cash--a lot of it-- right before he walked into Boylesque. The strip club on 34 and 7th? What? I do manage to get out of this closet every once in a while. Well, I have to assume, since it caters exclusively to women, that he works there. Sofia was dating a stripper? Oh, my god. I love her. This is so weird. And she was so adamant about getting Daniel to propose to her. I don't know what to do. Oh, I do. What? We investigate. Here I am birthing a calf. Oh, and Ted's lassoing me. I don't care about your silly little vacation. - What about the plan? - Oh, the plan. The plan to take over Meade Publication has clearly failed. Bradford knows now with complete certainty that Fey Sommers is dead, and we have no firm evidence linking him to her murder. Hand me my oxygen. Wilhelmina, I fully intend to take over the company sooner rather than later. And if you're not my ally, then you'll be my enemy, and there will be no place for you anywhere at Meade. Well, we'll just let the chips fall where they may. Where are we? Somewhere I never bring a woman to. I didn't realize such a place still existed in Manhattan. Yeah, I know I have a few notches on my belt. Baby, it's all notch, no belt, which makes me wonder-- how does a man with no belt keep his pants on? Hmm? Hmm... meeting someone like you? Mr. Meade! This is so embarrassing. What is he doing here? I believe we're having dinner together. Before we move on to that next step, I thought it was important for you to meet both of my parents. - Welcome, Sofia. - Hello. Thank you. My god, she's stunning. Thank god Daniel got to her before you did. Hello. I'm claire, Daniel's recovering alcoholic mother. - Welcome. - Best behavior, mother. I am trying to make a good impression. Oh, my darling. I would never do anything to embarrass you. Let me show you Daniel's baby pictures. He does the cutest thing in the tub. Does he? So what are we looking for? Something that'll show that barracuda the year I came into this country. Okay. I can't deal with this woman, mija. She's rude, she's obnoxious, she's-- The United States government. What'd you expect? Respect. She shows up unannounced and starts needling me. I don't think that woman has ever smiled. Dad, stop. You're powerless. And you know, we really need her on our side right now. Constance Grady is only on Constance Grady's side. Well, then maybe Ignacio Suarez should try being on her side. You ever stop to think that maybe she's actually trying to help? Look, try getting in her good graces. You know, something simple, something sweet. Make her smile. You ladies ready to plunder the seven seas for some buried treasure? How much? Christina, we are not here for a lap dance. Sir, um, we are here to see one of your performers. Uh, Hunter? Every other guy is named Hunter here. You're gonna have to be a little more specific. Uh, well, he's-- he's tall and blond, and he looks kind of nordic. Oh. Of course. Hunter nine. Well, get in line. Everyone wants a piece of the nine. Oh, I think we're gonna need an awful lot of singles. I open my closet door, and there was Daniel in my Pucci strapless and a pair of patent-leather pumps. For the record, I was 6 years old, and it was my brother who dressed me up. You never talk about your brother. He died two years ago. Oh, I'm sorry. It's been a bit of a bumpy road for the Meade family of late. It seems our luck is changing. To Sofia. To Sofia. Ay, perdón. Gracias. As a Reyes, you must have had plenty of maids growing up. We spent a week at Javier Reyes estate in Puerto Vallarta. He has the most darling little zoo... or rather, zoo-ló-gico. Muy bien, but you got the wrong Reyes. Growing up, we only had one maid--my mother. And the closest I ever got to the upper crust is when I used to help her clean their houses. So no silver spoon. Oh, no, no, no. We could barely afford a plastic one. That's why I like this girl-- someone who actually worked for what they got out of life. You could learn something from her, Daniel. And I fully intend to, father... for as long as she's willing to teach me. Hello! Betty, it's a bridge and tunnel bachelorette party. So? That woman there is about to marry some fat, bald, pasty-looking dentist. This is her last supper. She is cashing out. Well, do you think he'll take my A.T.M. card? Well, I know where he can swipe it. Okay, fine. Here's lunch for the week. Oh, $20! Hunter! He's coming, he's coming. 20$. Hey, ladies. I see you're ready to pay the proper fine for the nine. You can cop a feel if you'd like. Just don't let management see you. Okay. - Christina! - He said... Um, Hunter, do--do you have a girlfriend? I got girlfriends, boyfriends, all sorts of friends. So, you mean, you're--you're bisexual? That's right, babe. You buy... I'm sexual. So what kind of lap dance you in the mood for? Cupping the cobra? Feeding the kitty? Slapping the bongos? Or just a good old-fashioned hot dog race? Yes! I'm assuming that everything's just à la carte-- Hey, Hunter! Jiggle your junk on over here. Whoa. Time's up, ladies. I gotta go service the high rollers. - No, wait! Wait! - I just gave you a $20! Come to mama, baby. Oh, my god. Well, he's a whore, isn't he? I mean, what more do we need to investigate? Well, I have to find out about him and Sofia. Right. Well, I suggest you make a beeline for that A.T.M., which is absolutely fine by me, you know, because I am here for the long haul. Right. You two look so happy together. How long have you been married? It'll be 38 years in september. They make it look so easy, don't they? I almost shot him one Christmas in Ann Arbor. Thank god it was me who was loaded and not the gun. You almost shot him? Well, every family does holidays a little differently. In a marriage, things happen. Things like Tisha and Cindy and Candee with two E's. And let's not forget about Fey. Settle. My point is that marriage can be pretty awful sometimes. But somehow you find a way to go on, and that's a good thing. Because when something really bad happens, like losing one of your children, you realize that you could never survive it without your husband. Come on. Dance with me. You're bombed, aren't you? It's just a little cough syrup. If you turn and run, I will completely understand. Never. I'd love to have what they have... but without the cheating. If you cheat on me, I swear I will cut your cojones off. Do you think our grandchild will have a spanish name like Paco? Do you like her? She's lovely. There's just something about her, like she's hiding something. Aren't we all? You know, if you want it, we could have what they have. Stop the hoggin'! Hey, here! Look! Money! This'll get you a minute. Okay, I just wanna know quickly--have you ever been hired to pretend to be somebody's boyfriend? Happens all the time-- a girl wants to make a guy jealous. Well, is that what you did for Sofia Reyes? Is she already giving me recommendations? Nice. Hello? Hi, Daniel. It's Betty. Look--I need to talk to you about Sofia. Hey! Perfect timing. I just proposed. - You did?! - Yeah, isn't that great? I mean, it would have never have happened if we hadn't had our talk today. Thank you, Betty! Is there something you wanted to tell me? Um... yeah... Congratulations. Box seats for "Cosi Fan Tutte" at the Met. Prepare to be dazzled. And a pair of Ferragamo wing tips. Sorry. No cowboy boots at the opera. Well, what's going on? I had a long talk with my wife today, Willie. I don't know how to say this. I think you just did. Willie, wait. Joanne and I have a daughter together. And my other kids-- they don't need another ex-stepmom. My family's pretty broken. I gotta try and fix it. Look, I-I don't expect you to understand, but-- Let's not, shall we? What chance did an armadillo and a roadrunner have, anyway? Keep the shoes. And try not to step in any cow dung. Good morning, Sofia. Coffee? Where'd you get it? Hunter's jockstrap? What? You didn't think he was gonna tell me that a bushy-browed latina girl with braces came and asked questions about us? You can leave us alone for a second. Thank you. Sofia, why would you hire someone to pretend to be your boyfriend? I knew about Daniel's reputation, and, well, being just another single girl wasn't gonna be enough to drive him to wanna be with me. Well, why would you want, or even need, to drive someone to wanna be with you? The car's downstairs to take you to "Rise and Shine America." Daniel's already waiting. Thank you, Ruthie. - He's going with you? - Yes. We are going to announce our engagement together on air. Okay, um, I'll just grab a few things, and I'll come right down. No, you are going to stay here and finish up that article, and I expect it to be ready by the time I get back. - Good morning, Wilhelmina. - Didn't I fire you? I can't believe today's the big day. Aren't you so excited? Yep. Big day. Really excited. Thank god we finally got the cover. Oh, my nerves had me all blotchy, thinking she might not pull it off. Never doubt Sofia. The article's great, too. I don't think she slept a wink last night writing it. - Is that going to press? - As we speak. Wow. Um, can I read that? Oh, uh... Sofia doesn't want you to read it yet. Why not? Okay. Hey! Oh, you--you--you... Get her! Come on, come on, come on, come on! "The rules to getting any guy you want to propose to you in 60 days or less." You gotta do what you gotta do. "Pique his interest." My editors and I are working... "Stay in close proximity." Why do you think I'm a tease? "Give him a taste." Hey, you. Come here. "Make yourself unavailable." Come on, Daniel. This is where you stop me from walking back into that club. "Create a ticking clock." - Betty. - Christina, it was all a lie! Calm down. What--what are you talking about? Sofia set him up from the beginning. She used Daniel to get her cover story! From the R.S.A. studios in midtown Manhattan-- "Rise and Shine America." Coming up, acclaimed author and magazine editor Sofia Reyes is here to talk about her new magazine, "M.Y.W." And her engagement to New York's most eligible bachelor, Daniel Meade. Okay, camera two, tighten it up. Ready, camera one. Security, get her out of here. Daniel! Daniel!! Well, now, Sofia, it's a big week for you. - Yeah! - Yes. Yes, it is. So tell us about your magazine. I created "M.Y.W." in order to fill a void. There are no magazines that actually make a modern woman feel empowered. This is not about overpriced clothes or wrinkle creams. These are real articles. - Fantastic. - Yeah. That's great. And I understand you've used yourself as an example for the first cover. That's right. Statistics would say that I shouldn't be here right now. But I am, with a new magazine and newly anged to the most notorious bachelor in New York City. I got him to propose to me in 60 days. - Wow. - Wow. - 60 days-- that's like 2 months. - Yeah! Is that true? 60 days? Uh, yeah. Um... I guess it was, uh, exactly 60 days from the day we first met till, uh, last night when I proposed. Yeah. And that's my lead article. "From fling to ring in 60 days-- techniques to make you get the man you want in 60 days." And if they worked for me with Daniel Meade, they'll work for any woman out there. Now, Daniel, were you aware that she set out to try and get you to propose? No. Uh, I wasn't. We, uh, we--we met, and... we fell in love. Well, actually... Daniel, you fell in love. I mean, I have to tell you, as much as I like you-- you're a terrific guy. But right now I just wanna focus on my career, not on a relationship. But thank you for being such a good sport. - Well, uh... fantastic. Uh... - Fantastic. So let's talk more about-- Even I'm shedding a silent tear. Guess it's impossible for any of us to have it all... but no reason why we can't keep trying. By the way, that Steve guy called again about Bradford. Get him for me. Well, the magazine is "M.Y.W.," and the woman behind it all-- Sofia Reyes. Oh, and Daniel Meade, of course, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you both for stopping by. And that's a wrap. Daniel. Daniel. How could you do this to me? Sofia, I fell in love with you. I know you did. And for what? A publicity stunt? Really? How many times have you done exactly the same thing to dozens of women? How many times have you broken their hearts and dumped them? I can guarantee none were broadcast on national television. This wasn't easy for me either. I thought it would be, but it wasn't. It's just that when I start something, I have to follow through, and you can call me a bitch. You can call me whatever you want. But it's how I've gotten where I am today. Otherwise, I would still be dusting houses in Mexico with my mother. For what it's worth... you were so much more than I ever thought you would be. And I'm sorry. Daniel, I'm so sorry. I'm going to go down right now and fire her. You're certainly free to do whatever you want. If I was C.E.O., I'd be signing her up to a long-term contract. That stunt she pulled will probably guarantee you the single biggest launch of any magazine in the company's history. But you're my son. She hurt you. It's just business, dad. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You betrayed me. Now that's not true. You manipulated me and you lied to my face about Daniel. Yes, I did, but not about you. I did not lie about your potential. I did not lie about your abilities. That's why I hired you. I see a lot myself in you. Well, I don't see any of myself in you. Here's my article about working at "Mode." Funny thing researching it-- those people might be superficial, but they know it, and they don't pretend to be anything more than they are. I actually think I fit in better there than I ever will here. - Betty-- - I quit. December 10th, 1977. A lease--that'll work. First apartment my wife and I lived in. No heat, no hot water, a view of a brick wall-- it was, uh, paradise. Well, thank you very much for your cooperation. Well, listen, Constance, I-I wanted to apologize for getting off on the wrong foot with you. And so I, uh... I wanted to give you this. A lot of letters. That's why the words are so small. You don't know... You just don't know what this means to me. I mean, everybody's always treating me like a glorified meter maid. Thank you so much. You just made my day. Adiós, Ignacio. I hope to be seeing a lot of you. Well, hello. Marc! Where's Daniel? Oh, that bird has flown the coop. What?! Instead of coming back to the office this morning, he had his driver take him to J.F.K. No one knows where he is. - You mean... - Poof! What?