Hey guys, good morning! Wow Betty, who died? I didn't wanna look too cheerful Everyone's so depressed at work This is a financial crisis And Daniel's girlfriend is sick .. Did I overdo it? No, No! All black is .. Aunt Betty, you look.. Almost fashionable Justin, are you crying? No, I'm just proud You do listen .. You know I still don't understand how that guy Connor Could steal all that money from the company And nobody even noticed? That's terrible I know papi, and the worst part is I think he's gonna get away with it He's totally disappeared Why, why does he do that? I don't know, I guess some people are just greedy You don't wash mushrooms, you wipe them! He's not talking to you He's talking to that stupid TV chef on Kitchen Rumble This Frankie Barata guy really makes me mad Then why do you keep watching him? Because, I keep thinking somebody's gonna beat this guy I mean, I mean .. If the judges like your dish better You could walk away with thousands of dollars But if they like mine .. All you're gonna get are my leftovers Hey spit on your leftovers Eww I keep calling him and telling him I should be on that show I can cook better than him Papi, you can cook better than everyone Oh by the way, I'm not gonna make it to dinner tonight I have plans with my new friend Matt Mmmmmmm We've been hearing a lot about this new friend Matt Say, you're blushing Stop! What, it's just a couple of dates and .. I don't know, I think there's something there Ok I gotta go, bye! - Love you .. - Bye Do I look serious enough for a company in ruin? Yes! Don’t touch your outfit you look perfect So close and yet so far Daniel Meade's office Did you get the gift I sent? This is Matt by the way just in case you're wondering Hi Matt, I know who it is Umm, no I don't see a gift, Oh even better, then I'll be on the phone when you get it I love the looks on a person's face when they get a present You can't see my face through the phone silly I'll imagine it Oh, hold on one second Good morning Daniel, how are you, can I get you something? Coffee, cream, a couple of billion dollars Or a company that doesn't go bankrupt Just joking, sort of Have you spoken to Molly? She needs time alone, to figure out her treatment Whether she wants to go through all that again And you don't wanna be there with her? She made it pretty clear that she wants to be left alone So I have to respect her wishes Oh .. thank you .. Ohh Someone has an admirer? Let me just put this away Sorry Don't apologize You should take happiness when you can find it - You deserve it - Thank you I just got your jellybeans Yay! So what does your face look like? My face is .. Smiling Was that a smile on your face? No Willi, it was a sneer I promise Good What are you .. Are those gladiator sandals? Are we in ancient Rome? Will you be wrestling a lion? Take those off - Burn these .. - You are fired Willi, as much as I love watching fired employees Scamper off sad and barefoot Are you okay? What mood do you think I should be in Marc? The company's on the brink of collapse Connor ran off with all the money Yeah Hey Willi, he did break your heart a little bit, right? Don't be ridiculous, Connor Owens is a thief Nothing more than that to me Just another disappointing useless male Has it occurred to you that my mood of late Might have something to do with a newborn baby Who never seems to stop crying? Speaking of darling baby William The nanny called, she can't come this week Apparently, her own child has come down with chickenpox Her own child? Who does this woman think she is? Get Christina to babysit And here's a list of things I need you to pick up for the baby at Estella Agh .. I did not sign up for this baby business Cashmere diapers, is she kidding? Aw .. I love shopping at baby stores You do? I like to sit in a tiny furniture and pretend I'm a scary giant The children cry, it is so much fun Hey do you wanna go with me tomorrow? Yeah, wait .. Mode magazine, this is Amanda How may I direct your call? You! How many times have I told you not to call here? Leave me alone you psycho! What was that? It was my mother, she's been reading about the company in the news And she's concerned about my job Mandy, it's been a year Would it be so horrible if you reconnected with your parents? They lied to me my entire life about being adopted Now you know me I'm not the one to hold a grudge But I will never speak to my parents as long as I may live - What? - Nothing, it's just really pretty when you're dramatic The bad news is our insurance doesn't cover us for a loss of this magnitude Oh .. So what's the good news? There is no good news Oh good god! Do you even know how the good news/bad news setup works If you're looking for good news, why don't you ask your boyfriend Connor Well you stole his fiancee no wonder he wanted to steal from us You were dating him, how could you not know what he was doing? Oh so it's my fault now? Stop! Bickering isn't going to solve anything Yes, stop bickering Daniel Thousands of people are going to lose their jobs if we don't fix this Well easier said than done Claire, what's your bright idea How about a federal bailout? Oh of course, Daniel and I will just march down to Washington And beg the government to save our magazine You don't have to march anywhere They're already here Federal government sends panel to New York City to consider print media bailout Mum, this is genius You may wanna rethink your wardrobe Wilhelmina We're gonna have a little trouble convincing them we need money wearing mink It's not mink darling, it's chinchilla Whatever it is, you look like a rich bitch Matt, you didn't have to come all the way to Queens just to see me home Well considering how I left my wallet at work and made you pay for dinner I could use your brownie points Oh sorry, don't mind me So you must be Betty's new friend Matt I'm her sister Betty you didn't tell me you have a sister - What? - Yes I did I'm kidding, she talks about you all the time I have a terrible sense of humor It grows on you, or it doesn't - It's nice to meet you Hilda - You too Thanks again for dinner Wait a minute, why was he thanking you for dinner? He didn't pay? Well sometimes he forgets his wallet Sometimes? As in more than once? Oh no no no, Betty, I do not like this man He's just absent-minded, but he's so sweet He sent me jellybeans at work today Jellybeans? What kind of a cheap present is that? Hilda! Stop Okay maybe he's not perfect but.. The more time I spend with him, the more I like him and .. I don't know, just all this craziness at work is really giving me perspective I have a wonderful job and a great family and .. A guy that I like, can't I just enjoy this moment, please? Mum, Mum! I found this with the mail Honey, what is it? It's from the landlord This document shall serve a termination of your rental agreement Please be advised you have until the end of the month to vacate the premises Oh my god! We're being evicted I hate doing this to you Ignacio Then don't, we've been living in this house for 25 years Mr. Di Lena, this is our home I mean there's gotta be something we can work out right? The truth is I'm having some money problems I'm gonna have to sell to my idiot nephew Sao, couldn't we rent from him? He's turning it into a recording studio cause that's a good investment A recording studio? But I have my business here too My salon, what am I supposed to do? I wish I could help, but unless you can match my nephew's offer buy the house yourselves Yes! Yes, we'll buy the house We should've taken the limo Right and have our picture taking getting out That will help us get the bailout money But a bus, really Daniel? Oh god, this is the lowest moment of my life Straight tote across town, come on it's gonna be fun - One please - Metro cards or quarters only Do you think I carry quarters? I don't know whether to laugh or cry Can you break a 50? Thank you! Ok, the loan officer said that we do qualify for an FHA loan So what does that mean? It means we only have to put down 5% before the end of the month 15 thousand dollars Betty, I don't have that much money saved up Yeah but if we combine all of our savings This is my responsibility, I'm not taking money from my children Dad stop, stop being so stubborn This is our house and we wanna stay Why don't we just ask Daniel for the money? Justin! Daniel has his own money problems And I would never ever ask him for something like that Oh! But Marc and Amanda still owe me the security deposit on my apartment That's a start I could offer more sodas at my salon Smear some yoghurt on an old lady's mug and call it a facial Yeah! See? Come on papi it's our house, our memories We should at least try, right? Come on! Alright Excuse me sir, you're in my personal space So if you're fond of your thumbs I suggest you take one large step backwards Thank you very much I thought you were gonna dress down so it looks like we need money This is what I wear to the gym For god's sake, hold on to the pole No way, I don't know who touched that thing You're such a baby We better get that bailout Agh why would anyone want to have a baby They're so expensive I know right? I need food, I need diapers, think of yourself first Hey thanks for coming with me today If I never see another baby as long as I live it'll be too soon You guys shop at Estella, best baby store ever Oh I know, it's like my favorite place in all of New York City And Chelo here just loves her little organic cut and onesies Wait, Chelo? What kind of baby name is that? So creative, really special I'm Timothy by the way Marc, and we're not together, she's just my hag So I'm guessing you have a baby? No he doesn't No, not on me, my little angel's at home Oh with your partner? No, nope, single .. Single and ready to mingle Me too yeah, single parent You know what, we should get together for a play date sometime Definitely, I'll call you Play date That was rude, he didn't even introduce himself to me Cute and rude! I'm in love Oh just the people I was looking for I need to talk to you about money situation Gorgeous! That will be 200 dollars What? Hey, if you have a Kirsten Dunst and this is Madison Avenue, this is what you pay Not the same Madison Avenue Yes, yes, this is Ignacio Suarez And I'm trying to find someone who can help me No, I will not hold, So my family is trying to buy our house And since you guys are subletting my apartment I thought it was only fair that you pay the security deposit 75 dollars, 50 dollars Come one we're trying to buy our house Money makes the world go round, the world go round, the world go round Money makes the world go round, of this I can be sure On being poor Anyway, my family really needs this money Oh that is just so you Betty All fluky and sweet So you can give me the security deposit money? Not a chance in hell Ta We stand before you today Humbled by an economic crisis That threatens the entire publishing industry Meade Publications is an American company Founded by an American family And today we're asking for your help We understand your plight Mr. Meade But your flagship publication is a fashion magazine Why should the government care about something so frivolous? Frivolous? Oh my dear congressman Fashion is art, it enriches people's lives Not to mention it is a vital part of our New York economy The industry imploys thousands of people Photographers, construction workers, engineers, vendors Many of whom we rode the bus with just this morning Yeah you've mentioned that several times Well I must concede, your proposal raises some interesting points We will reconvene on Thursday and talk numbers Thank you Mr. Chairman So if you add up all of our savings We're still 9644 dollars short, how? What about the security deposit from Marc and Amanda? Ugh, no luck You big day at the salon? Am I the only one who made money today? My one man show on the street totally killed Justin, you skipped school and pan handled? I made like 250 bucks Oh! Good boy What about you papi? Don't worry, I'm gonna get us that money Papi, how are you gonna get 10,000 dollars by the end of the month? Ok, here it is Come on, everybody, quick We have a winner A man, from Queens New York called us 162 times in a single day He says my food is terrible Well I got news for you Ignacio Surez I'll be coming to your kitchen to make your dish And with 10,000 dollars on the line It better be good Because Ignacio Suarez, I challenge you to a Kitchen Rumble I told you, I told you I'll get us the money That is so cool, how do they do that? Oh .. hey! The camera adds 10, you'll thank me later And you! Betty's new friend Matt Why does everyone keep calling me that? Wow, that really doesn't move does it? Can we off this thing? Justin why don't you go help grandpa So what happens if your dad doesn't win? Matt, don't say that too loud, you'll make my dad nervous But if you lose the house, where will all of you live? Don't worry about it, my dad's gonna take care of it Oh my god look it's Frankie Barata Which one of you is Ignacio Suarez? I am! Come here you persistant old bird! You're really gonna be on this show huh? So what you'd do with the money if you win? Fat chance but what, do some travel, new car? Actually, we're trying to buy our own home Ah that's great man, the American dream, good for you Frankie, we're rolling so whenever you're ready In 5, 4, 3, 2 .. I'm Frankie Berata and I'm coming to you from Queens New York Where Ignacio Suarez and I are going head to head For bragging rights to New York's best chicken molé If Ignacio wins he gets 10,000 dollars But if I win, all he gets are my leftovers Let the kitchen rumble begin Well it was pretty clear that the committee responded to me So when we go back let me do all the talking Hello Daniel - Yeah? - I'm trying to antagonize you but it's no fun if you're not here Where are you Sorry, just a little distracted You know, I couldn't imagine this would ever happen Connor Wiping us out like that Yeah well I guess you really never know anyone Yeah but you were in love with him, that's gotta be hard We're not here to chat about Connor This is a business lunch Save the pillow talk for your girlfriend Actually Molly and I are .. Trouble in paradise? Can we not talk about her right now? Oh sure, it's okay for you to ask me about my personal life But you can't be in the hot seat? She's sick Wilhelmina, she's dying Well, now you made me feel awkward Waiter, we're gonna need some wine, lots of it Now, it looks like Ignacio is making a traditional molé poblano While Frankie seems to be experimenting with a molé of peanuts Or in espanol, cacahuetes Pace yourself papi, you still have 10 minutes Ignacio grinding cherry paste And can this be right, I don't believe it! Frankie putting bread crumbs in his pot I can't watch I'm too nervous What's you grinding over there Ignacio? Frankie getting in Ignacio's head now Not bread crumbs Frankie Ooh listen to that trash talk Papi! What's wrong? Are you okay, is it your heart? No it's my back Throw it out I can't move Stop the clock, time out, TO Sorry guys, there's no time out If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen Fine, then we'll need to make a substitution A substitution in the middle of cooking A Kitchen Rumble first I'll allow it Good, good, ok who's the best at chopping? No no no don't look at me - I just did my nails - Me too - What? No - Yes No papi I don't even know how to cook at all I'll tell you exactly what to do Mi hija, it's for the house 8 Minus 9 and counting Okay, I'll do it, what do I do? Just turn the molé and turn the chicken Turn the molé, and turn the chicken Smart move, they turned to the sturdy girl to step in I can hear you, you know Now remember ladies and gentlemen The judges have no idea which dish belongs to which chef That's our molé I know, and they love it, look at their smile We're so gonna win this It looks like the judges have made their decision In the battle of chicken molé, there can only be one winner That winner ladies and gentlemen is .. Frankie Barata What? Oh wow! Thank you, thank you This was so unexpected I can't believe we lost Come on guys! It's not a total loss You get to eat my leftovers Well it's not your fault you lost Betty Those shows are rigged It's actually sinking in We're gonna lose our house Look, you know what maybe I can help you guys out No, Daniel, no, I cannot ask you to do that Especially with all the money problems going on here Chop chop Daniel, we can't keep the government waiting We have millions to collect You know your family's important to me We're not done talking about this Alright, I'll be fine, just go to your meeting Save the company And so after extensively reviewing our finances We have decided to ask for a subsdidy of 75 million dollars We feel the government must step in to protect the print media industry Uhmm, well speaking of print media I was wondering if either of you caught this morning's post You look pretty smiley here for people on the verge of bankruptcy Oh no no no, no we were commiserating We were only laughing because the waiter had just tripped This is a 400 dollars bottle of wine Well to be fair congressman, it was the only drink offered on the menu You expect the hard working American tax payer To hand over millions of dollars While you two paint the town red? Congressman, I assure you, we were not using company funds We were spending our own money Shame on you! Shame I say Do you know when that hot gay dad asked me on a play date I didn't actually think he meant play date You're fine! You just borrow Wilhelmina's baby Slap on a fanny pack and voila, you're a dad So what do you even do with a baby? I don't know, lie to it Pretend it's yours, never tell it it was adopted Mandy, is that phone call from your mum still bothering you? That woman robbed me of the chance to ever know my real mother I mean I was conntected to Fey Summers for years and never even knew - Downer - I know right? Hey Christina, we need to sign out Wilhelmina's baby He's not a pea coat, you can't just sign him out whenever you want What are you two up to? What are you up to? - What? - What? She's fine Christina Wilhelmina feels that I need to bond more with her little bundle of joy and sticky Oh, well if that's what Wilhelmina wants Please be careful with him No piercings, no tattoos I was sure I could beat him Papi, you were robbed Frankie Barata doesn't deserve to eat your leftovers - It's gonna be okay - It's not okay I promised your mother I would look after you guys And now you, Betty and even Justin are raising money for the house It's my responsibility This was my chance Oh my god! Oh my god! What are you doing here? Look, the answer to our prayers Ten thousand dollars! Daniel Timothy right on time Let me just put my fanny pack on and we'll head to the playground Where's Chelo? Sorry, my Chelo is back at home with the nanny Somebody woke up from her nap with a little fever That's great! I mean not for Chelo, poor Chelo But it just so happens that Amanda here is my nanny So, why don't we leave the babies with the nannies And we'll get some coffee Bye bye honey Marc! Marc Is she okay? She seems a little confused Oh, her English isn't so good I'll see you later Amanda, thank you so much goodbye I know this fabulous little cafe around the corner, have you been? Marc, Marc First of all, thank you You're welcome But it just doesn't seem right With everything at the company up in the air We cannot take your money Okay, what are you talking about The check, for ten thousand dollars What check for ten thousand dollars Alright, I know that you're trying to be all anonymous That's why you made the signature so hard to read But, I knew that you were worried about my family and .. We didn't get the bailout Betty I just blew our last shot at saving the company What? No but I thought .. Meade is done Betty .. And I'm sorry, but I didn't write you that check Here, take it What happened, where is Marc? I thought Wilhelmina wanted him to bond with the baby He just needed it to hook up with this guy - What? - Oh yeah, babies are THE hot accessory in the gay world Small dogs, totally 5 minutes ago Well he likes you Well I did carry him for 9 months Kinda hard not to feel connected You have to be careful with some things, Remind myself that I'm not his mother What do you mean? Well, you're adopted, you should know more than anyone Your real mother's not just the one who gave birth to you It's the one who raises you and tuck you in at night And yells at you when you miss your curfew uhoh, you wanna help me change the diaper? No No notes, no explanation, just 10,000 dollars Doesn't that seem so weird? Yes, really weird I mean what would you do? If I get a check like that? I don't know, cash it? Dance for joy? I can't dance by the way, please don't ever ask me It's just .. Maybe I'm overthinking it Oh thank you Thank goodness I've brought my wallet today I know it's a miracle uhoh, it's work Can you just hold on one second? Hello? So without the government's help The company has no money to move forward As of tomorrow, Meade publications goes dark I can't believe this is happening I told you not to flaunt your wealth Oh please, I suppose you've started making bathtub gin to economize? When you start ordering your botox from Mexico we'll talk They were right The bailout committee We don't deserve that money What are you babbling about? Well do we really expect some unemployed auto worker to save us? It's not fair So what, we throw in the towel? No, we clean up our own mess It's our name on this building, it's our responsibility What do you propose? I'm gonna start liquidating my personal assets The house in Amagansett, the town house, stocks, art Everything I've got I should be able to raise enough to keep the company afloat Keep everyone on payroll at least for a few months You do realize that if the company doesn't turn around You will lose everything I know Daniel, I don't have the same kind of resources you do But I'll contribute as much as I can I have a son now and it's his company too Your father would be proud you've taken this off You are very very brave son Yeah Thanks mum Sorry about that You're ready to go? Matt what is this? Is it some kind of a joke? It's not a joke So this is you And you weren't gonna tell me You were just gonna let me believe that some stranger gave it to me? You weren't supposed to find out Betty listen, the last thing I wanted was for you to feel .. I don't understand, how did you even find this much money? Well, well my family is sort of, really wealthy Okay, and you weren't gonna tell me that either Well, it never came up in a conversation Betty, please don't be angry Look, it's not that much money Yes, it is No, not when you get billions of dollars laying around I'm sorry, did you just say billions? Well,you know it does go up and down you know with the markets The dollar has been pretty .. Matt! Betty, I want you to have this money Look, I know you're trying to help .. No no,look, you don't even have to pay it back Matt, you can't just give me this It's too much No, no it's not, it's not Look we throw money like this at charity all the time I'm not your charity No, Betty Hilda, would you please give it up We're not taking Matt's money You don't even like Matt What? You are crazy, I love Matt Matt wants to give us 10,000 dollars In fact, if you don't marry him I'm gonna scoop him up myself - Mum - What, I'm just kidding I am not kidding Do you smell that? It smells like papi's molé That's because it is papi's molé You all remember Mr. Barata What is he doing here? Yeah Your dad was just giving me a cooking lesson You know I couldn't say this on TV But he really skewed me with his molé - So then why didn't he win? - Yeah! Don't be upset I gotta win 3 outta 4 contests just to make my show's budget So it was fixed! We really needed that money Look, I'm really sorry, I know And that's why I came by to offer your dad A job at my restaurant I'm excited to have his molé, on my menu And I told Mr. Barata that I would love to go work for him Papi, you just gave this guy your molé recipe? Gave? This guy don't give anything He took me for 10,000 dollars It is quite a secret recipe And it's worth every penny - I'll see you monday Ignacio - You bet Thanks a lot Do you think we should've asked for more? So how was your date? Oh it was terrible Just talked about his stupid baby the whole time Chelo this, Chelo that Hello! Let's talk about me But hey listen I'm sorry I left you stranded with the Wiliminini No, the baby time was good for me Kinda got me thinking You wanna have a baby Oh my god! You want me to be the father Ew! No, gross! Okay it's not that gross! You were saying? I guess .. I just realized that I spent so long being mad at my parents That I kinda forgot that they were my parents I mean they've always been there for me They must really miss me And to be honest I kinda miss them too So I heard you're gonna finance the company with your own money That's pretty brave That's what everyone's telling me Though, I've never felt like a bigger coward In my entire life I Just .. Let her walk away Molly? She told me she was sick Told me not to get involved To let her go And the messed up part was .. I felt relieved Why? Because, I was scared .. To see her get worse But .. But? I love her Well then you should be with her Yeah Go find her .. Go Now Hey mum, it's me Molly! Daniel? What are you doing here? I thought about it I decided I'm not letting you go Daniel, we've talked about this You don't know how hard this is gonna be I can't put you through it And I can't let you do this alone I know you're scared Molly, I am too But I need you I need you in my life - Hi - Hey Thanks for meeting me Matt, I'm sorry that I got so upset yesterday No, don't, I'm the one who should be apologizing You are not my charity And I will never try to buy your house again It's a deal I don't have to buy anything if you don't want to No dinners, no jellybeans, no nothing Alright, alright, let's not go crazy It's just .. When you gave us that check It's like one minute you're Matt Who forgets his wallet and then .. Betty, I'm still the same person I know, I just feel like I don't know that much about you Well, here's something else you might not know I'm glad that you're not still mad at me Cause, I'm kinda really into you - Betty hurry up - Where's the popcorn?