It appears that wilhelmina slater Has been struck blind by the fashion gods.</i> Si since the "mode" diva's former lover connor owens</i> Bolted with the meade millions,rumors have been swirling</i> That la slater is off her game. ,ll,t rst came e the endden announcemen That,ga,she'leav"mg "mode." And now with reports that willie's hunk Of great barrier beef has met an untimely demise</i> Ait arsears fhe former ioshsh icon gas gone e ioatat barmy.</i> Oh! kes! Aah! What is going on? To answer that question, I'm going to put "mode" coeditor-in-chief daniel meade in... the haute seat Oh,daniel. It's time to dish. Has willie come undone? Or do you feel her pain After having gone through your own recent tragedy? "tragedy" is not in my vocabulary,suzuki. To be honest with you, I feel that molly's with me Every step of the way... Supporting me,guiding my decisions. Did she pick last month's cover? Because it was heaven-sent. that's really funny. Seriously,just,you know, I'd really like to take a second To talk about something I am really pumped about. It's this-- this amazing organization called The community of the phoenix. Okay. Not doing an infomercial here. The community teaches us to break down the barriers Between life and death. We never have to say good-bye. Or do we? This has been "the haute seat" with-- see,with the wings of the phoenix on our backs... we can accomplish anything,suzuki. Both of us! Stand up. Stand up. - Come on,stand up. - I don't want to. - Say it. Anything. Anything. - What is he do-- whoa!</i> Come on,say it! Anything! Come on,buddy! You're stretching my turtleneck! - Hey,natalie,is daniel around? - Nope. Okay. Well,I just want to talk to him About the interview he did this morning! He's super busy today, But I'll be sure to let him know,okay? Bye. Okay,thanks. Clogs,willie? You were wearing clogs. - They're very comfortable. - Stopt! Stop it. Ami am sorry about connor, But have you lost your mind? Listen to you. You're talking about comfortable shoes. Has the world gone mad?! Everything is not about fashion,marc. I will let that slide Because we both know I deserv it. Willie,our futures are tied together. Think of us. You're n ger gonna get another job wearing Syntheti gardening footwear! Marc,do you think I haven't tried? I've already prostrated myself before the mummified remains Of claire meade and begged for my job back. - And? - She said no. At least,I think she said no. When she opened her mouth,a cloud of dust came out. So if you'll excuse me,I need to find another way To save my daughter's ass. - hey,mandy. - No time. Have to get to the big editor's powwow. Matt asked me to take notes so he doesn't miss anything. Again? Where has he been all week? Um,location scouting in the bahamas. But now he's back, but he had to go to the doctor this morning. He strained something during tennis. Hope it wasn't a groin muscle. Put some ice on it,woman. Marc,he respects me. He asked me to stay late Every day last week to go over fashion layouts. Mandy,that's not respect. It's called "I'm out of my league. I don't know What the hell I'm doing. Please do my job for me.</i> " you say po-tah-to. Anyway,I've decided to ask matt out. Really? What about betty? I thought you weren't going the full hartley Because the furry one still had feelings for him. Well,I wasn't. But then I talked to betty about it, and she said E's totally over him,so I got the green light. And in case that conversation happened in my head, Betty's not gonna know about it 'cause I'm gonna date him in secret. - Hi,furry. - Hi,marc. Daniel. So I saw the suzuki interview And I really don't thinkit was . The beard's working for you. Oh,thank you,betty. But maybe we can tell them you were on allergy medication-- You kn find a way to spin it. Spin it? Why would we need to spin it? You were great. I was so proud of you, Spreading the word about the community. You were awesome. I don't think "awesome" is the word Most people are gonna use-- isn't it time to get the meeting started? Mm,absolutely. Let's rock and roll. And you-- you can sit right next to me. Daniel,he's staying? Yeah,of course. And he brought some friends. okay,people,We're shooting this issue in the bahamas, So let's not hold anything back,okay? Let's keep our minds focused And our pitches free of any negatronic energy. Betty,please,kick it off for us,would you? Sure. Okay,a fun fact-- The bahamas used to be a notorious pirate haven. In fact,they were home To two of the only known female pirates-- Anne bonny and mary read. So since this is the "fearless" issue,I was thinking we could... Shoot the models dressed like pirates,Plundering booty... But also showing booty. Uh,betty,Didn't pirates kill people? Well,yeah. They also had scurvy, But I didn't think we'd focus on that. You know,more so the bandanas and the hoop earrings. I am getting a lot of negative energy off this idea, And we wouldn't want it to toxify this whole meeting. So what else have you got,hmm? Come on,betty. I think you'd find it altogether... Daniel. Daniel. I assumed it was just me he was cutting out of his life. It all started when he hired That girl natalie to be his assistant. Then came the community meetings, The counseling sessions,the phasing. And now they're telling him What he can and cannot put in his own magazine. Well,there's a name for people Who take over your life that way, Who make all your decisions for you, Who cut you off from all the people who care about you. It's called a cult. I need to talk to him. I don't care that I'm not in the right phase or whatever! I'm gonna find out what's going on. mrs.Meade. Big fat package for you. Thank you,amanda. south*** Oh,poor baby! Let me help you. Does it hurt? Oh,it's nothing. I just went for it,diving after a serve. Were you super sweaty and pantg? Not really. Actually,it was video game tennis. You know,where you stand in front of the screen And wave the thing around? It's actually a really good workout. You should try it sometime. I'm game. Tomorrow night,my place. What? Oh,I just figured since you're recuperating, Maybe I could make you dinner. Are you asking me a date? Who said anything about a date? We are just two single,attracti people having dinner, Who may or may not have to get up early in the moing. A friendly dinner sounds nice. I'll see you tomorrow. daniel. Betty? What the hell are you doing here? I didn't have a choice. I've been trying to talk to you all day, But natalie and bennett won't let me anywhere near you. okay,look. Maybe they're a little... overprotective of me. It's only because they're looking out for me. Looking out for you, As in,running your editorial meetings And cutting you off from your family And everybody who cares about you? bennett was right. You'll never understand. I'm trying to understand,daniel. Ou think I'd be staking out the men's room, Listening to strange guys go to the throom If I didn't want to understand? The copier repair guy was in here for 20 minutes! Betty,please. Daniel,we're friends. Why can't you just tell me what you're going through? Look... I'm sorry. It's just something you have to experience. You're right. I haven't experienced it,so... It's not fair for me to judge something That seems to be helping you. What if I did an article on it? - An article? - Why not? I could do a profile on bennett and the community-- Get an insider's perspective. Then I could understand why this is so important to you. Everybody could. It would be great exposure for the community. I spoke to daniel. - And? - He called bennett. He's giving meotal access-- A "mode" exclusive inside the community of the phoenix. We're in. -=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=- Proudly Presents</font> -=http://bbs.sfileydy.com=- Sync: ¿¨»Ò </font> ugly betty s04e07</font> Hi. I'm betty suarez. I'm here to see bennett wallis. Miss suarez... We've been expecting you. Thank you. Thank you for agreeing to do the story. Miss suarez,You are being given an extraordinary opportunity. No outsider has ever seen What you are aboo to see. And once you do,I can't be responsible for what may happen. I'm just messing with you. I'm sorry. People think we're into all kinds of crazy stuff. Come on up. Let me show you around. Come on. Can I get you some phoenix water? No,thanks. I've already made your travel arrangements. Coach,I'm afraid. But I'm sure you'll understand given the circumstances. You're sending me to venezuela? I know people there that'll keep you safe. What the hell am I supposed to do in venezuela? I don't know,nico. Work on your tan,Hone your socialist manifesto, Stay out ofsprison. But we had a plan. Pay off castelar-- Pay him off with what? Connor is dead. There is no money. But I can't leave you. Even if I go,they'll still come after you. I'll be fine,sweetheart. Please,mother. Maybe I can talk to him,work something out. I am not gonna set up a payment plan with a blackmailer. So unless you have another idea, I suggest you go home and start packing. Your flight leaves first thing in the morning. We appreciate the opportunity to set the record straight. Most people hear about the community, And they think we're some kind of cult. Well,isn't that understandable? I mean,a lot of what you say is really... Very... Kooky? Is it kooky to help people get off drugs, Get off ste streets,turn their lives around? What'I going on over here? Just more of our good work. Great. I'd love to see it. I want to see all of it. And I wish you could, But that room is for level 7 members only. No one else can enter. I'm sure you understand. Well,I'm trying to understand. That's why I'm here. I-I'm trying to help everyone Understand more about the community. Really? I thought it was because you're afraid you're losing daniel, That we're taking your friend away from you. Nope. I assure you,I am here for the article. Please. I understand. It's painful to lose someone you're close to, - Like your mother? - Excuse me? Your mother. You lost her,didn't you? How do you know about my mother? It must have been devastating for you. Of course it was devastating. How do you know about my mother? I can tell you miss her so much. You think about her every day-- W--uh,no,not every day. Okay,I think that's enough. Maybe you're at work or riding the subway. Suddenly,you realize you can't even remember The last time you thought about her. Every day,she's becoming more and more difficult to see, And you hate yourself for letting that happen, Don't you? Just letting her slip away. We don't let that happen here. .Ah. I'll be right there. I'mrterr sly sor,miss suarez, we're gonna have to reschedule. Colin here will show you the way out. I've enjoyed this immensely. No. Derisive laughter. I'm intrigued. couture*** Gimme that! Shame. laundry day. Prada help me. Oh,my god. oh,I don't want to know this! Look,I've tried everything. She says there's no money. You believe that? She's just trying to get my price down. She's a ugh bitch,you know that. I think she means it. You want this to work out,don't you? Of course I do... Detectivstcastelar. betty? Well,what did you find out? Not much. Bennett was answering my questions - And telling me abt their programs. - That's good. Well,that's what I thought, Until he started talking about me... And that I had lost my mother. Well,that's what con men do,betty. - They prey on the vulnerable. - You think he's a con man? Come with me. I need your help. You said you knew daniel's password. And I do,but I don't know if I'm comfortable Hacking into his bank account. Betty,this man bennett wants something, And I guarantee you,it's not daniel's soul. Okay. We're in. What'd you find? Nothing. You guys have a lot of money. Would you just see if there are any large transfers? Okay. I'm not an accountant,But this all looks really normal. What's going on? Nothing. What are you doing in my office? Okay,and swing! - Shoot! - No,no. Don't worry. You're doing great. Okay,we need to get you in a little better position here. Let's move your hips more towards the tv. - Higher. - Uh,what? Or you could go lower. Either way works for me. I think this is fine. And swing! Okay,keep your eye on the ball. Oh,oh,by the way,thanks for covering for me In the meeting this morning. Oh,no problem. Although,it got kind of crazy. Daniel invited all of his flight of the phoenix friends. Really? To the meeting? Yeah. It was all about phasing this and phasing that. It was a little too "star trek" for me. Oh,come on! Okay,that was on the line. This thing's a liar. Wait,phasing. Who was talking about phasing? Daniel. Ohand bennett,he's the head guy,the big bird. Bennett? Bennett wallis? Yeah. Do you know him? I mean,this is really-- this is unbelievable. You're actually breaking into my office,gog through my files. What choice did you give me? You're cuttie me out of your life. You cut me out of yours. Sleeping with hartley behind my back? Cal is trying to save this company, Not hand it over to a bunch of crackpots. These crackpots have helped me Through the most difficult time life. Daniel... If they're helping you,then we're happy. But don't forget that we're here for you. We just don't want you to shut us out. - hello. - Bennett,it's natalie. I'm worried about daniel. Molly and I were barely getting started, And she was taken away from me. And at level 5,I caught a glimpse of her. Now tonight I am going to level 7. And when I do,bennett says I can be with her whenever I want for as long as I want. I know you think we don't underdand What you're going through, and you're probably right. But listen to yourself. You're gonna be with molly? That doesn't make any sense. No,you're right. This is something we need to talk through. I'm gonna go get a drink of water. We can discusss. this what are we gonna do? I don't know. - yes? - Oh,uh,hi,uh,mrs. Meade,it's matt hartley. I need to speak with daniel About this man he's been talking to,bennett wallis. - What about him? - Hi,betty. Um,remember,Uh,the time iold you that I moved to canada? Yeah,you wanted to be a mountie. What's that got to d with bennett? Well,when I wp up there, I got hooked up With this self-help group, The brotherhood of the northern lights. It was run by bennett wallis. What exactly did this brotherhood do? Some pretty crazy stuff. But their big thing is that they promise people That they could talk toirheir dead loved ones. They'd give tememsps s ecial tha a at they said helpe "b ring down the veil betwe this world andndex n nt." They-- they drugged you? Uh,no,not me. I only made it to level 2. But by the time you make it to l 7el 7, They have you on some pretty strong stuff. It gottty scary. Someone died. Oh,my god. Where's daniel? Daniel,we need to talk. - Daniel. - Daniel! you're sure he's in there? Yeah,he's one of their celebrity members. Around him. Celebrity members? Bennett was always looking for high-profile people That he could rope in. I mean,that's why he wanted me. He was basically trying to get to my dad. They're getting everything they want from daniel. People are probably joining the community in droves Because of him. What? Not that I don't appreciate the help,amanda, But what are you doing here? Um,I was in that cult for,like,five minutes last week, So I know how they operate. And when the shirt hits the flan, You're gonna want me on your team,suarez. Can we focus,please? How are we going to get daniel out of there? Well,I'm sorry. I don't know if I'm gonna be much help. Bennett and I left on pretty bad terms. I was banished for life. Do you know what would happen If I even showed my face in there? What? Get your hands off me! All right? Do you know iho I am? Oh,okay. All right,watch the thumb. Watch the thumb. willie! Willie! I have to tell you something. What is it,marc? Nico and castelar... for god sakes,spit it out. Are you wearing my shoes? Mother,what's going on? Marc just brought me some rather troubling information. - I saw you. - What? On the street,canoodling with castelar. Tell me this is not true,nico. It's true. You were going to send me away To live with cousins I've never even met. And I had to come up with some other way, So,yes,I went to castelar. I tried to bargain with him,get him to take less. What I saw looked awfully cozy for a negotiation. he said he would take less,But only if... I was willing to... Offer him something to sweeten the deal. I tried to go through with it,mother, Because I didn't want to leave you. But I couldn't. I'm so sorry. You don't actually believe this load of horse apples. Willie? - Get out. - Willie,you can't possibly-- Get out of my house,marc. let's go! I said watch the thumb! This place is a labyrinth. Are you sure this is the right way? I think it's just right up here,level 7. Sme smell of crazy's getting stronger. right this way. come on. Come on. Come on. No. here we are. Are you here for the session? Absolutely. And we're really pumped to be here. That's good,though most people aren't "really pumped" To be in grief counseling. What she means by "pumped" is Pumped full of emotion that she has no idea how to deal with,As am I. That seems like a good place to start. Why don't you tell us about your loss? - Amanda,we should be going. - My mother died. Amanda. I never even knew her. She put me up for adoption. Just when I figured out who she was,she was gone. How did it happen? - A terrible accident. - She murdered her. Not everyone who starts this journey Is strong enough to finish it. You two have proven that you are. - Do you want to be with robbie? - Yeah. Are you ready to be with molly? I am. It's a lot stronger than before,huh? You said you were ready. I hope I haven't misplaced my faith in you. Daniel! - No,you have the wrong address. - Ooh,sorry. I-it's okay. Continue. I always knew that I was born to fashion. I mean,this... Is not just some off-the-rack sperm and egg collision. You know,it's-- it's destined. It's genetical. So when I found out that fey sommers was my mother-- This fashion icon-- my life finally made sense. But then it was all taken away. I'm so very sorry. I think fey would be very proud of your... Fashion sense. I'm not mad that you murdered her. I'm just mad that you murdered her Before I had a chance to get to know her. Guys,we gotta go. You're sure he wasn't there. I checked every other room on the floor. we have to think. Where would they have taken him? hey,matt. Where are you? Um,I'm in jail-- trespassing and disturbing the peace. - Wait,jail? - Here. Matt,he wasn't in there. wait,what? What do you mean,he wasn't there? Where else could he be? I don't know. I'm not the cult expert-- you are. You tell me. Okay,okay. Uh,uh... Well,the whole point of level 7 is that you make this Total connection with the person that you're trying to reach, So you surround yourself with their things, Uh,touch their clothes,smell their perfume. He never packed up molly's apartment. molly's apartment! He's at molly's apartment. You guys are just gonna leave matt in jail? We don't have time. We gotta get to daniel. Come on. On my team,you never leave a man behind. Whatever. Uh,brooklyn,please. Could either of you spare some bail money? I'm so sorry,sweetheart. I never should've tried to send you away. But what are we going to do now? You said we were out of options. maybe not. 36... 24... 36. My measurements. It's a family heirloom. I think it's worth more than enough to satisfy castelar. You've had this all along? Why didn't you say anything before? It's the one thing I vowed I'd never sell. And there's only one thing more important to me In this world. I have a few loose ends to tie up At the office tomorrow morning, But I'll be back by 10:00, And then we'll take the necklace And head straight to the airport. We'll stick together and get through this. No matter what. Can you feel her,daniel? Can you feel molly's presence? No,um... I'm not sure. Focus. Feel their energy. Draw them to you. I'm trying. I just,uh,I really-- I don't think it's... daniel. Molly? You're here. Yes,daniel,I'm here. I can't believe this is you. This is amazing! - Daniel! - I-I-I can't allow you in here. They're in a very delicate state. You'll be in a delicate state if you don't step aside. I am on to you. I know who you are. And if you've done anything to harm my son, I will sue your ass right out of this world. Yeah! - Now,l-- - don't even think about it! Molly,I missed you so much. I know.I've missed you,too. But we can be together now. I mean,we can be together forever. - That's all I ever wanted. - Me,too. Oh,I can't believe you're here! Daniel... Remember when I told you I never wanted you to forget me?</i> And I never,ever will. But you have to. Just a little bit. What are you talking about? This isn't real,daniel.I'm gone. And you can't live your life pretending that I'm not.</i> you have to let her go. Daniel,you have to let her go. Wait,who's "her"? Molly,I-I did this for you, To--to be with you. Daniel... Let molly Why are you calling yourself "molly"? Stop! Okay? - Let her go. - I can't. I never got to say good-bye. Then say it now. I'm right here. Say good-bye to me. Good-bye,m. Lly. daniel. betty? Mom? Darling,are you all right? Are you okay? Daniel,stay with us. Son,are you all right? Can you hear me,daniel? Daniel,are you sure you're okay? I'm fine. I still think we should go to the hospital. natalie,wait. Look,you don't have to go with him. Just because you're giving up,don't expect me to. - Listen to me. - We were supposed to do this together. - I know. - I can't see robbie unless you are with me. Bennett said-- Bennett has been using you to get to me. Oh,so... So it's all about you? - That's not what I'm saying. - Robbie was there! It's not real. Bennett's been drugging us. I saw your face... How happy you were. Tell me that wasn't real. Natalie,please. You have to say good-bye to robbie. You can get on with your life. I thought it was you that was gonna help me get there,but... I guess it has to be someone else. Here,let me help you. Thank you. - Open... - Uh,you t have to feed me. It's-- okay. I feel like a dork. Why? 'cause I'm feeding you like a baby? Big bite. Um,no. Because I got rown in jail,and you had to bail me out. Whatever. You totally saved the day. We never would've found daniel without you. You're kind of my hero. Incoming... But we never got to finish our date-- Dinner. Friendly dinner. Can I make it up to you? I think I can squeeze you in. amanda? I just wanted to say how glad I am We were able to clear some things up last night. me,too. I took "you've reached the office of the murderer" Off your voice mail. Well,I appreciate that. He was a beautiful baby. - Excuse me? - Your son-- the one you put up for adoption. I don't know what you're talking about. You think a personal and confidential letter From the south dakota department of child services Crosses my desk, And I'm not gonna steam it open? Call him. This is claire meade. I'd like to book a flight From new york to rapid city,south dakota. I prayed I wouldn't find you here. - I was just getting everything ready for our trip. - Oh,please don't. Do me that one final courtesy. All right. There never was a murder,was there? No blackmailing detective. Just like there wasn't any plan for us to run away together. Yes,there was a plan. You just showed up an hour early. So who's your partner in crime,nico? Wait,let me-- let me guess. Uh,castelar? Oh,no. Castelar is really your "dead" boyfriend jonathan,isn't he? Why,nico? What did I do to deserve this? What did you do? Where do I even start? How about sending me away Because you were too busy with your career To even give a damn about me? How many times did I even see you,growing up,mother? How many holidays did we spend together? Are you surprised? Really? I mean,I thought-- I thought you'd be proud of me. 'cause after all you did to screw me up, I'm still my mother's daughter. get out. I never want to see you... Again. You'll get what you want,mom. You always do. Donate or a keeper? That was actually molly's "Sunday morning new york times" Coffee and,uh,croissant t-shirt. So it's a keeper. No,you can pitch it out. It's fine. You know,daniel,just 'cause you're saying good-bye Doesn't mean you have to get rid of everything. Well,yeah,I can't hang on to everything either. It's just a crappy old t-shirt. Well,it doesn't matter if it's valuable. It's about what it means to you. Like my necklace. The pearls aren't real,It doesn't go with everything I wear, But my mom gave it to me,so it was a keeper. All right,I'll put it in the keep pile. Uh,I-- you know,I meant to ask you Something about the other night. Remember when I was kind of off in level-7 land And I thought I was kissing molly good-bye And I kind of woke up and you were Standing right there, sort of in front of me? Uh,did... Did we... yeah. Sort of. I mean,you kissed me around the eyebrow. I'm a lot shorter than molly. Oh,okay. right,okay. Right. Ugh,what about these? Oh,get rid of them,please. Thank you. I never trusted natalie. I told you that from the beginning.