I am not stalking you. I am monitoring an illegal Immigrant who is a flight risk. What is this? A tracki device. I'm not one of your Flying monkeys,lhelmina. Don't cross Me,sweetheart, 'cause you'll lose. You're here because of Me, because of what i did. I'm turning myself in. Listen to me,wilhelmina. You are not getting your Hands on this company. The only person running this Magazine will be a meade. - Alex won. - I'm sorry. If alex wants toake over,then let him. I got lots of partying to catch up on. Good morning,amanda. Oh,hey,betty. I was Just thinking about you. - Really? - Mm-hmm. Hmm. That's nice. Wow. They're even Bigger than i remember. Daniel meade's office. Oh,no,i'm sorry. He's Not here right now. He's,um,in a breakfast meeting. Daniel meade's office. Oh,no,um,i'm sorry. He's all tied up. Daniel,it's me. You've got to get over here. Alexis is totally taking over. Um,hi. Can i help you? Just admiring the inner Sanctum of the feckless prince. As the empire dissolves, even the cushion on the bone-white chaise Sags with defeat. Wait a minute. I know that hat. You're quincy combs. You're writing that Sleazy bk about the meades. Oh,it's a critic,too. Tell me,would this blind item about a certain magazine editor Seen humping under The peter pan statue- It wasn't him! Time for you to go. - Oh,my,you are feisty. - And i bite,too. Do not underestimate me. You may be the beast that guards the gates But i've taken down kings,presidents, the electric car. Daniel meade does not stand a chance against me. Go. Higher. I said higher. Any higher,and i'll be giving you a pelvic exam. Just pin it. Well,fill my bucket with nothing but thighs. Relax,colonel. We all Know you prefer nuggets. Ew. That'll be chicken ruined for me. I'll get you some shoes. Bradford meade won't be able To keep his hands off you. That's the idea. In six months,you'll be Running meade publications. In a year,a small latin american country. Here. These should work. You got invited to prague? Ugh. I would kill to go to this club. How did "c" get on the a-list? Well,i guess when you're one of The top ten designers to watch, People in the city want to get to know you. You have a hard time saying "thank you," don't you - Not when i mean it,no. - Listen,mcmartyr You knew exactly what you Were getting yourself into So spare me the conscience And enjoy the spotlight, 'Cause it can all go away... Just like that. Hold still,nacho. Ooh,looks like somebody's Got a little boo-boo there. I tried wearing it under my socks. My idea. It was ruining his pant line. Good news is i'm free. Bad news is now i gotta take out the garbage. I'm sorry,nacho. I Was just doing my job. I didn't realize your job included torturing me. I thought you were a flight risk. I was doing it for your own good. Now i will always go the extra Mile to make sure my clients Become citizens of the u.s. of a. Is she gonna give us another flag? When do i get to meet my lawyer? My court date's a month away. - You haven't heard from him yet? - No. I'll call jerry to see if he could swing By my place tonight so you can meet him. Your place? Um,look,um,constance,i - i'd just... - Feel better if- - If what?You don't trust me? Of course i trust you. Listen,ignacio, I admit i had a thing for you. I don't go blonde for just anyone, but that's over. Here's my address. Make sure you bring some flowers. It's a joke. Honey,you must think you're The only chip in the bag. - Bye,hilda. - Bye,constance. I love her. Okay,there is no way you're going to her house. Hilda,i need to meet the lawyer. Yeah,in an office with Fluorescent lights and witnesses Look,i'm not making any waves. I'm too close to getting my green card. - Papi! - Hilda! I can handle my own affairs. Daniel,where have you Been? It's almost 2:00. Already? Whoo! Got any messages for me? Yes. Becks called to say, "congratulations on getting Into tabitha's gift bag." Ew. I just got that. Have you,by any chance, taken A look at page six today? That's the peter pan statue. I just thought it was some creepy kid watching us. Daniel,there are people following you. Just earlier today, I caught quincy combs snooping in your office. Quincy combs? Rapper? No. Celebrity trasher. He's the guy who wrote those books on kathie lee,kobe,whoopi. Whoopi? What did she do? It's not out yet,but apparently,it's shocking. The meades are next. He Wants to destroy your family. A little late for that,huh? Not for you. Open up. Daniel,if he finds out Just how out of control you've gotten, You're gonna be the first five chapters of that book. Won't be my first time in print. Things are different now. You've actually earned some Respect in this business. Betty,you worry too much. Well,somebody has to Worry! You are never here. Look,i'm sure alexis is Handling everything just fine. Oh,okay,so that's it? You're just gonna hand everything over to her? You've worked so hard for the last six months. Yeah,and it was taken away from me in a minute. Don't you get it? I'm being exactly the way my family expects me to be. You know what? I'm having a blast. I'm actually good at this. Those aren't my shoes. - You have models coming in at 4:00. - Nice. Girl models,though,right? I'll be there. - Is that a problem,dick? - It's nick. When i give a message to alexis, the Person needs a last name. Get it? Mm-hmm,and what if madonna calls? Ciccone,penn,ritchie - Pick one. Snap! She read you. Why didn't anyone tell me Alexis needed an assistant? I left daniel's desk because i thought I had a shot at moving up. You got a new headset. I'm talking. I want a career i can be proud of And a door i can close when want to take a nap. It's not too late. He hasn't even been here long enough for us to figure out why we hate him. I know why. Because he's a suck-up... And he won't sleep with me. Me neither. Mandy,if you want alexis To see you as a contender, You need to be here 24/7 and be willing To do ridiculous and demoralizing things For somebody who's Too freakin' lazy to- Hello,willie. Lick that for you? Quincy combs? How did that inky snake get in the building? I thought there was a gag order against him. There should be. A red hat With his skin tone? I'm gagging. Alexis is meeting with him. Let's put it this way - if my father were drowning, I would pull up a lawn chair and watch. - My,such candor. - Why not? You're writing a trashy book, and i'm dying to trash him. My father told me i was dead to him. He tormented my mother by Flaunting his affair with fey. Flaunted? Fey's diaries made it sound so discreet. Diaries? Who gave you her diaries? Fey's maid and i go back a long way. Is there anything about my mother in them? Oh,yes. When fey writes about your mother, Her pen drips with more venom than A cobra squaring off with a mongoose. - Just get to the point. - She thought she was a bitch. Mr. Combs,i have been meeting With my mother's lawyers, Trying to build a defense. If there's anything in those diaries that could- Nothing i've read could spring Your mama from the big house. However,the diaries for the last six months of her life Are unaccounted for. Might Be something in there. Then i need them. Unfortunately nobody knows where they are. I suspect they may be locked up in fey's secret room. What are you talking about? Apparently,your father and Ms.Sommers... Had daily trysts... Right here in the "mode" office. Fey refers to it as their..."love dungeon." Can i get you girls some coffee? Ahem. I'm sorry for the interruption, But you have a 5:00 P.m. circulation meeting. Is there something wrong with your circulation? Mm,do you need me to rub something? My sister can cover for me. My sister covers for me all the time. So you two do everything together? We have to. This is our first trip to new york, And i promised our mama i would keep an eye on this one. Like i'm going to rip off my clothes and jump into a fountain. Oh,so you do have plans for tonight. That depends on yo You can't follow him around with a stun gun,love. So i'm supposed to sit around and-and watch a friend fall apart? He's not a friend. He's your boss. He's both. I mean - Uh,,hey,don't cross that line. This building is not the place to look for friends. You don't want to get in too deep with these people. Trust me. Everyone around here has got a hidden agenda. Well,not daniel,and He needs me right now. He's only acting out to punish his family. You know,he hasn't changed his socks since tuesday? His socks? Next you'll be packing his lunch for him. Oh,betty,you didn't. Well,he can't drink like that on an empty stomach. Ever since henry got back with his girlfriend, You have bome obsessed with taking care of daniel. That's crazy. When was the last time you had a meade-free night? Well,i just went on that date with my orthodontist, And we spent the entire night with daniel's mother. And last friday? I had marc over for dinner. I left... And ran off to the printer... With daniel. Oh,my god.You're right. My whole life is daniel. What do i do? You can start by leaving this building at a decent hour. You up for a little bit of fun in the city? Yes. Yes! Right now. Now you promise me That you won't even think about this place for the whole night. I promise. No daniel. Okay,am i dressed right for the club? Sure... If you're auditing them. * ain't nobody rock it like this * * ain't nobody out there swift li this * * everywhere i go,all i hear is this * * you're all right  yes,i must confess * * 'cause keeping it fresh Is my main interest * * just staying consistent,giving 'Em hits * * you're all right * * can't hate on this,so Hate if you wanna,wanna * * 'cause that ain't gon' make me wanna * * go stop what i'm doing to you * * 'cause my beat's so bump,bump * * in the club they be jumpin',jumpin' * * to the bass That's,like,pumpin',pumpin' * * 'cause i told 'em To shake their humps * * oh,and any minute I'll be rolling through * * so get ready,so get ready * and any minute i'll Be comin' through * Oh,lo. It's scary bradshaw and a side of potatoes. Guess what,amanda? Betty wears The same size shoe as you. * get ready 'cause here i come * Becks? Where's everybody going? I Didn't miss the party,did i? Oh,no,there's no party. Daniel's in a meeting with two models. Oh,add becks,you get a party. Oh,um... You know, i forgot To tell daniel one thing- No! * get ready,'cause here i come Comin' for you * -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:karoro</font> Ugly Betty Season01 Episode19</font> - Where do they keep the menus? - Uh,do i look like i eat? Some of us do and have to work late. You would understand if you had something to do besides putting on lipstick. Oh,and some of us should look into powdering our brown nose. I don't keep menus here. Try the kitchen. Sorry to bother you. - I thought you might be hungry. - I think nick's - Oh,he's in the Kitchen,making his own dinner. You know nick,always looking out for number one. That was amazing. You just said your name and they pulled The rope back. You're a celebrity! No,i'm not. Yes,you are. Enjoy it. I'm With christina mckinney. Betty,will you stop saying that,please? Why can't you have any fun with it? You worked so hard for this. I don't know. I'm Just... I'm-i'm scottish. We're a humble people who like to drink. So what do you want? Try a dirty girl scout. Oh... Is this that kind of a club? No,it's a cocktail,love. I'll be back in a minute. Hi,i'm lois. This is fun,being at a club. I don't do this a lot,but i'm gonna start. I'm gonna start doing a lot of things. You know,i love my job, but it's just not enough. I'm at a place in my life where I need to be a little selfish. Your eyes are open and you're snoring. I've... Never seen that before. - Hello? - This is eastern limo. Ishis daniel meade's office? No,this is his Assistant,though. Can i help you? Yes,we were called to pick him up at a party, But we can't find him. Uh, do You know where he currently is? Well,i did make reservations for him at the,uh... The salt mine. Salt mine? Oh,that's so yesterday. Wait a second! Is this quincy combs?! Hello? Hello! Sorry,sorry. Whoops,whoops. What would i like? I'd like you to defend my wife without reducing her to a raving sociopath! Should i come back at a better time? I'm not sure there'll be one. Sales reports. You poor soul. I can't imagine how difficult this musbe for you. Your children only live to embarrass you, And your wife takes away "mode," The most precious jewel in your crown. You must feel so alone. I just want you to know... You're not. Thanks,willie.I appreciate it. No. This just came for you. It looked really important, And i didn't want you to have to wait for nick to get off his personal call. Thank you,amanda. Daniel,if you get this while You're still at the restaurant, You may want to go out through the kitchen. Betty! I gotta go.Bye.We didn't Speak. It was just a message. I'm not working.I'm here To have fun.Whoo-hoo! Look.Free jell-o. Oh! They didn't have this flavor when i was a kid. Oh come on. Listen, i just Met two blokes at the bar. They are lovely. I think I've just met your...Mr.Big - Hi. - Hey. Hey,you must be betty. This is ben. Oh,kevin and ben were at fashion week. They were setting up all the audio equipment. Oh,did you see christina's designs? They were grea weren't they? "New york" magazine says that Hers were the st impressive. Oh,they don't wanna hear about that. Oh,i love this song. Oh,let's dance. Yeah. - Oh,come on. - Oh! So,uh,did you... Grow up in the city? Michigan.Cheboygan never ard of it?. Oh,you know what? Actually, daniel Went to tennis camp there. He still gets the newsletter. - Who's daniel? - Oh,he's my- Uh,you know what? We're Not talking about him. - Do you wanna dance? - I can't dance. We could both try. It might be fun. Okay. Oh. Hey! - Sorry. - Hold on there,turbo. My bad. Gosh! Hey,come on,man! Maybe we should find a corner with a little bit more space. Yeah,me,too. Yeah! Let's g find ourselves a table. Something wrong? Um,no. Uh,you know What? I'll be right back. Uh,don't move. Or move,but maybe not your arms. Does this meeting include dinner? Well,honey,i gotta eat. This Tank doesn't run on empty. Sit down. I'll bring out the dip. Does jerry live around here? - Who? - Jerry,my lawyer. Oh,uh... He lives in sheepshead bay, But he's always running late, so come on,dig in. We don't need him to start our party-meeting. He patted my hand. Hmm,maybe that's foreplay. In a nursing home! Oh,my god. Have i still got it? You're totally hot,especially for a woman of your- Height. How'd she do it? How did fey get that old sack in the sack? Maybe something in one of Fey's diaries can help you. Diaries? What diaries? I heard from amanda, who Ovheard nick talking to alexis, About a meeting that She had with quincy. Fey kept diaries. Get that fruity pebble on the phone. I need to know what's in those pages. kevin's bought usanother round. Where's ben? oh,bloody hell. Come on,let's go somewhere else. No,no,no,no,no. No,I wanna stay,christina,I do. I just... I-I needto tell him one thing. Betty,he's a big boy. -He can look after himself. -I know. I know that,but quincy combs is looking for him. and look at that. That could be the cover of his book. Betty,you're addicted. If he was crack,you would sellyour nephew for a bag of him. -What exactlyare you looking for? -Insight. Fey keptthat romance alive for years. She must have writtensomething in those diaries. Interesting. You don'treturn my calls,and now-- I didn't come empty-handed. Oh,wilhelmina,cash is so crude. It's not money. It's photographs. Unless you'renot interested in seeing the gradual transformationof alex meade into alexis meade. Where on earthdid you get these? Oh,now,before I lose youcompletely tell me what did fey dothat turned him on? From what I can gather,fey kept her feetas soft as a baby's bottom. Daily pedicures,dead sea salts, paraffin treatments. Apparently,her velvety insteprattled his cage. bradford is into feet? She must have beenquite facile. She describesfeeding him cherries that she could pick upwith her toes. Oh,my. Now you see it, and now you don'T. All these peoplewere assigned to you? I've helped a whole lotof folks become citizens. How come you're notin any of the pictures? I'm always the oneholding the camera. Hungry?Time for pork roast. Wait,what about jerry? Ignacio,jerry isn't coming. He calledright before you got here. He's not taking your case. What? Look,we knewit wasn't a slam-dunk. You worked illegally,used a false social security number. But you told me that-- I would help you, and I planon keeping my word. You deserveto be a citizen,ignacio. And as soonas we finish eating we'll get in the car drive to atlantic city, have dessert and get married. What? I booked usthe bridal suite at bally'S. Tomorrow morning, you're gonna wake up and strut down that boardwalka legal man. Want some wine to celebrate? Constance,you can't be serious. Oh,that's right. You got that funky heart. I'll pour yousome grape juice. you're not toointo this place,are you? No,it's great. I saw that on dancing with the stars. I always wanted to do that. You can dip melike leeza gibbons. I'm gonna spin you now. -Can you handle it? -Can you? oh,no.It's quincy! What?What's wrong? -Did I break something? -No,no. Um,lift me again. Like wow a little to the left. Your left. No,back a little bit more. Back,back,back,back. Go to the right. -Betty,what's going on? -Nothing. We're having fun. Aren't you having fun? -Lift me again. -No. I can't believethis is happening. I thought maybeyou were different, but you're just likeevery other girl in this city, always scanning the room and lookingfor something better. No,no! Yeah,though you'rethe first one that's ever made mehelp her look. What--no.Wait,ben... my father's not here right now. What's this all about? The message you leftwas passed on to me. I searched my files,and Mr.Suarez is not in the system. He has to be. His court date is in a month. I bought him a tie. Prussian blue,very neutral. Who scheduledthe date again? His caseworker--constance grady. I took overall of miss grady's cases. Your father was noton her list. Why did youtake over her cases? Well,somebody had to. She was fired two months ago. Ci sit your rump down, cause this rump is ready,baby. constance,please. Just give me the numberand I'll call the lawyer myself. You wanna ruin your appetiteafter I been cooking all day? hello? Papi,you need to get out of there. Hilda?My daughter-- some problem at home. No,no,no,the problem is over there. Your caseworkerwas fired two months ago. -What? -Yeah,you heard me. She lied.Bitch crazy! Now,listen. The womanhad a breakdown. She's unstable, so don't makeany quick moves. Just--just politelyexcuse yourself and get out! Okay,turn off the main waterpipe. I'll call you right back. Dinner's ready. What took you so long? Believe it or not,they only sell these crittersin one pet shop in jersey city. Well,hurry up. I don't have all night. Willie,you know that I believein suffering for our beauty, but I don't thinkI can watch this. Get a grip,mary. We did anarticle on this two months ago. If housewives in singaporecan handle it,so can I. They're just little fishnibbling off dead skin. Couldn't we just usea really strong loofah? Dump 'em! oh,my,they're hungry. I'm just,uh...feeling the walls. Well,I just wantedto let you know that nick left. Something about cheerleadingfinals on cable and cocaine. Anyway,I am hereas long as you need me. I don'T.Thanks.Good night. Can I ask you a question? Did you even think of hiring meto be your assistant? Everyone knowsI wouldn't mind getting a leg upin this company. Yes,but apparently you've hadboth legs up with my brother. That's ancient history. Amanda,I just don't see usas a good fit. Well,I'm sorryyou feel that way but I could've beena real asset to you. I know this placeinside and out. I know who stole what. I know who slept with who. I knew janie in styleswas pregnant before she did. And F.Y.I. It's not herhusband's or her boyfriend'S. You do know a lot. Look,I'm tryingto find something that might helpwith my mother's defense. Have you ever heard anythingabout a secret room? You mean the love dungeon? do you knowwhere it is? Sure,in never-never-land. It doesn't exist. It was fey's way of saying I'm hung overand I wanna go home. If you'd hired me, you'd already know that. Maybe I made a mistake. If anything should ever happento nick you're next in line. You mean,like,if he falls down the stairs? Actually,I was thinkingmore like if he got married and moved away, but I like your ambition. For now,let's forget you eversaw me in daniel's office. Why don't you go pick outsomething nice for yourself in the closet? daniel!Daniel! daniel! daniel! Back away. daniel,this is betty. If you hear me,quincy combs is in the house! save yourself! Go out the back door! -Quincy combs.. -betty? Is looking... For you. Is that girlstalking you? Sorry,but,uh,my daughter saysthe whole basement is flooded. Must be a broken pipe. -But I made dinner. -It looks great. Maybe you could wrap it up, and we could do thislater in the week. Pork lasts forever. Dios. Could you open this,please? I don't like leftovers. and I don't like to beinterrupted on my wedding night. Please,give me my phone backand let me go. My family needs me. So do I. Now try this on. -What,did you follow me here? -No! Daniel,I was here before you. I was enjoyinga filthy cub scout. Betty,what were you thinking? I didn't know what else to do. I saw you acting crazy, and I saw quincy combs' hat! -I was just trying to-- -no! No,we arenot doing this here. I--no. -But,daniel,I was just trying to-- -betty,stop! We're not at the office. I don't need a chaperoneor a bodyguard or a babysitter. When we leave that building, your day is over. Do you understand? just let me live my life! Punch out! Daniel,you promised meand my sister you'd come dance. Come on. Oh,you're still here? And I thought I was burningthe midnight oil. What's that? I forgot to include itwith the earlier package. Mind if I.. .sit for a moment? It's been a crazy day,and... my shoesare killing me. I know you never expectto hear this from me,but... sometimes it's criminalwhat we do for fashion. Any chance we canhave a drink,bradford? -What? -Drink? Oh,yeah. what would you like? Uh,I'll havewhatever you're having. I don't like being played. You gave me hope that I could find some evidenceto help my mother. There is no "love dungeon,"quincy ,and no diaries either,I'm guessing. Go find some other chump, because you just lostyour best source. So the besieged queen needsto see a little evidence? Well,I have it right here. "September 9,2005--don't knowwhat I can say to comfort B. We met in the love dungeon. See?Right here-- fey's handwriting. It goes on. Our afternoon delighthas been replaced by talk,talk,talk of alex, and how badly BE Feels for the way he treated his son. -This part is not important. -Give me that. Alex took off for europe,and now BE Wants to followand beg him to come home. Try the pants on,too. I want to take a picture. Constance,don'T. You mind wearinga little heel? I don't want to tower over yousince I'm wearing my hair up. We are not getting married! I am trying to help you,nacho! You can't help me. You don't evenwork there anymore! The game is over,constance. Now please,let me go. So you're gonna be likeall the rest of 'em,huh? I help youput your life together. I hold your hand when you walkinto that big,scary courthouse. I get you to the finish line, and then I neverhear from you again. -That is not true. -Yes,it is. There are over 200 peoplein that book alone. Where are they now? Constance,every one of those people remembers you and are grateful,believe me, but you can't expect themto come back Bcause they still need youto hold their hands. They have to go forward, and so do you. constance,open up! Papi,are you in there? Papi! constance,I couldstand out here all night! what the hell is going on? -We were just talking. -In costume? You are in a lot of trouble,lady! No,she's not. Can I have my phone,please? Here. What is this for? I'd like you to take a picture before we leave. Take... I'm sorry. I shouldn'thave made you come here. No,you were right. I get too involved. What's wrong with me? Why can't ijust be more like you and stay out of the drama? -Betty! -I mean,look what it's done for you.- You should totally go backin there. People know your name. You're gonna be huge. Yeah,well,everything comes at a price. What is going on with you? Because I don't deserveany of it. I didn't get into fashion weekbecause of my talent. I made a deal with wilhelmina. A deal? I agreed to do things for her-- certain favors,supplying information. What kind of information? Oh,everything--gossip, who's loyal,who's not. I think I evenhad something to do with putting daniel's father and mother behind bars. Wait. Why would you ever agreeto help wilhelmina? Because... I just wanted someone to see my designs that wasn't just my motheror my bloody cat. So every conversation we've had everything I've told you you've taken backand you've reported? Betty,if someone came to you and offered you help just to getcloser to your dream,you-- no,I wouldn'T. I have dreams,too,but I would never do something to hurt you like this. I didn't do this to hurt you. Can we just--please, can we talk about it? No,I don't think that we can. Christina,you're right. That building is the wrong place to look for friends. so you plan on workinglate again this week? My schedule is wide open. it's alexis. Could you pleasegive me a call when you can? Thanks...dad. you expecting someone? Might be my sister. Answer,will you? I need to goto the bathroom. You weren't sleeping,were you? I didn't think so. where is,um,where's becks? I thought it would be more funto end the night here. Okay. There's,um,still some more champagne. I've had plenty. So are you giving petrathe may cover or the june? We didn't talk about any covers. I would prefer may. It'll give us a better shot at doing "harper's bazaar" in july. What,are youalso her manager? No. I'm her mother,and my daughteris a month shy of 17 so either you give her this cover or you might find yourself in a bit of trouble,Mr.Meade. Petra is 16? You didn't ask to see I.D.,Did you? You naughty,naughty boy. so what does this mean? You have to start all over again? The guy who's got my casesays he'll do what he can to get me the earliest possiblecourt date. We'll see. So she's just been lying to you this whole time? Why didn't you let hildacall the police? I think she's been punished enough. So how was your night? Did you go to thatbig,fancy club? Was it fun? That much,huh? It's just been a very long day. Yeah,tell me about it. You know,dad,people can really surprise you. Yes,they can,but it's not always bad. Like when you think you're going to yankee stadium and you end upat a mets game. They won their division. Maybe we're just too trusting. You know what,mija? Maybe that's notsuch a bad thing. -hello? -Hi. Uh,Mr.Suarez,it's daniel. -Sorry to call so late. -That's fine. Is everything okay? Uh,no,not really I've been trying to reach betty on her cell but it's gone straight to voice mail. Is she there? it's daniel. He wants to speak to you.