gunfire going of all around, but I couldn't leave. As long as I live, I'll never forget the faces of those children All right, we get it. Darfur is a bummer. But who wants those images in their head? She's amazing. I can't believe you get to work for her. What you do sounds a lot more fun, especially during fashion week. Yeah, well, fashion week isn't nearly as cool as genocide week. Sorry. That came out wrong. You can read the piece in this month's "New York Review." Brilliant and depressing, but mostly brilliant. Ms. Mastronardi has offered to stay a few minutes if anyone wants to talk to her. And no asking for jobs. Something's been bothering me, and I'm thinking you could help. -Is this brown? -Yes Because, you know, I never had the big 64 crayons that every other kid had.. so I don't know all the obscure colors like, uh... -Brown? -Uh, mocha or mud or tree bark. -Those aren't really colors. Oh, well, leave it to fashion girl to clear that up. Oh, uh, no. I'm not fashion girl. -I'm fashion girl. -But you work at "Mode." I'm sports guy. You're fashion girl. -We're known by our magazines. -Okay What do you do at "Mode"? Um, excuse me. Actually, um, I'm an assistant to the editor-in-chief, but I've gotten to do other things. Like, sometimes I write a column for the web site, and earlier this year I got to oversee a cover shoot. Sounds like you're on a great path to becoming a fashion editor. Oh, thanks. Yeah, but, um, I got into Y.E.T.I. Because I'm interested in other magazines. Like, one day, I would love to do what you do. Then you might want to get off the fashion track, and get some other experience, because right now, fashion's where you're heading. Oh, okay. So I suggested to Jodie that anyone who wanted should pair up with a partner from another magazine, and that way,we can get experience from different places. Have you not got enough going on at fashion week? Yeah, but if I get the girl from "The New York Review", then it would totally be worth it. -That would be a good fit for you. Right? I mean, I love it here, but I've just never seen myself being in fashion forever, and for once, I would like to be in a place that comes more natural, and then people would stop calling me fashion girl. Who's calling you fashion girl? This morning, you've got the Donna Karan preview, followed by brunch with Donna Karan and then the Donna Karan show. So I'm gonna go out on a limb and assume that you are wearing-- Cavalli. Are you sure? I'm worried that the cavalli makes you look a little too "Michelle Obama at the mall." Ugh. Remember what we said about unsolicited opinions? Yes, yes, I do. Uh, it's just-- -The Cavalli, please. Have I told you lately what a remarkable body you have? Ugh! You'd never even know you're about to have a child. -Give me the damn dress. -They didn't send it What? Well, why not? -Well. Since you've been seeing Connor, you haven't been working the circuit as much, and it's possible that you might have... fallen off their radar. -Oh, that is ridiculous. -Of course it is. Wilhelmina slater is the most important person at fashion week. A "yes" from me determines style. Do you remember micro buckles of '04? -Um, no. No, not really. -Exactly. Because I said no. Now if the cavalli was not sent, it was because of human error. Don't let it happen again. Yeah, make sure I'm sitting near Phillip Lim at Peter Som, and nowhere near Peter Som at Phillip Lim. Or is it the other way around? You'll figure it out. Um, more importantly, I really need you to deal with these. Last year, the mandate was for cuffs to be peering out from jackets. At Marc Jacobs' preview last night, suddenly they're peeking instead. Can you believe it? -Nope, I can't. -I mean, it was humiliating. I need an 1/8 of an inch off all them asap. Please use your discretion. I'd be mortified if anyone knew they were mine. Daniel, do you think you have any non-fashion related assignments for me? It's fashion week at a fashion magazine, Betty. I mean, I do have this press release you could write. It's for this designer Heinrich. Last minute addition at the "Mode" show, but... I'll take it. Knowing how to write a press release is useful anywhere. Okay, I'm ready for fashion week. Wow! You look beautiful. Thank you. Everything I'm wearing hurts. That's good, right? Uh, whatever it is you're doing, it definitely works for me. Shall we? -Bye. -Have fun. Peering? My God, Daniel. Have some self-respect. Hey, Betty. We're having a little going-away party for Elena. You want to say good-bye before she goes away? It's Betty! Good-bye, Elena! Bye, Betty! We are gonna miss her so much. Okay, all right. We all know you're very excited she's  leaving, but maybe you could tone it back just a little bit. Hey, I'm just happy that papi's better, and he doesn't need a nurse anymore. Oh, good, 'cause I don't think this means they're gonna stop seeing each other. Ugh. Please. Once that kinky Florence Nightingale fantasy is over, it's done. Haven't I asked you not to use the word "kinky" concerning our father? Look, I have to go. Oh! Wish me luck with "The New York Review." -Good luck! -Bye. Okay, now I mentioned last week that we'd be picking partners. I advise you,choose carefully, because you will be working with this person all year. And if you're like me, you'll hook up, get married, get married, cheat, divorce and end up bitter and alone, but I digress. Okay! Let's... pick... partners! Oh, I am so excited you want to work with me! Totally! Not just because of the giant cookie you sent to my office. Oh. Was it good? All right, is everyone sitting next to the person they picked? Now turn to the person on the other side, and meet your new partner. In publishing, you must expect the unexpected. -I get fashion girl. -And I get sports guy. And one last thing.. your assignment this week is to trail your partner at work. Come back ready to discuss five things you learn about each other's magazines, and nothing stupid. Class dismissed. Jodie. Um, I don't mean to question you. It's just.. See, I already work at Fashion magazine, and I was kinda hoping that I could do something a little more meaningful, and I don't know what I can learn working with the sports guy. Who's right behind you. Awkward. Hey, why don't we just switch partners? -I mean, you don't want to learn about fashion. -No, I do, and I know that you are the perfect person to teach me. We are gonna knock this assignment out of the park. That's a sports thing. I'm gonna teach you all about that. Ugly Betty Season 03, episode 15 "There's no place like Mode" Subtitles by IrenePrysbrowsky (http://nanyscia.livejournal.com) Matt, I promise we will get to the tour. It's just, fashion week is crazy, and Daniel has, like, a million messages. Hey, no problem. So did you always know that you wanted to work in fashion? -Um, no, not really. -So how'd you end up here? What? Oh, I'm sorry. I was listening to the message. Oh, sorry. You were talking. I thought it was okay. And I missed it again. That's okay. I can just do this later. Oh, Amanda? I have to write a press release on Heinrich. -What do you know about him? -Never heard of him. He must suck. -Wow. Heinrich..he's great. -What, you know heinrich? -No. -Oh, 'cause you just acted like you knew him. I wasn't expecting the follow-up. Sorry. Oh, Daniel. You were all over the papers today. -Really? -Yes. Ahem. "Looking sensational at Michael Kors' was 'Mode's' Daniel Meade. He was accompanied by..."  Ugh! -What? -Nothing. I just remembered I can't read. -It's my own secret shame. -Amanda, what does it say? "His new girlfriend/charity case.. a frump with a pulled-back hairstyle that even a turn-of-the-century librarian would deem too severe." See? That is not so bad. They didn't mention her big ears. Well, that's insane. Molly looked fantastic. Oh, not according to this one. "Daniel meade might want to see a dermatologist. He seemed to have a 5'5' woman-shaped growth on his arm." Okay, now that one's clever. You've gotta laugh at that. Hello? Heinrich? I think the door is open. All right. I've never done this before. I'm a little nervous. So if you have any questions, maybe wait till after. Got it. -Oh! Is he dead? S-sorry. That was a question. Excuse me. Are you Heinrich? I am The Heinrich. Heinrich for short. I'm Betty Suarez from "Mode." This is my colleague Matt. I'm going to write your press release. We will make love..not today, but someday. Ay.Are those your dresses? They're very nice. They... are.. garbage. This is what we will present at the "Mode" show. Wings. They have wings. I don't know, though. I kind like this photo he's given you. -I like the way it catches the light. -That's shards of glass! The dress is on the mannequin 'cause the models won't even sign the release to wear that thing. Well, who am I to judge anyone? Two years ago, I was the "Mode" designer to watch. Now look at me..knocked up with someone else's kid, forced to take Brad Pitt's cuffs by an 1/8 of an inch. So the closet is just, like, a really big closet? There is no comparison between The Heinrich and The Christina. Well, it's very kind of you to say, but no one's writing a press release about me, are they? So do they ever give you any of the clothes? 'Cause if I'm covering a game and one of the guys is throwing out a bloody jersey, sometimes I get to keep that. Score! That's cool. Hey, Matt, this is probably so boring for you. Do you want to go back to my desk and read back issues? It's such a good way to learn. And you can open my confidential drawer. Don't worry. It's just snacks. He seems interesting. I know. It's just a really bad time to have somebody following me. I mean, I was willing to make the sacrifice for "The New York Review," but "Sports Experience? That's not really gonna help me. All right, what am I gonna say about this thing? Come here. Here we go. "For immediate release"... "It has been said fashion is pain." -You can't write that. -No, no, no. I can. I can. No write. It's good for a laugh. Okay, but this is just for us. "Science said no, but Heinrich said yes!" "So get your tetanus shots, and prepare to bleed." Here you go. I changed "shiny" to "glittering", and added the words "breakout designer" a few times. -It's good. -Thank you so much, Justin. It was so hard for me to get anything done at work yesterday with all of matt's questions. Ooh! Before I forget, I only get two tickets to the "Mode" show this year, -so we have to decide who's going. -I get one or I tell everyone that you still like Ricky Martin. I'm sorry. I have to play hardball. -Mama made pancakes! Ooh! Someone's in a good mood. Well, guess who's not taking papi's blood pressure this morning? Nurse skank. -Hilda. Ay. Let me enjoy myself. Eat your pancakes. Look, smiley face. -Aww, chocolate chip eyes! -Morning. -Morning. You have the same hideous robe as grandpa? It's not hideous. It's, um, retro. And obviously, we have some things to talk about. I just hope we can be, um, mature about it. Oh, sure. I got no problem being mature. Uh, I gotta get to work. You know, fashion week, all of that. Sorry. Talk to you later. Okay, I just have to say something. You're better than that robe. And I'm gonna go get you one of mine. And in the "Ten Designers to Watch" show, "Mode" presents cutting-edge fashion, literally.. Made of barbed wire and rusty nails, designer Heinrich's line promises to intrigue.. and danger. -What? -Science said no, but Heinrich said yes. -No! So get your tetanus shot and be prepared to bleed. -Ouch! -Oh, my god. That's the wrong press release. Morning. You would not believe how much I have already learned about fashion. And now I know that these are chinos. -Khakis. -Damn it. Matt, did you see where I put that press release I wrote yesterday? -Uh, yeah, I gave it to your boss. -You what? Well, he asked for it, and it said "for immediate release," so I didn't want to wait until you came back. -No. No, that was just a joke, a mean and terrible joke. I wrote the real one last night. -That one was never supposed to go out. Oh, God. I'm really sorry. Look, if you get fired, I can get you a new job. The guy who covers wrestling is leaving. -What? -Yeah, it's probably not the best fit, but we'll..we'll figure something..oh. Daniel, I'm sorry. This was never supposed to happen. Peering is back. Why did I ever listen to Marc Jacobs? Lagerfeld laughed in my face because my cuffs were peeking. Hey, nice job on that press release, by the way. I liked that it wasn't full of the same old cliches, and so did Heinrich. Really? He wants you to produce his show. Some jumping and hugging might be appropriate now. N-no, uh, produce his show.. what would I have to do? You know, come up with a concept for the show that gets people excited about his clothes. Oh, I don't know if I'm the right person for this particular line. Betty, come on. Don't worry. Designers have very clear visions. Just listen to Heinrich. He'll tell you exactly what he wants. Okay. Yeah. All right, well, then I guess I'm producing a show. -What was that? -It's jumping. It was your idea. Marc St.James alerting you that Wilhelmina Slater is on route to the Proenza Schouler show. Confirming her usual seat. That's..that's funny. It's getting less funny. You cannot do this to me! Name your price..box at the met, reservations at Buddakan, Kidney. I'm 0-negative. It's a universal donor. I can hear you, you know? What's going on? Oh, you're not gonna throw up, are you? Roll down the window. -You're in the second row. -What?! How is that possible? -I'm always in the front row. -I don't know, but they swear that there is nothing that they can do. You say the word, and I will kill myself right now. Oh, Marc, stop. Well, I'm certainly not going in there. No. It would be more humiliating than being caught in crocs. How could this happen? Have I changed? Have I gone soft? No. You're still as horrible and evil as the day that Satan himself placed you in your mother's arms. Oh, darling, that's sweet. But obviously, the fashion world has forgotten that I decide who is relevant, not them. I need to remind them of my power. I have a surprise for you. This is Clarissa and Skye, two "Mode" stylists. You never take advantage of dating an editor-in-chief, so I thought, what better time than fashion week? Thank you. -Say something. -I can't Don't mess up my lipstick. You are the first person who understands me, Betty Suarez. Still, we will wait to make love. Okay. Let's talk about your show. I tell you exactly what I want.. the hot, dry vortex of wind, that blows dreams into dust. -Okay, so fans.. -No, nooo! I hate fans. They are cliche'. -No fans. -Mm. Give me gray. Gray..that's good. That's specific. Gray but obscure. A rainbow of gray, but sharp like clear fog. Heinrich, I-I think we're going in the wrong direction. No, no, Betty, Betty, it is about pain, und escape, but no escape. Understand? Um,  actually.. No, no. Listen to the clothes. They will tell you what to do. I am coming to you live from the Proenza Schouler show. And now... entering the tent in a fabulous marc jacobs frock, we have.. looks like somebody's gone from drab to fab. Hello, "Extreme Makeover: Face edition." Ugly duckling. Ugly duckling. Maybe I should have gone with "swan." Wilhelmina Slater wants to give you an exclusive review of the Proenza Schouler line. And trust me, she'll be at her "wilhel-meanest." Hey! Hey, sorry I'm late. I was stuck talking to Heidi Klum. -That woman cannot find her way to the end of a joke. -Actually, I have to go. -Everything okay? -Yeah. It--my landlord called and th-there's a leak in my ceiling that might cave in or something, and it might take a while, so I'll talk to you later. Is it telling you what the concept is yet? Nope, not yet. Would it help if I told you I googled you and there are already 47 mentions of you and Heinrich? No. Actually, that doesn't help at all. So it's probably not the best time to ask you about the clip of you riding a Harley into a vat of Jell-O. Okay, Betty, you have got to get me into the Heinrich show. He is my favorite designer in the whole world. Okay, didn't you say that you didn't even know who he was? Someone's been hitting the tequila again. It's like mother's milk to her. Betty, Heinrich is all people are talking about, so that means he's good, obvi. Excuse me. Daniel, can I talk to you for just one second? So, like, the buzz on this Heinrich thing.. -it's getting kind of big. -Yeah, yeah. Actually, I was just coming to tell you. We're moving him to the closing position. Isn't that great? Oh! Wow! Great! So, like, if you want to go with someone with a little more experience to produce his show, you know, someone who can, like, hear when clothes talk, like some sort of a clothes whisperer... Why are you so weird today? I just don't think that I'm the person for this job. Betty, I trust you more than anyone. You are gonna do great. If it makes you feel any better, I don't get any of this stuff either. I mean, aren't you supposed to be able to wear clothes? -Yep, one would think. -So why isn't he good? I don't know, but apparently, there's something there, because everyone's going crazy for the Heinrich, -and I don't know what it is. -Oh, that's not good. It's very not good. You know what else is not good? I think I've wasted three years of my life in an industry that I don't even understand. And apparently, it's all I'm qualified to do. Well, when things get stressful, sometimes it's good to take a break, Uh, step outside your world. We can go over to my magazine. I could teach you about sports. Great. Maybe I could find a career in sports. I mean, I was thinking a magazine that actually meant something, you know, like "The New York Review." But hey! I could have a future in fashion or sports. Right. You know, I was really excited when we got partnered up. You know, I've been listening to you in class, and you seem so smart, and interested in things, but.. But I don't know.You haven't asked me a single thing about what I do. It's like you heard "sports" and judged me, which is exactly what you don't want people to do to you. You know, I know you think fashion is shallow, but.. it seems to me like you fit right in. Matt. Matt. I'm sorry. Look, you were right. I was being awful, and fashion week is not an excuse, -and I promise you, I am not shallow. -I know. I know. Even as I was saying it, I wasn't really believing it. Oh, good, because I do want to learn about your magazine. -In fact, let's go now. -Now? Yeah! Daniel's out at the shows. I'm not gonna get any further on this Heinrich thing. So let's go learn about sports. You know, tonight might not be the best night to start.. I won't take no for an answer. I tried to warn you. You could have been a little more specific. I can't believe you haven't seen "Step up 2 the streets" yet. It's only the best classical-versus-urban dance movie ever. It totally defines my generation. Trying to watch a movie here. Five, six, seven, eight. We should go dancing sometime. Mm. I got some moves. I bet you do. Everything okay? I can't hear what they're saying. It's either about stepping up or the streets. You know what? I don't even like this movie. What is going on with you? You're acting like a child. You're acting like a horny teenager. Hilda, I'm sorry you don't like this, but I have a right to be in a relationship. And I have a right not to have your relationship shoved in my face every time I turn around! No, papi. This is my house, too! For the record, I really like Elena, and it's not just because she's turned this place into a day spa. I wish Hilda felt that way. I know. They used to be friends. Maybe if she stayed in a room with her more than a minute, she'd remember that. Come on. Andie's about to show the 4-1-0 crew the true meaning of the streets. Hey. Nice game. Uh, Matt, are you sure it's okay for me to be in here? Well, they're okay with it if you are. Yeah. I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be fine? Oh! Sorry. Sorry. I didn't see anything. Although I think now we might be married. Hey. Hey, Sasha. Sasha, great game saturday. Hey, that, Betty, is Sasha Radovic. I swear, I once saw him drain a three from the parking lot. Oh, well, I understood "parking lot." So it must be nice, huh working at your dream magazine? "Great Sport"? Que nada. I always..I always stunk at sports. And I always thought the pros were just a bunch of overpaid babies. -Hey, I heard that. -Good. -So what changed? -I got to know the guys. Brock over there.. got into a car accident when he was 16. The doctors told him he would never walk again... but he had a dream to play basketball. And, uh, and Jimmy.. um, well, okay, Jimmy just likes the money, but, uh, but Sasha.. Just wait. Wait. Look at this. Whose names are those? His siblings. He was drafted here last year, passed when he was 18. Couldn't speak a word of english, hardly knew a soul, because the serbian government wouldn't allow his family to come with him. And so he plays to support them. Want me to, uh, keep going? Not if it includes pointing to more naked men. All I'm saying is that none of this was a natural fit for me. You know, but I found my way in by making it personal. Maybe that would work for you at "Mode." Here. Come on. I want to show you the, uh, showers. I'm..I'm kidding. We're actually going to the, uh, steam room. Shut up, matt. Hmm. I spent an hour and a half trashing Proenza Schouler. I said the most heinous things. I'm surprised I wasn't arrested for a hate crime. That'll teach them who has the real power in this business. Nobody puts baby in the second row. Oh, darling, that referee might be current in Australia, but we're over it here. Oh, this must be it. And finally, my exclusive interview with "Mode's" co-editor-in-chief, Wilhelmina Slater. We hear she's got some juicy dish on Proenza Schouler's new line. Wait a minute. Breaking news? This just in.. doggy jeans are now low-waisted. That's right, pups. It's time to ditch those mid-rise denims</i> or risk looking like last year's bitch. for more on these hoochie poochies, let's go to our canine correspondent. You can't let that bother you. It's slipping away. What is? Never mind. Talk to me. What is it? For 20 years, I killed myself for my career. I sacrificed everything, and now because I dared to flirt with a personal life, suddenly I'm nothing? Oh. Silly me. I just, uh, I thought I could have it all. You can, with me. Willie, you and I are both fighters. And the thing about being a fighter is, you don't stop. If you're down, you look for an opportunity to claw your way back. Now people may not like you for it, but I do. And we are in this together. So I learned all about how you grew up behind the iron curtain, dreaming of a life on the other side of the berlin wall and that you lost your father when he got caught trying to escape over the barbed wire. And so even when the wall came down, you still carried that pain, pain that is always with you, even in the clothes you make. Maybe the only way you can imagine escaping is by raising giant wings and letting the wind carry you far away. Is that right? Now we will make love. Well, no. Thank you, though. Let me show you how I want to use this in your show. This is a representation of the Berlin wall. You can explain to the fire marshal that our iron curtain is only blocking the back two exits. -There are six more exits in the house. -Yeah, sure. Right after I ask him to introduce me to some firemen. Everything good? Steve, we have to move Isaac Mizrahi to the front row. There are too many sharp objects for him to throw another tantrum. -Yeah, everything's great. -Good. Then it'll seem less selfish if I make this about me. -Something is going on with Molly. -What do you mean? Well, she ran out of Proenza Schouler and hasn't returned my calls since. Well, did you do something stupid? No, just the opposite. I got her this big makeover right before the show. Daniel, you did something stupid. Thank you. -What? -Look, you basically told her that you weren't okay with the way she is. No, I-I am okay with her. I-I think she's amazing. Well, then you better find a big way to tell her that. Oh! Careful with the razor blades. What are you doing here? I've never been to fashion week. I thought it'd be fun to watch the show together. Did my father put you up to this? -No. -I'm gonna kill him. And how could he do that to Justin? You know he was dying to come to this? Actually, Justin's the one who ga me his seat. I guess your father's not the only one who wants us to get along. -Molly. -Hi. Hey. I've been calling and calling. -I know. I'm.. -No, no, no, wait. I have been an idiot. You don't need a makeover. I'm the one who needs to change. You are so different from everyone I know, and you care about the things that matter, you won't let met get away with being shallow and stupid. When I think about our future, I'm not scared. It's just..it's exciting. And I've never been that guy before. I don't want to you to change. Molly, I love you. I love you, too. It's just been an overwhelming week. Yeah. No, I get that. Fashion week is ridiculous, and you have all that stuff going on with your apartment. How is that going? Actually, it's more serious than they thought. But they're working on it. Come on. Who's gonna wear that? I got the same one in purple. Christina! I think it's going really well. Oh, Mother of God. Pull up your own nail boots next time. Perfect. The show is perfect. Thank you. I give you a dress to say thank you. Your body will destroy the line. I give you this instead. Thank you. Thank you. Mine. Ow! Oh, that hurts so good. -Do you want to get a drink? -Let's go. I am this close to throwing a tantrum. Why is spandex such a glamour don't? It's the perfect fabric. You can dress it up. You can dress it down. Right? You put on a red belt, some chunky jewelry, you're going out. -What do you think about stirrup pants? -You first. -I love 'em. -I know. Me, too. I love 'em. I can't help it. -You are so busted. -What? You're having a good time with me. You like me. Fine. I like you. It's just... this thing with my father... Look... maybe we could set some ground rules. Okay, I'm listening. Ignacio and I could sit a little further apart during movie night, and keep the P.D.A. to a minimum. Oh, I don't know. It is kind of sweet.. you guys makingon each other... Maybe you could go to your place once in a while. Done. That model with the spikes is a wee bit steady on her feet. I think there might be an impaling. I think I finally get it. Fashion is art. It's just another way of taking what's on the inside and putting it out there for everyone else to experience it. It's not shallow. It's courageous. It's... it's beautiful. Are you okay? Did you cut yourself on a dress again? No, no, no, no. Well, no, not--not that. I just... Are you going into labor? Well, not exactly. I've..I've sort of been in labor all day. -What?! -No, but I didn't want to go to the hospital until the contractions got a little bit closer together... -Which is about now. Ooh! Ooh! -Well, come on. Let's get you out of here. Shoot! The iron curtain is blocking the back two exits. Heinrich, I'm sorry. Christina, let's go. Oh, no, no, no, no, Betty. Not the runway. -Yes, the runway. -I don't want to spoil the show. We don't have any other option. Oh, it is more pain than I could ever dream of. It is perfect! Excuse me. Here, just take my hand. Now watch out for the broken glass. Just keep breathing. Breathe. Breathe. Daniel, call an ambulance! You're gonna be okay. We're gonna get you a doctor. Uh-huh. Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Good. Good. No.Oh, no, Christina. Go ahead. You go without me. I'll be okay. What are you talking about? I have no idea. I'm delirious. But I think I'm gonna have the baby here! What? Apparently, the back exits are blocked, which is why betty and christina decided to ruin the show. Yes, I'll hold. Yeah, uh, paramedics said with the crowds and street closures it could be tough to get through, but I'm checking on a helicopter right now. Yes. Daniel Meade. So Christina can't get out, and they can't come in. It's a fashion disaster. Or it could be an opportunity for me to claw my way back to the top. People, she needs her privacy. Models, come forward. Let's go. Now raise your wings. This isn't quite how I pictured it happening. Um, could the models please turn around? Is there anyone here qualified to deliver a baby? My father's girlfriend is a nurse! You called me his girlfriend. -Yeah, I'm growing. -Chop! Chop! Let's go! Who's the pregnant lady wearing? Herself. She's wearing herself..Christina Mckinney. Yay! That was Isaac Mizrahi! -You're gonna get really excited later. -Yes. Stand by, lights. Cue music. This is Suzuki st. Pierre, live from the "Mode" show, where the child of Wilhelmina Slater and the late Bradford Meade is about to make its first runway appearance. With any luck, Wilhelmina's chromosomes will drown bradford's in the gene pool, and we'll end up with a looker. I wish she would quit doing that. I am not crying. I am.. Damn it. It's dan rather all over again. Go, lights. Go, music. Cue the hydraulic lift. Cue the land mines. Matt, hey. What are you doing here? Well, I-I wanted to see what you did with the show, and wow. And a live birth. Heinrich gave you nothing, and you made it amazing. I mean, you were the one who told me to dig deeper, find my connection. -Thank you. -Thank you. -For what? -I don't know. It's just an impulse I have whenever someone says "thank you." So, Matt, uh, we're gonna be partners this year. I get to learn all about sports, and now that the fashion show is done, I'll have time to show you all the things you wanted to learn about fashion. To be honest, I wasn't really that interested in learning about fashion. I was more interested in learning about you. So... I will see you at Y.E.T.I.. partner. It would have been so much better if I had left before I did that. So... what's it feel like to have a half brother? It's good. Weird. It makes me miss my dad. Yeah. I didn't get a chance to tell you. You put on quite a show You found a way to make unwearable clothes beautiful. Oh, stop. I learned from the best. Seriously, you have this way of connecting with people. Like, you get beneath the surface. You don't find that in this business. I know it's not what you want to be doing, but I think you'd make a great editor at "Mode"... someday. Well, thank you for the compliment. I'm just kind of embarrassed it took me so long to figure it out. Fashion has a lot more substance than I thought. -I'm certainly glad you think so. -Me, too. Of course... if you ever decide to have a career in fashion, we have to talk about all the colors and patterns. If I decide to have a career in fashion, then I get to decide what looks good. And if you don't watch it,