So that's group HR sent me, huh? I only talked to them for a little while. I really like Galvin Which one is he? I don't want to do the interview today. I am starting to feel crazy maybe,because you're eating chocolate covered pretzel for breakfast Thanks I almost eat the whole bag See.Which one of those goophers is gonna do that for me Hey,not too long ago, I was one of those goophers All right. Promise me you will pick someone good I promise Good Do you need anything else? Actually, fact checking. I know you... Come on,what kind of editor would I be if I can't do a little fact checking. Add to my file All of it by two o'clock? No problem Wow, that's a lot reading. But I am happy you let me do it. Japanese to English? I look forward to the challenge. Wow, look at that giant pile. I know. It is carrying all those papers Igoring and rising above What's wrong, Betty? Now you are a big fancy editor and you don't even talk to the little people Oh,I am sorry. I couldn't hear you over your flash shirt - Did you just... - Fashion is my best Suarez. Unexpected Unlike you, Betty.I look great in jewel tones. What's the tude? I tried to be nice to you. But since my promotion, all you do is insult you and sabotage me. So I am done with you. I really like the side of her Do you mind? - Sorry. - No no it's my bad. Here, let me help you. I was wondering if you have any feature ideas for the New York issue What? You mean to write a article? Yeah, unless you are too busy... Oh no no I would love to write an article. Actually, I am working on this concept about the unsung heros of New York. People who do the toughest jobs and we can showcase their uniforms for fashion lingo. New York's 10 most thankness jobs. Sounds perfect Really? Wow,thanks.Ok,great Well I will get to work. Oh Matt,I am really glad that we... - you know. - Yeah, me too. Oh hey Matt. I really like your haircut. Just looks so healthy. Make me wanna pull it. haha..Actually,I didn't get a haircut. Ow,wow,that kinda hurt.Thank you. Bye my god,Mandy.You are five minutes away flipping his arms and lying him down on the desk. Hww, you love him Please. He is tainted. Kissing him is like kissing Betty. Betty.yes.Daniel is looking for you. He wants you to meet the new assistant. Ohh,he picked someone. Is it Galvin£¿ I don't think so. Hi Are you Daniel's new assistant? Lexi .like sexy Oh I see. I am Betty, like confetti. I am Daniel's older assistant. I am more than happy to help you. I can show you how things work. I know how things work. I am sure you will be fine. Hey Betty. Did you meet Lexi yet? Lexi,like sexy? Yes, we met. - Daniel. - What? What happened to Galvin? Of all the people HR sent over, that's who you picked. Looks like nothing to do...with it. I can't believe you even think that. I am a widower, Betty You certainly didn't pick her because she's friendly Maybe she is intimidated by you. I told her she has some pretty big shoes to fill.hmm She nailed the interview, totally helpful. Let me get that for you. Just cause she's pretty doesn't mean she is not qualified. You'd know judging a book by its cover works both ways. I am sure if you think she is capable, then she will be great. Where the hell have you been? Can I go out to get some frozen yogurt? If you can go a couple weeks not murdering any boyfriends Did you talk to anyone? You know me,just get one frozen yogurt in me, I just tell all my sercret Is this a joke to you? You will not be laughing when we're both in jail,young lady. Mum,it was twenty minutes. I asked you to do one thing. Nicole,after everything I've done for you. Boarding school in France, taking you in when you needed help. I am sorry. It won't happen again. You're right.It won't happen again. Because from now on, you don't leave my sight. That's it.Now,you type in your password right there. That's how you check your email So,what's my password again? Ignaciorules. Just want to hear you say that. Hey,look at that. Guess papi is more modern than you thought Yes,congratulations.You have mastered emails. Welcome to 1993. Hey,I think it's very cool that you are learning to use the computer. You are in the mood. What? It's Archie. I never get to see him anymore. He is busy campaigning and canvassing the neighborhood. I will tell you one neighborhood he is not canvassing if you know what I mean What? It's passion. Without it,every relationship fails. I don't want that happen to us. Maybe, he is not attractive to me anymore What? Are you crazy? Look at you. Yeah,that would be pretty crazy. mija, more coffee? you'll gonna be more full all night. so i'm gonna only make it through. i have all these work to do, and i haven't even started writing my own article. just have the people below you do it. isn't any editors to do? justin, i'm a junior editor, there is no one below me in my department. there is always someone lower than you. in junior high, the drama kids seem like the foodchain there is always the band, and the vanason fair nervous i like the Vanason's fair i was one of the queen's dancers. so, betty who is below you? there is a pour of assistants that junior editors can use. but i don't want, i can handle my own work. mija, it is not a sign of weakness to ask for help. mage, i know you hate your life, but does everything you pick up have to be so drary? don't come back until you get it right. great pep talk, everyone looked really scary. hey, willie, can i talk to you about something? i just ran up for Paul from style, he is good authorities from gay rany oh, just say it. hartley and claire were having dinner with Isabell last night. were they just planning to replace you. what are we gonna do? what's the plan? blackmail? i've been trying to get dirt on Isabell for years, she has cleaned up as a vessel. then what? hartley and claire are your enemy. marc we'll just have to convince them that i'm not their enemy. remind them that i'm a team player. you're serious? yes, i can turn on the charm if i want. 1 time shaky ground wouldn't kill me to kiss claire's ass so, your plan is being nice? yes. i just gonna give you some space, some time, so you can hatch up something else. speak of things, when you hatched, nico is here. yes, i brought her in to learn about fashion. go and grab her a chair, she'll quiet as nice ok, sure. so, nico, what you've been doing in bording school brings bag Wilhemina i'm sorry to interrupt. don't be sorry, being sorry takes time. just put it down. well, i've requested an assistant from the pull, but HR says you have to sign off one of them. but you never stay with your mom for this long, is there a boy trouble? don't you meet some guy back packing for you? so what happened to him? you need an assistant? Done. walk this way. really? thank you, i have so much editorial work that i have no idea... i thought you'll working... we are here. marc, i need you to reassign for a few days. reassigning? oh, no, no, no, no, i... yes, betty here needs an assistant, and you are it. ********** ********** *********** *********** *********** i can not be betty's assistant. it goes against the nature order of things. she, she is ridiculous. i've made my decision, marc. is this because i told you about the french editor who might be replacing you? do not punish the messager, willie. it's a good learning experience for nico to the manner desk besides, you are always to complain that you are more editorial responsibility and betty needs help in the feature i'm..., you know what, i i can do this by myself. betty, you might be a star assistant, but as an editor, you'll fail to produce one single item for this magazine. you want help? here it is. and don't worry about it. betty is in charge, shut up and get out. i said get out. very amateur. just because i'm your temporary assistant does not mean i'm getting you coffee. got it? i could be an editor in V. V? a certain magazine whose name shall't be said reins for vogue Donting.Ally Junior himself offer me a job. Donting.Ally Junior a man so fabulous he was in cafeteria everyday and i said, "no, thanks." i'd rather be in mode being assistant of Betty Suarez you know what, marc, this is awkward for me, too. but i could actually use your help. by need to tremohunt your words from trends column maybe you could help me with that. i could do that after my sleep. hey, lexy, i'm gonna pop down to cafeteria to have lunch with my friend Natalie. i'm on the phone. what was you saying? ok, anyway, i'll be back in an hour, ok? sorry, my new boss, yelled at me about something. mother, could you just take off your sun-glasses? it's so embarrassing. i can't believe that you drag me down here. kind of sad people eating cafeteria hello, hello. Wilhemina well, well, it's your girl over here. would you please? thank you. claire, what a nice surprise. this is my daughter nico. hello, nico. it's nice to meet you, dear. surprise to see you down, Wilhemina. eating our monster cominer you're too funny. I would bust wave i have had the moral mood could we talk about business for just a minute? we like the new york issue, but we are a little concerned about the sales. now cal has an idea. So try to keep up your ears on this. Get on, your old bags. every book or movie I see these days are all about vampires. It's a total cash call. Now, what if we put a vampire on the cover of mode. you've got be kidding me. So the New York theme becomes gothic gotham Keep the fashion, but give our covergirl some fans. worst I did ever Oh, wait, it's my turn to talk. I love it. you do? Cal and I thought we might get you some push back on this. I know a great idea when I hear one. Wilhemina Slater is and will always be a team player. I am crazy for catalufa Do you love them? I don't know, thank you for the feeding Here is the way to be good in mode. you know what? yeah. I've been getting here the guy give the inspiritional hot I don't know. He is kind of great He teaches us about how co-operate with staff, and divorce. If you're curious. He actually talked this afternoon. About losing loved ones. The Community of the Phoenx. Rising above from the ashes of your lives, and so on. I think it's chasing, in this region. I know. Forget the book slogan. It's really been helping you work through some stuff. Ok, you just scoffed at me. No, I am not scoffing at you. Whatever, you know what? Never mind. You're not ready for it, anyway. You want to make me think I'm not ready. Of course, I'm ready. Besides, What can it hurt, right? Right. Community of The Phoenix. - Hi, Hilda. - Shuu. Hi. Do you remember that Halloween When I was the sexiest super hero? Remember how those guys were groping? Yes, that was the year when he's the D.A. Oh, yeah. That was sad. Anyway, where are the sexy boots. Why? I'm gonna take Archie a sexy picture of myself. You know, put a little envy on his sides. Hilda. Sexy? What, please! Sound like I'm gonna be nude. It's gonna be a tasteful picture by then. I'm not giving away the whole basket, Betty. Just the nice cleavage. Classic. The boots are on the attic, I gona go, bye. Bye. While you're on your personal call, I finished the trends column. You cut the whole end row? You know what, I don't miss it. Good idea. Great idea. What? Nothing. It's just bad that I have to watch you getting promoted above me Without having any knowledge of fashion. Well, now, I have your attitude eruption on my face. You know what, Marc. I'm not going to keep having this argument with you. I know I'm not perfect, But Daniel and Wilhemina paid me for a reason. Yeah, Daniel's name is on the building. And you two are lovers. You know I have had the mind To march into Daniel's office right now. And put this issue to rest in once for all. I would love to see the look on your face, When Daniel says they gave me the job, Because they thought I would be a better editor than you. Okay. I would love to hear him say those words. Fine! Fine! No. Er, you both so qualified, with some... Just give us the truth. You have voted trumpt to Wilhemina. Right? Because you're a Mead. Or was it simply that I had more potential as an editor. It was a  very hard decision for us to make. Why are you so caring their feelings, Daniel? We tossed a coin. And you got your job, Betty. Because you were tails. You know, I wanted you in this job. The coin-toss was the only way to break through in-path. No, I know. It's just the only way keeping me going was the feeling That I actually deserved this. Betty, wait. You do deserve this. Believe me. Yeah, I know, I know. Good. Look, I have to run to my layout meeting. Are you sure you're gonna be all right? Yeah. Yes. Right. Hi, tails. I'm so happy to be cleared like that. You're not better than me. You're just lucky. You're nothing more than tails, the badges of a quarter. Hi, guys. - Betty, how's your article going? - Great. I've already set up a bunch of interviews With some of the toughest working people in the city And I'm going down there to see first ten. Great. And while you are down there, Why don't you see if they actually do some of the jobs? Oh, ok. Like the first person in place. Yeah. And you should wear all those humiliating clother That they wear and take a lot of pictures For the document and whole thing. You got a great idea. Marc. See, some people just don't think like an editor. Can you get my messages for me, please? Thank you. Hello, Mr. candidate. Did you get the picture that I sent to you. Yes, I got. And so did everyone else. What? You hit "Reply all to my campaign emails". Hilda. - That's put into my entire district list. - Oh, my god. Hilda. This is the absolutely worst thing That could happen at this point of my campaign. Archie, Archie. I got an email. Archie, you gonna get those emails back. I was not that decent. I can't get it back. And now everyone including the kids I volunteered with Was opening their emails And find a picture of your boobs. Ignaciorules I can't talk, right now. Just meet me later, ok? Ok. I got something from you. It's a picture. Where are my reading glasses? No. Hi, Lexy. How about a cup of coffee? Oh, yeah. I love one, thanks. Oh, er, ok. Finished your fact checking Thanks. So, you're getting her a coffee now? You know what, I don't think it's working out so well with Lexy Which is weird Because I'm usually such a good judge character? Yeah. I picked you, didn't I? No, not exactly. Your father picked me. Precisely, so that you wouldn't do which you always do Which is hiring an assistant who you wanted to sleep with. Right. Is that why you hired me? Hi, Lexy You disgusting. No, no. No. Oh, my god. I didn't know she was right there. Do you want me to go and say something to her? No, you're busy. My problem. I can handle it. Lexy I really need to appologize to you. You heard something out of that context. And I really wanted you to know That's not the reason I hired you. And I promise you, The more you get to know me, the more you realise I'm just not like that. Ok? What is wrong with you? - No, no, no. - You think you can just grab me? No, that was an accident. I was just trying to reach for your shoulder. You, dirty old man. No, no. I'm sorry. Lexy, I'm sorry. Wait. Old? What... Tails. Would you just stop doing that? Come on. It's time for you to do ten worst jobs in New York city. Mr. Beckluney? Hi. Hi, I am Betty Suarez, we spoke on the phone. I'm here to be your hotdog rolesters. Taj ma hot dog. Delicious meat substitude hotdogs. Sounds tasty. Thank you. I knows it is not chilly day But can get my disticking hot dog suit I am sorry, but there's actual hot dog suit? Oh, I just thought today wouldn't get sweeter. No, which one of you going to be the wena? Which one is going to be the bun? What? Two men costume. You can't have a wena without a bun? Woa. You are the man No. You wear the stupid costume. Your article; you are the editor. You are right. Marc. I am the editor. I¡®ve been doing the hardest job in New York all day long. You have been doing nothing at all. But your Wilhemina make me in charge. So suit up, cause I am the boss, and you are the bun. Woa, what do you think? You look great. But please don't eat it front the customers. A hot dog eating a hot dog. It freaks them out. Ok. What do I do?  Treat customers, hand out them coupon It doesn't seem so hard. Sometimes it happens. Now where is my bun? Bun, we need you. Can have a hot dog without a bun? Ah, there you are. Unlike you betty Whoever rediculous getup some of daily bases. I have a reputation to protect. Come on, Marc you look adorable. Gonna have a eat. What the hell is that? Was the hot dog music. Come on I show you the dance dance. Still doesn't read vampires. Maybe sharper fangs Maybe we should add some blood to the front of the dress. Oh I agree. Good idea. Claire. Don't you dare. Oh Nico. What are you doing? It wasn't on purpose. Don't you have blood on your hands? Mom do not get all pissed with me, Because you hate the vampire idea God, it is not my fault. Actually it is. I am hanging on by a thread. doing everything again to keep my job That is because my job can help you. It's all for you. So I am making nice. Even though this vampire shoot is rediculous. Rediculous? What happen to loveing the concept? I do. I am 100% on board. Team player. We ran the idea by you because we want your blunt opinions. Well. How the hell I supposed to give my honest opinion? Kowning that Isabelle can replace me any minute. I have the feeling that you might have heard about that. You want to know the truth. Yes. This is juvernier You put this on the cover, and is damaging the brand. Mode is not followed trends. We set them. All right. I'll talk to Kale. You're agreeing with me? And now you do something for me. Drop the budget. Start by cutting 10 pages contents. Oh, Wilhemina, just do your job while you still have it. OK, 5, 6, 7, 8 Eat me, I am a hot dog. Can I always buy? Time to eat the greatest chicken As much I love giant wena flying at me. This is the loop outside my comfort zone. You don't try to catch me. Marc It is not my fault. You can't count. You were too foolish early. Oh no, I can't count. No you can't count, you can't dance. Certainly you can't edit the fashion magazine. What is it with you? Marc You know at the point we've just gone at the way If you had been promoted, . I would have just been happy for you Why can't you just be happy for me? Why should I be happy for you? Of course the coin landed on you You like the luckiest person on the world You have a great job, great family Multiple attractive man wanna to date you God knows why. I can't catch a break. I am always the bun. Come on Marc. It is not that bad. Don't happy pity me You wanna a top thinkless job  in New Yok city. Try being Wilhemina Slater's goofer for 5 years Let's put on this. I could be the editor at the magazine whose name shall not be mentioned. I could be a photoshelf to the most fashionable man in publishing My style icon Donting.Ally Junior Yes? You grab her boob? No, I didn't grab her. I sort of greaze it Daniel It was an accident. I was going to apologize. I don't care how bad the assistant she is. If you grab gread it and look sideway at that boob. You can't fire her. You have a big lost on you head. I am so so sorry I feel terrible about this. The last thing I wanna do was hurt you. -I just, I didn't think. -This is why. Hilda. You didn't think. I know you don't mean this to be happened. But you know what photo like this to do to the campain? This is a big embarrassment for me. Nobody could be as embarrassed about this as me. It's my picture people are talking about. Well then why did you do it? You have been so busy lately. I just want us to be closer. You know I want you to be exciting about us again. I am sorry if I am embarrassing you Ah. I am surprised you remember me. Of course I do. It is not often someone refused a job from us. But you said you have to pursue your dream Which apparently is selling hot dogs? Oh no I don't work here. I am still at Mode They finally made you editor? Ah still pick Wilhemina Slater dry cleaning. Actually Marc is so valuable at Mode that We just got him at the feature department. We are doing a story right now The hardest job in New York That's why wearing this crazy costumes Features. Good for you, congratulations i like to see current with upcoming young editors Brunch? sometimes? Have your assistant editor Acctually, she is not... I would be happy to You don't have to do that I know Thanks I just figured you'll do for a change in luck It's you Emergency editor's meeting at 4 p.m That's in senven minutes Well...we have to get back to the office I'll get the cab You go back to tarjema and get back our cloths Hey...hold the door, thank you Come on, hurry, where are my cloths? um... I might have accidentally trashed them What? In my defense, i was sort of hating you at the time Here, let me... Don't help me - Betty, don't be like that - you know,every single time I think there is a glimmer of A decent person in there You always seem to prove me wrong And now, i have go back to the office just like a hot dog Where everybody all already thinks i am a joke Thank you Close the door, please. Why do we have to Accept that our loved ones are gone They are with us, always And if we deny that It will only prolong our pain So I say reject acceptance You don't agree with me? You don't want to be here, do you? No, he doesn't Yes, i do I'm offering you a Chance and elevated relationship with someone you lost But you can only achieve that connection When you are honest with yourself about what you want And you can't be honest with me Or can you? Do you wanna be here? Fine, i don't want to be here Congratulations You just healed part of yourself You are scough at that? I wasn't scoughing He was, he was scoughing He has been doing it all day Just stop it, What? i'm trying to help you Fine...yes...i was scoughing Come on. honesty heels? i mean... Don't you think it sounds a little simplistic? people has always underestimated the powper of simplicity Tell you what Go and  try being hornest in your daily life Exactly when you think you shouldn't be And if i am right It frees you up in some way Come back, if it doesn't...fine Except that person you loved Is gone forever and good luck with that Amanda? can we talk? I need to...um...tell you somthing that is kinda of secreate What is it? Come here, no, closer closer Amamda, you are such a good kisser Its just the hot dog suit, do you know whether editor's meeting have started yet? Amanda? Have you seen...um...Betty? Betty? Listen Wilhemina is cutting ten pages of content for budget Everyone is fighting to keep their staff That is ridiculous Do i have time to change? If you want to save your article You'd better getting there quick Um...lexy Can you get the book from the art department? please Get it yourself You know how to grab things Lexy,Lexy,hey... Let me retell the honesty with you The only reason i hired you is because you are hot In fact, you are crazy hot And i am a man who like to look at beautiful woman So...sue me No, he is just... Kidding...no.... don't...sue him Daniel, waht are you doing I am telling the truth You are not right for this job, Lexy You are mean, you are impatient You walk around as if everyone is blow you And they are Because you are Twenty-feet tall You are not an assitant, Lexy I think you would make a terrific model - a model? - yeah. think about it... You shouln't be behind the desk You shold be sprod across a desk Dressing skintight looking hungry on a cover of a magzine Oh, God You know, i...always thought I was too pretty to be a secretary, but Girls always hated me When i said that loud Oh, you will see it then, say I am a model I am a model Thank you Um...i have to go to tell everyone that i konw What is the hell was that? Honesty I am sorry, Gill, you can't convince me that lagging of Your articles are out Who is next Whatever that is, it's cut Wait...wait... Doesn't Betty get a chance to Defend her article everyone else did Alright, she has 30 second, let's go Ok...um... My article is about the toughest job in New York Seems a little dry Maybe, you could use some moisture I am sorry, Betty I don't think it fits in Mode Maybe it has to be that Wait...Wilmi But you could be If we recreated it for you What are you doing? I am saving you Come on, there Eat me i am a hot dog And i am the whole wheat bun Now it's  time to eat the great cheese under the sun Add a squirt of ketchup, a whole lot fun Eat me on my hot dog Eat me on my body us That was the most humiliating thing I've ever seen. Yes. These uniforms are ridiculous. But this city is full of uniforms inspiration for fasion comes from the most unlikely places Like, bad pessengers in bright light car Or the aplites on a policeman's uniform. Trash collectors were wearing jumpsuits Way before they showed up on every runway last spring. Also, look at the funny pictures of Betty wearing the uniforms. I can't run those pictures. Then, instead of betty, Picture supermodels. Em, congratulations, buddy. You're in. Wow, look how good these came out. Oh, here is Lexy pulling a petty cab. Yep, the camera loves lexy like sexy I have no idea what I was thinking Hiring her as my assistent. That is something the old daniel would do. Come on. you made a mistake. you are only human. So, why is that you cut me but you won't do the same for yourself? What do you mean? I mean, this is your first piece for the magazine as editor. It's a great spread. You don't look even a little bit excited. I'm excited. But... It's just... I've been fighting and fighting with marc Trying prove to him that I deserved to be the editor, And he is the one who saved the day Betty this whole piece was your idea. Why don't you know that you are good at this you are great at this? I don't know. maybe because I was tails. Look, Betty, Some people get the job because Of the flip of a coin, right? Some people get the job because Their father owns the company. It doesn't matter how you get it. Matters what you do with it. Hilda, can I borrow you? It will only take a minute. I will be right back. And now the candader Archie Rodriguez About a certain photo of my girlfriend. And I just want the press stop showing this photo. Ai, this is not my best angle. Everyone is asking me if I want to apologize to the voters. The truth is the only person who deserves an apology Is my girlfriend. She had her privacy invaded And I'm sorry I wasn't more understanding. As for the voters, they have only to accept the fact that My girlfriend is sexy And I will not apologize for that. Archie. I can't believe you did that. Yeah, and we got the latest polls And thanks to your sexy picture, Hilda, I'm more popular than ever I'm in the lead. Oh, my god! Oh, my god! This is fantasitic. Oh, my god! Archie, you're gonna win. Wait, now? I have customers. They can wait I'll be back in 11 minutes. I brought us a treat. Frozen yoghurt. Chocolate, my favourate. Em, mine too. Frozen yogurt in the middle of the day, what's the occasion. Mama is keeping her job. Esablle turned it down. And for the last mean I don't know why she'd think that Mode is a stepup from Frech ELLE I heard she got a call from an editor of french mode Something about how difficult Clair were to work for I don't remember bribing anyone from mode france. Bonjour ******** You? You devest little minx I guess all those years of french boarding school paid off. Mum, I'm just so sorry About dragging you into all this And I figured after everything you've done for me, I owed you. Oh, Nicole, My darling daughter, I would do anything for you And I have a feeling Everything is gonna be all right. Oh, I thought you swore you'd never get me a coffee. Don't get too excited. i put it on your card. Oh, I want to show you the final edit of the article. You know, betty, you're a great writer now, I am not exact in the reading mood right now, Could you just give me the summary. Could you read the top? ************* You're sharing your byline with me? In five years of mode, I've never had a byline. Why are you so nice to me? Either one of us could have gotten this promotion and right before daniel told me He had this look on his face And I thought, that's it, you're leaving tomorow. I were sure of it. I mean I'd say I would been happy for you, but I don't know. You would've been happy. Were you just about to hug me? Shut up. no. You were about to hug me! Okay. ha-ha.