- I'm Betty Suarez. - Hi, Betty. I'm your new assistant. I got the job because Bradford Meade didn't want his son to be tempted to sleep with his assistant. Nepotistic son of a bitch gives my job to his... His son. So the question is, how do we get to Bradford? We use Daniel. Who is this? He's a man of many, many secrets, Daniel. Dig a little deeper, and you may find he's capable of practically anything. Excuse me, sir. You know, I think I was here before them. This is a party for my boss. Daniel Meade-- I'm his assistant. No, I am, I am. Here, look, I have--I have my xerox card. It's here somewhere. I know I have it. They don't just give these to anybody. Oh, see, she knows me. Amanda! - Right this way. - Amanda! Sweetheart, why don't you come back on monday night? That's when we let anybody in. Oh! Here, look, I found it. My--my xerox card. I'm standing outside Vamp, Manhattan's hot spot de jour, and it's nothing but trendy and fendi here for Daniel Meade's cover party, as we celebrate his first issue of "Mode" hitting the stands. More than a few eyebrows were raised on the catwalk when Meade was chosen to replace the late Fey Sommers over seasoned creative director Wilhelmina Slater. Miss Slater, this way! Wilhelmina, hi! You're gorgeous! What'd I miss? "The Times," "Page Six," "The News"-- they've been all over Daniel. Heidi Klum is a no-show, Isaac's in the back getting sloppy, oh, and... wait till you see Veronica Jensen's face-lift. Lawsuit! Look at them, falling all over themselves trying to get a quote. As if he actually knew anything about fashion. The man went to Vera Wang's spring line, gave her a high-five. # But I can't seem to # # get you over here # # To help take this off, # # baby can't you see # # How these clothes are fitting on me? # # Dance! # # Dance dance revolution # # Keep ya body movin' # # Now first things first... # Hi. Walter, what are you doing here? Okay, my turn. Betty, check it out. Actually, I think, uh, I'm the one that should be asking the questions here. Like, what were you doing out at some club with your boss till... 9:45? Well, it was a party for his first issue. And why am I explaining this to you, Walter? We're not even dating anymore. Yeah, and whose fault is that? Well, you're the one who dumped me for Gina. For just two days, and it takes longer than that to digest corn. As beautiful an apology as that is, Walter, I think we're over. Come on. Betty, look what I brought you. This game's been on back-order for two months. Couldn't even use my discount. Full price. So I'm supposed to forgive you because you couldn't use your employee discount? Walter, go home. I would, but we're in the middle of a game here. Yes! Okay... now  I'm gonna go home. Full price! July issue. Black lace push-up bra, red mesh thong. See, I never forget a face. Careful, Daniel, I think she's only 12. Hi, dad. I see that you've been mingling. Are you talking to anyone who actually matters? I've done 40 interviews already. Look's like my first issue's a home run, huh? Yeah, you pulled it off. Christy Benson from "New York Minute" seems to think I did a little more than pull it off. You're the editor of "Mode," Daniel. "Mode" sells "Mode." Mr. Meade, can we get a 2-shot with Daniel? A couple more, sir? This way. Thank you. Well, if that wasn't a cover shot-- media mogul Bradford Meade and his son, the shining star. The issue's a big hit, Daniel, and your brother really would've been proud. Well, I'm not so sure about that. What did I do, anyway? "Mode" sells "Mode." Right, dad? You remember the yacht? Your dad throws this party to introduce Alex to the entire fashion community as the new editor of "Hudson." He walks in with a black pinstripe Armani jacket, white tuxedo front shirt and polka-dot boxers. That picture ended up in almost every newspaper in the country. Circulation went up 38%. That is an editor. Well, you should've told me that, dad. I would've gladly dropped my pants for you. Oh,  sorry. Maybe it was insensitive of me to mention him tonight? This is Daniel's party, but, uh, Alex is such a... tough act to follow. So was the club amazing? They say people wait in line for, like, three hours just to get inside. Some even more. You're home early. I checked your homework. Was there any famous people there? Did you bring me a matchbook? Justin, I forgot. Well, what about the bathroom doors? Do they really fog over when you push a button? Justin, I... didn't have to use the bathroom. Okay, Justin, go get ready for bed. And by the way, I read your boss' first issue. A little bulky, but good balance of style, accessories and puff pieces. You didn't get in, did you? I have to go e-mail Daniel his itinerary for tomorrow. Síentate. Why do you do this to yourself, hmm? I keep telling you, those places aren't for people like us. Hilda, please, just... don't. Okay. Okay,  look, if this is so important to you, let me help you. - How? - How?! I am the top-selling Herbalux sale associate in my district, and all because I know how to sell myself-- the hair, the face, the clothes. You gotta look it to be it. That's the Herbalux way. Thanks, but I don't think so. Betty, mama... you wanna fit in with these people? I got news for you-- they're not gonna change. Mnh-mnh. You have to. I'm gonna get chocolate sauce. Hey. Good morning to you, too. You know what the doctor said. You already threw away my cigars. - One lousy cup of coffee-- - Oh, I'm sorry. Have you been going to medical school on your lunch hour? Dad, you have to take this more seriously. This is your heart. - Have you taken your pill? - I only have a few left. - I'm trying to make 'em last. - Dad, take it. We'll get a refill. All right, I'm taking it, I'm taking it. You know, I actually think I'm making some headway on this H.M.O. thing. I finally got a real person on the phone yesterday instead of some stupid recording. I had to wash it down with something. You didn't stay long last night. No, sorry. I had to wake up early for the conference call to Milan, and then go over the kiera shoot proofs, and then approve the models for the Paris spread. It's 9:15. Well, someone's got to hold this magazine together, Bradford. I mean, Daniel is trying, but, uh, some people are just naturals. Don't worry. I've got his back. Excuse me. I'm sorry. Well, don't you look... sweaty? I've been in the archives. Daniel wanted all these back issues. Mm-hmm. Well, we missed you at the party last night. What happened, sale at the 99 cents store? No, I... I couldn't get in. Are you serious? Oh, you poor thing. Those jerks at the door... all they seem to care about is appearance. Look, it's all about appearance. That's all Alex did to "Hudson." He changed the font, the layout, hired some trendy photographers, and my father thinks he's some kind of hero. I can do these same things to "Mode." But, Daniel, your first issue was a big success. My nephew loved it. It wasn't my issue, and you know it. I mean, Wilhelmina chose every designer, every article. I just signed my initials to lots of memos. I... That's gonna change. Set up a staff meeting for monday-- all department heads, and work around my father's schedule. I want him there, too. Two words-- fa boo. It's for that breast cancer thing at the plaza. And who's the lucky "plus one"? The senator's in town. I thought breast cancer was pink. It is, but alzheimer's went better with the outfit. What? I'm supporting. That's what counts. Zip me. What do you want, anyhow? Conference room, and it's good. So here are all the models that Alex worked with, and  I found that font style that he used. Um, also, I brought all of these photographers' books. This one right here--this is my favorite. He's amazing. He's shot everyone from, like, Madonna to the Dalai Lama. Yeah, this is Vincent Bianchi... and he'll never work for us. Well, why not? When he worked with Alex, they got in this huge blowup. He thought Alex was a fraud. Alex thought he was some temperamental artiste. He vowed never to work for Meade Publications again. But, Daniel, you're not Alex. Look, if my brother the wunderkind couldn't make it work, I seriously doubt I'd be able to... Look, let's just, uh, see who else is here, huh? Tweedledee and Tweedledumpy have been in there for two hours going over back issues of "Hudson." Now... he's trying to actually rip off his own dead brother. Oh, my god, it couldn't be any easier if I gave him the gun, and he aimed it at his foot. The police released Fey Sommers' car to a scrape metal yard a week ago. How come it's taking you so long to find out where it is? Location info is private, and there's over 142 salvage yards in the Tristate area alone. Why don't you just go back to your big building and make magazines, and let me do what I do? Well, you better do what you do quickly. The grease monkeys in these garages can't spell their own names, but it won't take much for them to figure out the steering was tampered with. And I don't care how good you think your work is. What are we drinking to? To a father who realizes his child will never compare to the one he lost and to a son who knows he'll never measure up, no matter how hard he tries. It's practically shakespearean. As long as there's this wedge between the two of them, their relationship is doomed. Daniel's time at the magazine-- and ultimately, the company-- will be limited. Well, perhaps it's time I drive that wedge a little deeper. What would Daniel think if he were tipped off as to what his dear old father were capable of? Hey, what if we shrink the magazine down so women can fit it in their purses easier? See, now Alex would've made that. He should be the one here doing this, not me. At least my father would be happier. If your father didn't think you could do this job, then why would he give it to you? Is this... kung pao chicken or--or orange beef? Well, after five hours, Daniel, I-I don't really think it matters. You know what next saturday is? The Harvard/Yale game. Biggest college football game of the year. You want me to try and get you tickets? You know, every year since we were kids, my father would take Alex to that game. It was their--their thing. He never once invited me. You know, I actually thought after Alex died, he was gonna ask me to go, but... It's okay. I'm used to it. Every parent has a favorite, right? Well, you know, my dad doesn't. Sure, he does. I mean, they all do. Sometimes it's, uh, something small, but you can see it, you know? They, uh, smile a little brighter when one of you walks in the room... laugh a little louder when one of you tells a joke. Good morning! Justin, you are not gonna make me late today! What time did you get in last night? I don't even remember. Daniel's going through a bunch of stuff with his father... Justin! What? Hilda, do you ever think about dad and us and, you know, if he has a favorite? Yeah, I think so. - You. - You. Come  on, you're right up there between Tito Puente and his nose hair clippers. I am gonna kill that kid. Morning, papi. You didn't get in till 3:00 last night. Why they keeping so late? Well, my boss is trying to make some changes at the magazine, and I still have to go through these photographers' books. Well, they're working you too hard. You tell 'em you want a raise. Okay, dad. Vincent Bianchi? Yeah, he's really amazing. So he ended up making it as a photographer, huh? Damn, I always thought that kid would end up in jail. What are you talking about? Vinnie Bianchi-- he grew up over on Grand. His family owns Astoria Lemon Ice. He grew up four blocks from here?! Yeah, his old man's always going on about his kid's pictures. He's got a bunch of 'em hanging up on the wall in there. Dad, I have to go. Um, I love you. I love you, too. Put down the coffee! Hello? Hey, someone! Someone get that! Anybody else work here? Bianchi gallery. Hi, um, I'm not sure if you can help me, but I'm trying to reach Vincent Bianchi. - You got him. - Oh, um, okay. Wow, I wasn't expecting this. Um... I thought I was gonna have to leave a message. You wanna call back? I could let the machine pick up. No! No, no. Um, no. Okay, um, Mr. Bianchi, I am a really big fan of you. That cover shoot you did for "Rolling Stone"-- wow, that was amazing. Oh, thank you. You have excellent taste. How can I help you? Well, actually, I'm calling about your availability for a magazine shoot. Um, you gotta go through my rep for that--Sheila Cordova. She handles me for print work, okay? You know, you and I--we went to the same high school. Huh? Queensborough High, right? Class of '93? - Do I know you? - No. No, no. We didn't go at the same time. Actually, my name is Betty Suarez--class of 2002-- but it turns out that you and me--we grew up, like, four blocks from each other. I live off of Roosevelt. You're a Jackson Heights girl, huh? You don't say. And I practically live at Astoria Lemon Ice. You know that doughnut place two blocks down? That's where I grew up. I-I worked there every summer in high school, and it burnt down. Now it's a deli. It's a pretty good one, but... Not as good as Sal's, though, huh? On 87th? Oh, my gosh, like, the best sausage and pepper hero on the eastern seaboard. Mmm, yeah, just the smell of those things would get me high. I haven't thought about those in a long time. So, Betty Suarez, okay, you got me hungry... and curious. What is this job you wanted to talk to me about? Well, I work at "Mode" magazine, and my boss, Daniel Meade, was wondering-- Hello? The senator will be picking me up here for the luncheon on monday. Before then, I want my commendations framed and hung-- avanti-classical gold with a white matte. White matte. Put the clio and the women in publishing on the credenza. Call phillip. Order two dozen cherry black calla lilies for the coffee table. Those are his favorites. Marc! # ¿Por qué me dijiste # # Que tú me amaba # # ¿Por qué me dejaste triste... # # ¿Por qué me dijiste # # Que tú me amaba? # #¿Por qué me dejaste triste y abandonada? # - Bradford Meade. - I found it-- Bayonne Salvage Yard. Did you get rid of it? That's not gonna be as easy as I thought. Why not? Open your e-mail. I sent you a little present. "You can own fashion guru Fey Sommers' death car." A sick punk's selling it to the highest bidder. See, I'm trying to get the magazine to attract a hipper, more fashion-conscious woman. So they were out of poppy seed. I got you onion. Okay, you're at the newsstand, 500 covers in front of you... which one of these grabs you? Bathing suit. It's fresher. Definitely, and neon is in. I really like the gown. It's very Cinderella. Yeah, listen, could you get some cream cheese for that? So... I'm  trying to get this font. I was trying to go for something cool and sexy. Daniel Meade. Who's calling? Betty? Vincent Bianchi's on line three... for you. Really? Hello? Oh, you did. I'm so glad. Well, you know, I just-- I thought that it was probably a while since you've gotten down to Sal's, so... Are you serious? Oh, my god, that would be so wonderful, Mr. Bianchi. Okay, Vincent. Oh, yeah, yeah, that was--that was my boss who picked up. Hold on. He said he loved the sausage and pepper heroes that I sent him. He thought I had cojones. I'll explain later. Just go pick up the phone. Well... I don't really know what you did, or how sausage and peppers helped, but... thank you, and we're having lunch on monday. Well, would you like me to set up a reservation? Yeah, um, actually, see if you can get us a table at Madison Six. And, uh, make it for three. He asked that you come along. What? Wait, wait, wait, he asked for me? Oh, and, uh, maybe we could both... dress up a little on monday? I think he meant natural fibers, sweetie. Come on, Christina, there's gotta be something. A sweater or a jacket? I can't walk in there looking like me. You look fine. But you're not Vincent Bianchi. He's expecting one of these "28th floor girls." And since when did you want to look like one of them? They're not even real! Real women snort when they laugh, they've got fat asses, wobbly upper arms and get P.M.S. I thought you wanted to run a magazine someday, not spend 12 hours a day wondering about what your hair's doing. Yeah, but this job is the only chance I have of ever getting there. I was in Daniel's office earlier, and he wanted the opinion of a "Mode" girl. He didn't look at me. So you honestly think that I have any future here if I don't at least try to change? Never mind. Betty, what are you doing? What's going on? I work in an office full of glamazon women who are all 6 feet tall and perfectly waxed. That's what's going on. "Glamazon"? Never mind. Hey, come here. Since when does that kind of stuff get to you? Hey. Amor, you are so beautiful. Dad, stop. Please don't even try that. - And you have such a big heart-- - And stop it with the "big heart." The speech didn't work when I was cast as a rock in the school play, or when I was sitting at home with you and mom on prom night, and it's not gonna work now, so... Betty, you'll always be my special girl. You know that. Just so you know, you were a really terrific rock. Dad, don't forget to take your pill. Okay. See? Shut up. Just help me. She has a 2:00 with Choli. I have a 2:00 with Jean-Luc. Mama! Choli... So what are we thinking today? Something befitting an editor in chief. No... you get the job? Soon. Very soon. So do you think you could really make me look like this? Honey, you sit back and relax and let Choli do her thing. We gon' need the big tweezers. Thank you. Perfect. Are you sure I look like this? Baby, you look better. # Ladies up in here tonight # # No fightin' # # We got the refugees in here # # No fightin' # # No fightin' # # Shakira, Shakira # # I never really knew that she could dance like this # # She make a man want to sing spanish # # ¿Cómo se llama? # # Sí # # Bonita # # Sí # # Mi casa, su casa # # Shakira, Shakira... # Betty? Dude, how could you have broken up with her? She--she's hot. Me? Really? Thank you! # All the attraction, the tension # # Don't you see, baby, this is perfection? # # Hey, girl, I can see your body moving # # And it's driving me crazy # # And I didn't have the slightest idea... # Penthouse, please. Yes, sir. Oh, Mr. Meade! Hi. How are you? I'm Betty, Daniel's assistant. Oh, yeah, yeah. You look... taller. Thank you. # Reading the signs of my body # # And I'm on tonight # # You know my hips don't lie # # And I am starting to feel you boy # Excuse me. I'm going to have to call you right back. # Oh I know I am on tonight # # My hips don't lie # # And I'm starting to feel it's right # Betty? Oh, ho. I think I just found my new screen saver. Daniel Meade's office. Excuse me. Who's calling? Um, just one second. Yep? Daniel, there's a woman on line two who won't tell me her name, but she says she wants to talk to you about your father. Oh, just get rid of her. No. Uh, wait. Daniel Meade here. Hello, Daniel. I just finished your first issue. You should be very pleased. Who is this? Oh, that's not important right now. The real question is, how well do you know your father? Excuse me? Do yourself a favor. Ask him what he's been up to at the Bayonne Salvage Yard. What the hell is that supp--whoa. Look at you. Yep. You told me to dress up for our lunch today. Yeah, and dress up you did. Yeah. Um, you know what? I was thinking maybe we should call Madison Six, see if they have a table in the back, just so we can have a little privacy with Bianchi. - Okay. - Great. Have you seen her yet? Yes, I did, and it looks as if Queens threw up. He should be quite impressed. Ooh! Someone got their hair did. So I'm pitching we go for an entire redesign. Splashier colors, bolder looks... overhaul the entire layout. It can be a whole new "Mode." Stop using, you know, the same old models. Get cutting-edge photographers, more interesting writers. I mean, do we really need another editorial on eating disorders? Now... I happen, uh, to be having lunch today - with Vincent Bianchi to discuss-- - Vincent Bianchi? You expect him to do a spread for "Mode"? You know his history with the company. Your brother couldn't work with him. Why do you even try? Because he's one of the best, and I think I can persuade him to consider it. Daniel, I for one, think it's wonderful you've taken such initiative at the magazine, but some of these changes you're suggesting... uh, let me put it this way. Uh, sometimes change is a positive thing, and then sometimes, well, they can spin out of control. You start with a simple redesign, and all of a sudden, before you know it, you're talking about bold new colors and a daring new look, and the truth is, you haven't really improved on a thing. - Wilhelmina-- - I'm just saying, change isn't always for the better. In some cases, it can make a bad situation even worse. This is the ladies room. I wanted to make sure you were okay. It's just another day at "Mode." You can't listen to a thing Wilhelmina says. - She's a jerk. - No, Daniel. I'm the jerk. Thinking that fake nails and a new hairdo could actually make a difference on someone like me. Okay. Yeah, look... um... I-I don't know what I'm supposed to tell you. This is the way this place works. It is a fashion magazine. Appearance-- it means something here. I know. Listen, I know you're going to feel a whole lot better after our lunch. You can order anything you want. No, I'm not going. What? No, no. You have to go. Betty, Bianchi wants to meet you. You're the whole reason this lunch is even happening. Daniel, he doesn't even know who I am. Just take Amanda. It's like you said--appearance means something. She'll fit right in at Madison Six. Betty, come on. Daniel, just go. You're gonna be late. And don't forget the proposal. About time. How long does it take to put on makeup? Well, I also had to fix my hair. Thought you were Amanda. I didn't know you'd be joining us. Afraid I might botch things up with Bianchi if I were on my own? Let's just say that I had a sudden craving for the quail at Madison Six. Okay. Betty Suarez is here. Shall we? He called. He's running late to pick you up. Well, a senator's life can never be called his own. Be sure to meet him downstairs to escort him up. Vincent. Daniel Meade. Sorry we're late. Ah, no problem. Just killing time, trying to figure out what these five forks are for. Bradford Meade. I remember you, yeah. And this is Betty Suarez. Ho-la. The quail here is excellent. Quail! Could you hear 'em in the old neighborhood, if they saw us in a place like this? Oh... carbs. No. But, uh, who cares about carbs when you're from Queens, right? Excuse me. I'm going to need a very large glass of wine, please. Is this color peach or salmon? Marc! Marc, will you cover my phones for me, please? - Daniel forgot the proposal-- - Oh, I'll bring it to the restaurant. No, I'll take it to him. It's my job. Oh, come on. They won't even let you past the host at Madison Six. Ah-ah. Just let me. I got it. Marc, give it to me! I can't hit your boss, but I can hit you. And everybody knows I'm from Queens, so I will do it! Thank you. So none of the girls looked like you when I went to Queensborough High. Hey, does Mrs. Rodriguez still teach there? I'm gonna say... she died. So you're still just a creative director? Yes, daddy. Shall we? So, uh, we feel this holiday issue is our chance to try something really out there for our feature spread. 4-page pullout. You would have total carte blanche, of course. So what does your old man do, anyway? Investment banker. Your father's an investment banker... Betty? Oh. I mean, yeah. That was always his dream. You know, if he ever made it out of the Bare-Rio. What? - Okay, that it's it. It's over. - Daniel... Look, I can't keep doing this, dad. I'm sorry, Mr. Bianchi. Are you ready to hear the specials? Actually, could you hold off on the specials? I'm about to blow a very, uh, big deal here. Mr. Bianchi... this is not Betty Suarez. Hmm? No kidding. Come on. Give me some credit. This girl's never been within 10 feet of a sausage and pepper hero in her life. He is so right. So where's the girl I talked to on the phone? She didn't want to come, and it's my fault. And she was looking forward to meeting you very much. But because we're all caught up with some stupid image, I made her feel insecure about fitting into a place like this. He's my boss. I just need to--I need to take him the envelope. He's right there. It's just 10 feet in. I can't imagine why you thought she wouldn't fit in. Look, here he comes. He'll tell you. I'm so sorry, Mr. Meade. She says that she's with you. She is. Look, sir. You just--you forgot the layout proposal. There's someone I want you to meet. Come here. Now this must be Betty Suarez. Mr. Bianchi. Hi. It's really an honor. Really. Look, Mr. Bianchi, between your fight with my brother and what we just tried to pull off here, I'm sure there isn't a reason in hell you'd want to work with us, but I gotta say, I-- I think it'd be a great opportunity for both of us. You would have free rein to call your own shots. I give you my word. Actually, I give you Betty's word. She's the only one who's been straight with you so far. You know, you're nothing like your brother. No. I'm not. I'm not Alex. I'll leave you with the proposal. Mr. Bianchi. Here you go. Thanks. Excuse me. Could I get a matchbook, please? My nephew is never gonna believe this. Awesome. Thanks. I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I should have insisted you come to lunch with me today. Well, Daniel, I'm sorry that I backed down. I mean, I should not have let Wilhelmina get to me like that. Look, fake nails or not, you came through for us, Betty. Bianchi was only there because of you. I guess you really do have cojones, huh? So I'm going to go. - He's doing it. - We got him? We got him. His one stipulation is that he answers only to you and to no other "blowhards." Okay. Betty, uh, please send an e-mail to all creative. "Vincent Bianchi will be shooting our december feature spread." Shut up! Right away, sir. Congratulations. Thank you. Dad, I got a weird call from some woman. She said to ask you about Bayonne scrape yard. Mean anything? I haven't the foggiest. Must be some kind of crank. I've never even been to Bayonne. Vincent Bianchi will be shooting december? He got him? Damn! Hey, look who's home in time for dinner. What happened to your makeup and your nails? It was kind a long day. They didn't fire you, did they? 'Cause I'll go down there. No, dad, they didn't fire me. In fact, because of me, we landed Vincent Bianchi for a big magazine shoot. That's a big deal? I could've gotten you that kid. Yes, dad, it's kind of a big deal. It's a really big deal. Well, in that case... I'm very proud of you. Thank you. And you know what? If it wasn't for Hilda's makeover, none of it would have even happened. Hey, how about that? Ah, my two girls. Betty, it's all set up. Where you going? We're about to eat. Hilda, this is one club they can't keep me out of. # Dance revolution # # Keep ya body movin' # # Now first things first # # Ain't no time to rehearse # # Put your back foot forward # # Now switch your tail in reverse # # Slide to the side # # But you gots to do it right # # I see you thinkin' " # that you on it # # Wigglin' and twigglin'... # # Work it, twerk it, # # exercise adrenaline # # Thuggie D. # # and C-4 got the solution #