up a facebook page? Everyone at Y.E.T.I.Is on it. I'm trying to get a photo up before today's class. Tina brown is speaking. can you get her to sign my "diana chronicles"? - Yeah. - Ooh,is that worth something? Because if we sell it,maybe we can redecorate. Some customers came in,said the place was looking raggedy. Don't even joke about my "dichron. " And they were talking about grandpa. Ay,with the robe and the moping. Yod think elena had been gone for a month. So I'm a little down. Elena's away.Let me feel the pain. Papi... she has been in california for three days. Oh,I miss her. Finally I understand what country music's all about. Dad,you haven't been in a relationship in a long time. You'll have to get used to the ups and downs again. Hi,daniel. Oh,betty,I'm really sick. I think I'm dying. You always think you're dying when you're sick. ,But this time I really am. I'm all stuffed up,my heart is racing... well,do you want me to call a doctor? please.It just hurts to dial. and do you want me to set up a room at the amsterdam? I'm already there. Oh,they brought me cookies. Daniel likes to check into a fancy hotel when he's feeling sick. okay,I will send the doctor to you. Daniel,you are going to be okay. I'll call you from the office. Thanks,betty. sounds like somebody's a big baby. He just likes to be taken care of when he's feeling lousy. It must be nice to be rich. oh,my god,the baby. connor.Connor.Connor! You looked so peaceful,so I thought I'd bring william in here and let you sleep in. Sorry. Maternal instincts. I suddenly had the urge to strangle someone to protect him. Why don't you go back to bed? I got breakfast from payard. What did I do to deserve this? I wish I could jusno work,no one else,just... you and me and the baby. Well,better yet,what if we ran away somewhere distant and exotic, where no one could find us? Well,that would be fabulous. If only those morons we work with could get anything right, then we wouldn't have to go in to work at all. good morning,amanda. Betty,wait. What? I need to know that you know what you're wearing. There you are.We're gonna be late for Y.E.T.I. Come on. - Marc,we've got,like-- 27 minutes and 15 seconds. 14... 13... chop,chop,slowpoke-ahontas. I need to be on the street right now... hearing you gasp for breath behind me. Ooh,molly,hey. Did you get your leak fixed? - Leak? - Your apartment. Daniel told me that you had a lk Yeah,it's fine.Totally fixed. Actually,is daniel in his office?I sorta need to talk to him. No,he's out sick. You know how he gets.He doesn't really like people to see him-- he's at the amsterdam under the name "mr.Sickington." Give our love to pasty-face! Hey,marc,daniel's sick name is supposed to be a secret. Really? I am not missing tina brown. I am afraid you're all going to miss ti brown. She had to cancel. I'll be honest. Last night,there was some drinking. Some things were said. Somebody's husband may or may not have grabbed somebody's boob. But it's you people who suffer. Wow,that really sucks. Tina was going to talk to us about how the economics in the business are changing. So with that topic in mind,I have arranged a special surprise guest. Do you know who it is? I don't know,but let us pray. Graydon carter,david remnick,anna wintour... stanley mudge! - who is he?Is he famous? - No.And he's old. Stanley was the head of accounting at hearst until 1985. He's here to talk to you about...  budgets! Kill me now. thank you,stanley. You make amortization... sexy. Okay,homework. I want all of you to get copies of your magazine's issue budgets for this year. I've already e-mailed each of your bosses and okayed it. Learn those budgets backwards and forwards,because next class, I want each one of you to do a presentation on them. Okay.That's it,go. - hey,pretty girl... - oh,so today I don't look like dora the explorer? Did I say that? that's funny. What do you want? Well,I was thinking,since we both work at the same magazine,how about this? I'll let you do the fun-fun numbers stuff,while I'll do the heavy lifting and come up with a colorful haout,put both of our names on it. What do you think? Marc,I'm not great at numbers,either, so why don't we just take this as an opportunity to help each other? Fine.But you gotta carry your own weight,suarez. That's it?You're not gonna make a fat joke? we're progressing! And it was right there.Oh,well,next time. Hey,just happened to overhear that you are not very good at numbers,and I sort of have an M.B.A. Wow,matt,you have an M.B.A? Also half a law degree. And I almost became a large animal vet. It's a long story,but,um,anyway,I was thinking maybe we could go out,grab a drink and talk budgets? Smooth. Oh,that's so sweet.You know what?I think we're gonna be okay on this one. Thank you,though. betty suarez,you saucy minx. What are you talking about? I'm talking about tall,dork and handsome back there asking you out on a date. Oh,no,he was just offering to help us with our budget homework. - It wasn't anything. - Are you serious? It was like two of those weird show dogs trying to mate, and it's all wrong,like a greyhound and a chihuahua. - The poor chihuahua's-- okay,okay,I get the point!Thank you. So what if it was a date? well,so what if it was a date?well,do you like him? Well,I don't know.I mean,he's cute,and he's nice and all. Oh,give him a shot at love,tila tequila! Yeah,but what if it didn't work out?Then I'd have to see him,like,all the time. Speaking of which,is it gonna be weird for you going down to accounting? - No,why would it be weird?- Because it's where henry,your former lov-ah,worked. Okay,ew to the word   "lov-ah," and you're being ridiculous,marc. I'm totally over henry grubstick. Wow,it sure takes a while to get rid of cubicle nameplates,not that imatters to me. I mean,it's got nothing to do with me. Uh,so,jenny,let's talk budgets. Actually,funny you should bring up henry's old cubicle. He was really the best at budgets. He was,wasn't he? Uh,yeah,I remember that.So,uh,budgets-- hey,has anyone heard from good ol' budget-making henry? Well,yeah,all the time. He's on facebook. He is? Sorry,you probably remember. Betty's henry's ex.She's a little obsess-Y. I'm not obsess-Y. - Is this fun for you? - A little. Oh,if it helps,it seems like henry's really happy. He posted all these awesome pictures of him and his girlfriend in peru. Charlie. No,I think this girl's named samantha. I just can't believe henry's already in a serious relationship. Aunt betty,you had a crush on your emo neighbor guy. I know,I know,you're rig. You're right. It'sust my crush was a crush.It wasn't a trip to peru. Well,people move on. You',ightjustin,you're right. Okay,maybe it was a little hard for me to go down to accounting, but... I mean,I haven't even thought about him in,like,months, so why this is bothering me... I don't know. You know what I do when I can't get my mind off of something or someone? What? I channel it into a project. Hello?You think I really care about macram? okay,bad example,'cause I love macram? But you get the idea. Try these budgets. you all right,betty?You seem a little jittery. Oh,I just had a little bit of coffee and an energy drink called viper strike. Have you seen those ads?"The drink that bites back! Viper strike! "  uh,have you tried tea? Are you--are you shopping for jewelry? No. daniel,is that for molly? Maybe. That looks kinda serious. Okay,betty,I'm dying. I'm sure you didn't come over here to talk about jewelry and viper strike. No. No,no,no,no.Okay,sorry. Look,I was up all night looking at the "mode" budgets for Y.E.T.I. And kinda trying to keep my mind off henry and his girlfriend and facebook and-- what are you talking about? Never mind,and it's a long story.Anyway, I was trying to add up the quarterly budgets,and it kept coming up short. Like,by millions. I'm sure there's a logical explanation.We're always moving money from one magazine to another. I-I don't know,daniel.It's just weird. okay,betty. My doctor tolde to avoid stres  if you really think there's a problem,talk to wilhelmina or connor. He's our C.F.O. If there are any money problems,I'm sure he can fix them. So you can understand why I was a little worried. Absolutely,betty.Look,it's accounting 101. Corporations always move money from one division to another. And meade is a very large corporation. Uh... okay. - It just seems like a lot of money to-- as amusing as I find this conversation-- why am I being polite?It's not amusing. Leave. Darling,this isn't anything we should be concerned with,is it? Absolutely not.It's nothing. Oh,we're so lucky to have you. Yeah,hi.Account number 7-6-4-6-7.Pass code "sydney. " I'm calling about some money transfers from meade publications. Looks like I might have to make my next transfer ahead of schedule. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: YTET-  °îµÂÖí</font> ugly betty Season 3 Episode 16</font> What do you mean you didn't finish your homework?I did. And I managed to sneak into the soho house with my friend's membership. Why?Because... daniel craig does not just stalk himself. Well,I started looking at the budgets,and then I got distracted. Oh,you got bored,huh? I'm bored. Oh,I know.Let's talk about who I slept t  las night. You guys will never guess. What's up,amanda? It was him. - vanilla. - I know. Look,marc,I really did want to finish the assignment, but then I noticed that there was something really weird about the numbers. Really?Something that was overlooked by all of the accountants whose actual job it is to find weird things? Well,I don't know.It just-- it seemed serious at the time. And I e-mailed a couple people at other magazines-- oh... I see where this is going. Yesterday in accounting,I thought it would be funny to tease betty about henry having a new girlfriend... but clearly,it struck a nerve. Henry has a new G.F.?O.M.G.! No,amanda,I'm fine. Look,okay,maybe it surprised me. - But I'm totally-- over henry? Nuh-unh.She got upset that henry posted vacation photos with his girlfriend on facebook. I know. Can you talk to me,please? you know what you need to do?Take all of your dirty photos of him and post them yourself. I don't have pictures like that. Of course you don'T. but seriously,betty,there's an easy remedy. Just find someone new yourself. What,you actually think that would work? Betty,there is a whole world out there of goofy,awkward and mumbly guys just waiting to love you. Hey,how about that skinny thing from class who's trying to have your puppies? - call him. - Yeah. hello? Hi,matt.It's betty. Oh,uh,hi,betty,How are things? Good,great. Good,uh,I--I'm still doing my Y.E.T.I.Assignment and I'm- betty. I just wanted to say thanks for that budget uff before. I know it wasn't anything,but I appreciate your moxie. Uh,yeah,of course.Glad to help. hello? I'm so sorry about that,matt. - I was just wondering if I could ask you--  oh,betty! almost forgot.I need you to sign these for daniel. - Got it. - Thanks. - hello,betty. - Do you wanna go get a drink? - Yeah,I would-- I would love to.Um... oh,good. Forgot my pen. molly!Oh,no,no.I don't want you to see me like this. I'm just--I'm miserable and-- and I don't want to get you sick. I have soup. Okay. All right. Actually,daniel,I was hoping we could talk. all right,but I'm all stuffed up. I can barely breathe.My head is killing me.I really think I'm dying. - You're not dying. - I have this weird rash. It won't go away.It really itches. Look,I have something serious to talk to you about. it's about us. Hang on a second.I'm sorry. my ear hasn't popped yet. I just wanted to,um... sorry. You obviously need to get better,and I'm not helping,so I'm just gonna let you rest, and we can talk about this some other time. Okay. wha--wait,wait. thanks for the soup! don't be ridiculous.Of course I'm happy. Why would you ask me such a thing? Because of what you said yesterday,about living in that moment-- "just you,me and the baby. That was a nice moment. Well,what if-- what if we went somewhere far away where we could live that moment all the time, would you consider that? Absolutely. Uh,as soon as I put the june issue to bed,um,we'll go on a long weekend. - What about london? - No,willie,I mean for real. That's--what are you talking abt? I've got gaultier on the line,and he's all in a lather. About what? who knows?He's french,he's gay,anything could set her off. Connor,I gotta take this. Of course. Bonjour,jean paul. All right,stop crying. No,no,that doesn't sound crazy at all. Those quarterly budget numbers-- they should add up. Well,that's good,'cause that's exactly what I thought. I e-mailed some buddies at a couple magazines ju to double-check. Well,I'll bet they'll tell you what I just did. Oh,yes,that's right,I forgotyou have an M.B.A. - I do. - And half a law degree. And what's the other one? - Uh,I almost became a vet. - Big animals. Well,it's nice to see that you were listening. I listen. Oh,okay,okay,then what is-- what's my favorite movie? Um... wait,is that a trick question? If you would've said something,I would've remembered. But if I had to guess,I would say... "godfather"? Okay.That's spooky. Did I get it? No.You just seemed so excited. It's actually "wall-E. " I love "wall-E. " eve-ah. wall-e! E-mail.Someone probably answering my budget questions. ********* so what did they say? Uh,not about budgets. Is everything okay? have you ever found out that an ex is dating someone new? Oh,yeah.That-- that's the worst. Happened to me when angelina started dating brad. Yeah,and I got dumped for J.Lo. Uh,no,I'm--I'm,uh,talking about angelina bromberg and brad fletcher. Well,I sort of just found out that this guy I was... you don't want to hear about this. no,no,please. Tell me. All right,well... his name is henry. And then to make it worse,he just tried to "friend" me? I don't--I don't know why this bothers me,anyway. I'm gonna shut up.I've been talking forever. I'm not gonna say anything else. Is it just me,or is it,like,freezing in here? Oh,here,here,give me your hands. Better? Hey,matt,you know what?I should probably get going. It's getting a little late for me. it's been fun.Thanks a lot. Uh,uh,wait,betty,I have to ask you something. Matt,I like you,and you're a nice guy,but we're in class together, and it could get complicated,and I don't even know what I want right now. Okay,this is kind of embarrsing,especially since you just kinda confessed a lot, but... I sort of forgot my wallet. what? ********** We're not going to do anything with this money. It was a mistake,hilda. I'm just saying,mama could use a couple new pairs of shoes,a new hair dryer,maybe some rings. Maybe a new nickname that's not "mama"? Mama doesn't like your attitude. This is crazy. Of course she has to give back the money. We don't even know who it belongs to. Well,the bank told me it came from meade. So I'll just go to work tomorrow,I'll figure out what happened,and they'll fix it. There you go.Yeah,and then on the way,maybe you stop at 5th avenue a couple of times. Okay,I'll stop. Well,look on the bright side. At least it was a memorable date. Oh,why did you have to say "date"? Now I'm thinking date. I was supposed to lend him money. That's why I went to the atm in the first place. I forgot to go back. He asked you for money,and you ditched him? Sounds like the kind of date I used to have. Oh,gah,I never should've gone out with him.Now I have to see him in class. Well,you know what I always say-- don'T... you know,where you... you know. Elegant,mom. What?I'm just saying,after video store larry and the subway booth guy,I learned my lesson. you're right.I'm just-- I'm gonna apologize and tell him it was a big mistake. Voice mail. Hi,henry,it's betty.I mean,matt,it's henry. Uh,matt,it is betty. This isn't starting out so well. Hey,betty,a cute-ish boy is here to see you. is he the one you're trying to sleep with to get over the other one? Um,I'm right here. I know. Um,first of all,please don't listen to anything she says. She's crazy. And second of all,matt,I'm so sorry that I didn't come back. - There was this problem with my bank account-- it worked out okay,actually. They started me a tab,and,you know,I've always wanted to be a regular at a bar. So look,anyway,I just came b to say that I'm sorry. For what?I don't know.For--for pushing you to go out with me. I mean,you're obviously still hung up on this other guy. No,I'm not hung up on henry. Well,you talked about him for,like,a half-hour. Well,that's because you asked me to. Look,it's over. That's done. We're both at Y.E.T.I. And we work in the same business, and that could just get complicated.It did with henry. - It might,but it also might be great.- Matt-- oh,betty,look,okay,my mother and my father-- they got married when they were pretty young. They didn't have much in common except me,and now they're divorced,and they hate ch other. the way I see it,two people work in the same business,maybe it's 'cause they share the same passion. I think that's a good thing. If you,uh,change your mind,you can find me at 1 oak. Guess I'm a regular now. this is weird. I don't know why that money would've been moved like that. Well,can't you just check who authorized it? Uh,let's see. looks like it was... "B.Suarez." What?No.No,no,I'm B.Suarez,and I can't authorize that sort of thing. I don't know what to tell you. Your name's all over this. Uh... so how was the date? I want details.And by "details," I mean very few details. - I just ate.- Well,it went-- so let me get to my real point-- did you finish our assignment last night? No.Marc,something happened that distracted me. Did he... touch you? No. Marc... I found $100,000 in my bank account. - I don't know where it came from. - What? And accounting just told me that I'm the one who authorized it? I don't understand. I think I could be in some serious trouble here. For what earthly reason would someone put that much money into your bank account? I don't know. Connor,I need to talk to you. Something very weird is going on. what do you mean? I mean someone transferred $100,000 into my bank account from meade. Well,this is very serious,betty. I know.Why would they do that? The truth is,I heard about the transfer,and I know you authorized it.I saw your name. No,but I-I didn't authorize it. I grew up poor,betty.I get it. Your father's sick.You had to move home to help with the bills. No,I'm telling you that i didn't take it.You have to believe me. Oh,I believe you. But the people who'll investigate this sort of thing-- that's just the way they're gonna see it,I'm afraid. Did you put the money in there? don't worry.I'm not gonna hurt you. I didn't think you were until you said,"I'm not gonna hurt you. " See,betty,the thing is,I don't see why anyone has to know about anyone stealing from the company. You've been... stealing... you did this because of what I found in the budgets,didn't you? Oh,you couldn't just drop it,could you? No.You had to e-mail your friends ,ask them if they thought what was going on at meade seemed suspicious. How do you know about that? I know a lot of things. I've been watching you,betty suarez. Now the way I see it,if you keep quiet about this,well, there's no reason why anyone should know about the money in your account,either. Well,you don't know me very well if you think I would take your bribe. Oh,but do you remember those papers I gave you for daniel to sign? The transfer to your account was linked to daniel,as well. Hey,look,it's very complicated,but basically you'd both go to jail. Actually,that's not that complicated. Well,no one's gonna believe that daniel is stealing from his own company. Charles keating,bernie madoff? Daniel certainly wouldn't be the first. Why are you doing this? I have my reasons. And remember,if you're thinking about telling anyone else, there are a lot more people you care about than just daniel meade. And I can ruin any of their lives with a couple of keystrokes. I'm glad we could have this chat,betty. You want some privacy,huh? Wilhelmina,I have to tell you something. It'S... bad. Very bad? Does someone need a spanking? Willie,I'm serious. I'm stealing from the company. what?Is it a joke? No.No joke. I'm taking the money,I'm leaving the country,and I want you and the baby to come with me. Say something. well,uh,what am  supposed to say? Yesterday,you were gonna take me on a trip.Today,you're telling me you're a thief. - Willie-- connor,what else have you lied to me about? Okay,look,just let me explain. I think you better explain. All right. Being nice to the daniel meades of the world has served me well. But I've had to hide how I really feel. And how do you reay feel? I hate the selfish son of a bitch. Always have.I thought I could get over it to work here. And then he took from me. What,he took from you? Are you still hung up on that-- that kindergarten teacher of yours? Look,it started with that,yeah. And that's supposed to gain my sympathy? Willie,I don't love her.I hate daniel. When I found out about them,I came up with a plan to-- to steal everything from that selfish brat,ruin him. You're talking about stealing from meade. I own half of meade! Your baby owns half of meade. And what,you think daniel wouldn't take that from you in a second if he could? Now you've wanted this company since the moment you got here. Now I'm telling you that I found a way to take all of their money, and I want to gi it to you... because I love you,wilhelmina. We have an opportunityere. We can work for these people for the rest of our lives,or we can have a future together... just you and me and the baby. I... I don't know what to say. Say you'll come with me. I've chartered a private jet. Tonight... I want you to be on it. Just promise me you'll consider it. All right? we need to talk. This is crazy. I cannot believe connor would do this to us. yeah,and if we go to the police,he's made it so that we'll both be implicated. Yeah,but we've got to tell someone. I don't know,daniel. Connor knew about the e-mails I had sent. He sort of threatened my family. It was all kinda creepy. You know,he's just trying to buy some time. I'm sure he just wants to take the money and run. So what are you saying?We should go to the police? I don't know.I've never been embezzled from before. I don't know who we can trust here. Well,there's people who deal with this sort of stuff,right? you know what?I'm too sick to think. Call my mom,tell her we gotta meet and come up with a plan. Willie,you're so mysterious. "Grab all my things,bring them to my apartment. Buy yourself a prada belt. " I threw that last one in to see if you were listening. Yes,yes,put it down there,please. And you're not,which means I can now admit that I bought the belt. Marc,ever consider giving everything up? Every ti I step on the scale. willie,what's going on? connor is robbing the company. He's leaving the country,and he asked me to go with him. you're not joking. No,I'm not,and I'm considering it. You're what? Marc,I love him. - That may be,willie,but,seriously,"mode" is your life. - I know. Not to mention,there arr peotheople who have put a lot into your successes. I have never felt like this with anyone. I've never had this in my life before. Then again,let's not forget about the other people. What if this is my only chance at love? Okay,I'm obviously bein I'm talking about me. Me,willie,how could you leave me? If you had the chance to have all the money you ever needed, be with the person you loved for the rest of your life,would you do it? I don't know. Willie,as your friend,I don't know what to tell you. I checked with security. No one's seen connor for hours.Or wilhelmina. What,you think she's in on n this? I did see connor with wilhelmina right after he talked to me. Well,daniel,are you really surprised? I don't know.I just thought... she owns half the company,so... - maybe half isn't enough for her. - Yeah. Let's,uh,go into your office.I've got some more bad news. - What is it? - Let's  into your office. Mom,what? As of noon today,all of the meade accounts have beetotally cleared out. And there's nothing left. what's going on in there,anyway? it's kinda serious,amanda. oh,my god... is pink back? No,wait,no wait,don't tell me. I don't think I can handle it. Is everything... gone? Yes. I had no idea she would do something like this. I thought she loved "mode" more than anything. I gave her everything,betty. Marc,where's wilhelmina? 'Cause if you know where she is,then we can just stop this. you didn't get this from me. What is this? That's where she's meeting nnor. If you hurry,you can still stop her. oh,good god. What do you clowns think you're doing? Stopping you,wilhelmina. Where's your baby? Oh,she wouldn't bring her baby. She only needed that child so she could get her hands on the meade fortune. You're all idiots. You're gonna ruin everything. I thought we agreed not to call the police. I didn't call them. I did. You don't know me at all. sorry I'm not there,darling. I,uh,I thought you might change your mind,so I took an earlier flight. connor,I... so you chose your career,huh? - I'm sorry. - So am I. I wish you'd chosen differently,I really do. I still love you. Coffee? I can't imagine what you must be going through. I don't need your sympathy. No,I know. But you loved him. He asked me to choose-- him or my career. I've spent my entire life building my career. In life,you have to make choices. You can't have it all. Well,I don't know if I believe that.I... you are young,betty... but you are a career girl just like me. You'll see. okay... go,go. Justin,everyone in L.A. Is wearing these. Open it,open it. I am a big fan... of "bryant." He's the best. okay,hilda,for you ooh! Thank you. a tracksuit?It's perfect. And I am juicy.You are,mama. mija!Elena's back. And I brought presents. I think I left yours in the kitchen. Come on. Here. I figure a girl who's working all the time could use a little fun. Aw,sandals,that's great. Thank you,ena. Is everything okay? Yeah. No. Uh,everything kinda went wrong at work today. Like,really wrong. Like,"we might not have jobs" wrong. Oh,my god,betty,I'm-- I'm so sorry. Yeah. Hey,elena,you've worked most of your life,right? Yeah,of course. So did you ever feel like-- like you had to make a choice, like... like work or a personal life? What do you mean,like you can only have one? nena,if I thought like that,I would've never met your father. what did I miss? okay,here's--here's-- I'll tell you what I missed. right here. Right here is what I missed. oh,molly. I have had the most awful day. what's going on? You all right? I have something to tell you. I was gonna write you a note. Is this about what you saw on my computer--the rings? - Daniel-- 'cause if you think we're moving too fast,we can slow down. - Daniel-- I just--I wanted to get you something,you know, to let you know we have a future together. Daniel,we don'T. What are you talking about? We don't have a future,because I don't have one. I'm sick,daniel. It's cancer. I beat it before,but it's back and it's worse. You know what?I put connor through this a few years ago,and it was awful. - I can't do that to you. - No,no,wait,wait,wait. What--what are you saying? I'm gonna go stay with my family. I'm sorry,daniel. No,no,you're leang?Don't I get a say in this? - Daniel-- no,no. No,I want to be there with you,to hp you. You can't drop this in my lap and just disappear. That's not fair. You don't know what you're asking me. Please,molly-- you know,I don't want you to. Molly,come on.Molly!Wait-- (other lives' "black tables" playing) * when the whites of your eyes * * come through * * you will see * * something new * * with your by and mind * * restored   it's good to see * * you back home  * -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: YTET-  °îµÂÖí</font> ************ * with your body and mind  * * restored   it's good to see  * * you once more * * and you're turning black tables * * and you're turning black tables * * and you're making your head whirl * * making your head whirl * * and you're turning black tables * * and you're turning black tables * * and you're making your head whirl *