I didn't realize I was this far down.</i> I kept catching those really long rights. Keep doing that and you'll end up in rosarita. I didn't mean to intrude. It's a long walk back. My car is here if you want a ride. You should watch your feet. I stepped on a syringe here yesterday. Yeah, welcome to the slooze. Who's that chick? Is she a fan of yours? All my fans are in retirement homes. Mitch Yost, you probably don't remember me, but I met you once. Pipe masters. I was 15, and I got to tell you I had a big crush. - My name is cass. - Give me a fucking break. I didn't notice, huh? I was still knock-kneed with braces. Well, everything changes. Yeah, I make movies now. Thanks anyways, pop. I'm gonna walk and get some air. - All right, Kal. - Nice car, chick. These are hard to find. I like vintage. What can I say? So, I'm doing this film. It's called "legends". i would love to shoot you for it. I know this really isn't your kind of thing, but you know my name and you've got my number. Just think about it. Bill jacks. Why'd I hang up? I got tired of being held on hold. Good thing I'm not being robbed here. I'm looking into a nut job, as certain if he's wanted or missing. I got his prints here. I want him lifted. Why am I calling ahead? Well, anderson, that's to avoid standing there like a mope with my hat in my hand someplace I worked 16 years while my request is walked through channels. What are the prints on? You ask me that, I think maybe you haven't tried the water fountain this morning. Because being the nutjob drank from the station house fountain yesterday, anderson. His prints are on the fucking handle which I am in fucking possession of. Hey, you know what? Fuck you. Where are you gonna drink? Try the toilet. And while you're in there, go fuck yourself. But you really ought to be doing is updating the goddamn bulletin board! Preparation for the celebration of the millennium was a goddamn disgrace. 16 fucking years. How did you sleep? How did you sleep? I slept, you know? You know, I do know that I'm not feeling dope-sick right now. What are you doing? You got to take a horrendous dump too? Because I got to take a horrendous dump, pal. I got to take a horrendous dump. Fuck. Firsties on the can. I got the face. Damn, but make it quick, all right? Drop your pants. Ass on that seat, baby, and push. I gots to go. Come on. Oh, shit. Are you shy about doing your business, John? I'm shy about doing my business. Shit, I haven't seen you dump or take leak since you got here. Do you want me to step outside? I don't know Butchie instead. Hey, we all have our quirks and wrinkles, pal. It is all good. Jojo got through his heat. Anyways. Shaunie Yost. I got your demo, man. it rocks.</i> It's about Shaun, and the event at huntington.</i> give me two minutes to tell you what I can do.</i> Well, hurry up. Mitch will be home any minute. What's shaking, Ramon? Dickstein said new owner's coming over. Strapped like he was yesterday? Should be relevant to you, since you're supposed to be gone now. You dumped out, John? I'm dumped out. Stand up and pull your pants up. The kid's turn on the crapper. There you go. Come on. Do that outside. I got to go. Here. Park it right here, my man. Good, well done. A- plus on the fume-control, pal. Radio silence now, John until further notification.</i> this is a dump that a grown man can be proud of. What the hell are you doing here? You need to hear him. Shaun's back in at huntington. You muscled him in. yeah, that's the way it goes, Shaunie.</i> You miss your heat... as long as you can hear the money talk, you got no problem. You just sign up with the man, get the sponsor's push, win yourself a Hummer.</i> Just this once, Mitch, think what Shaun wants. You know, I was a grom just like you once. always in the water.</i> totally stoked 24/7. I felt like I was tapping into something bigger. and I'll tell you, a lot of people can paddle out there and get that rush, but to be able to give them a taste of it just by watching... No, that's something different. And I never had that. Not like you and your dad... and your grandpa. But I could see that people would pay to see those who could do it. And I made some money. And I made some mistakes. Your dad was one of them. I was young, he was changing the sport. All I could see was that him being a bad boy was good for business. I thought the image was the thing. What I see now... What's taken me years to see... Is the thing itself... that's the thing. And I don't have to show them any more than that. To get them to buy the thing that you want to sell them. Well what if I'm selling them the thing for itself? I think you're a fucking saint. Well, I got all the money I need, Cissy. Yeah, well, that makes it a little easier. It's the way some of us need it. Does that rule me off the team? I'd like to compete. I like it. If you feel me going off with Shaun, just tell me.</i> I would be grateful to hear it. No image. Just him and some really great waves. So huntington's crossed-up swell. What do you think? You want to try the new stick. I might try it. A day like this, if you can get the dealer's ass out of bed, the pier's a nice place to cop a fix. Let's get the dealer's ass out of bed. We're not here to score, my brother. Although I can't say why I'm not getting dope-sick. Found your man, frat boy? Comfy cozy, sweet pea. How didn't I figure you two would know each other? We don't. I drove him over to your place yesterday. I never got high overseas like I needed to get after that ride. Did you come in through the slooze? And don't go over the railing! I came in from the slooze and I won't go over the railing, Butchie. Is that where you picked him up? You think he may be a mexican? I'm trying to get a line on him, joe. Why do you think I needed to fire up that fatty? My old man levitated. I'm not feeling sick. John, what the hell is going on?</i> John, you can be honest with me, man.</i> tell me what's going on. John, tell me what the fuck is going on.</i> What are you looking at out there, John? What do you see? What do you want, Butchie? Come on, Pal. We'll figure it all out. Joe, smoke another fatty, baby. So he said to meet here in the office? Specifically insidethe office. Seemed in good spirits when he called. Yesterday too until he pulled out his gat. - Buenos dias, Ramon. -Buenos dias. And a hearty shalom, attorney dickstein. Hot from the panaderia. - Oh, thank you. - Empanadas, churros, coffee. I see you drink tea. Si, antioxidant. Also, I bear news that the motel will not be leveled. Is that so? It is so, Ramon. I had a vision, gentlemen. That how you got the numbers for the jackt? In fact, Ramon, yes. I often get visions after my seizures. Eventful days like yesterday do tend to bring them on. Teddy and I had quite the siege. The next drawing is on tuesday. I looked it up. No numbers in last night's vision, Ramon.</i> I am called, among other things, to learn to surf. I have the perfect board for you to learn on. Ain't you glad now you didn't blow your brains out yesterday? Motel is closed. Change in ownership. Butchie Yost. He went out, Butchie. He's in number F. You could leave it on the door, if you want to leave a message. I'll give it to him when he shows up. Pastry while you wait? Why raise a building for what its walls have seen?</i> Why not imagine it's shuttered saloon as some homier place of entertainment?</i> Renovate the guest rooms. Upgrade, liberate them.</i> Why not? Room 24. Excuse me. It's his join. He looks like the bowzer guy from Sha Na Na.</i> It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. No, no, no, no. - Yeah. - It's Shaun, Bill.</i> Hey, Shaun, come on in. Give me a hand here. I'm just about to clean these cages. Guess what? You found a dinosaur egg. I'm back in the contest. Is that so? That contest at huntington I missed yesterday. This guy is getting me back in. - My heat's in two hours. - Jesus, that doesn't leave us much... My gram and gramps are taking me. - Is that so? - This guy talked to them. We left my dad a message. Maybe he'll come too. - Good, fine. - You want to go up there with us? - My gram and gramps are right outside. - Right outside? Jesus, Shaun. No, I can't. This is a family outing. This is... This is a family thing. I can't go. No, you go ahead. Bill's not coming. - Well there's that. - Thanks anyway. - I'll cheer him on from down here. - That's all right, Bill. - We understand. - I got to get after the accumulation. They're crap machines. My birds, they're crap machines. You do good, Shaunie. Drive safe. Good for them. Maybe Shaun's ne'er-do-well father and his jerk-off sidekick will go up there too. That would be nice. She's like the kid's second mother. I can't believe she saw you hit on Mitch this morning.</i> You know, linc, I actually do make films. That's the trick, that's what you're supposed to make her think you're here for. </i> Arguably, it is what I'm doing here. Is it... Arguably? I'll see you at huntington. Yeah, you'll see me, but you won't fucking talk to me. Yeah, and for christmas, I was thinking i could either run you over in the street or enroll you in a tony robbins seminar. I guess you and young einstein are out. Anyway, so Cissy just called, and she must have spiked Mitch's wheat germ. He's letting Shaun surf in the contest at huntington. I bet Shaun would like it if you went up there. I'm not going. I'm hip-deep in customers here. Huntington, shit-for-brains. Did you get Mitch in your porsche? you show him how the gear box worked?</i> I make movies. I want to make one about Mitch. It's obvious that he respects you a lot, although it's not as obvious as you and I getting off on the wrong foot this morning. No sale, chick. Mitch's wife just called Cissy. Shaun's in an event at huntington. First time Mitch ever let him enter. Well, maybe I'll go. Yeah, maybeI'll go too. You know, that family's got enough of their own problems, but can't we all still do our little parts to make them worse? I'll tell you something. And I'm not a frightened person by nature... But I'm afraid here suddenly. I'm feeling a real... Genuine frightened feeling. Something's behind me or whatever the hell might be going on. I'm afraid here to even turn around and look. isn't that something, zip?</i> Brother. Is that you, Lois? Is that you, honey? I wish she'd come to me. She used to come to me in dreams. Barry: the motel is haunted.</i> at least room 24 is haunted. You had mentioned you had an unpleasant experience there. It was all one in my mind. Time flies when you're having fun. Mega millions are not the broom to sweep room 24 clean.</i> Must I say for me? Isn't "for me" understood? You're getting a little hard to follow. Not for Gilbert Rollins. He can do it dead. Well, you're with us now. - you don't have to go in that room no more. - fuck room 24. Thank you. - Thank you. - No, it's okay. I woke up this morning happy. I mistook that freedom for power. Ghost showed you what was what. Yes. Yes, Ramon. Our visions are powerless against our pasts. Happiness is helpless in passing. Please, god. Help me live. I forgive gilbert rollins. I forgive Butchie Yost. Thank you for my friends. - Amen. - Amen. Amen. You don't think that's going through, Marco, because he's hanging with Butchie. and if he's hanging with Butchie, he ain't juiced.</i> He's juiced. I am hanging with a man of means.</i> This is my brother from another mother</i> from the side of the family with some cheese.</i> And if that doesn't go through, this will. And that ain't my cock! You are in for a big surprise, Marco. That's right! That's right, ladies. The line forms to my left to blow me. The line forms to Butchie's left. Okay, just to see how much fuel we have in this rocket, I will take half of the... No, I will take the whole row of Chivas Regals. Could we try my dad again? Sure we can. Can I call him? Then why don't we get out of the car and bang our heads on that lamp post until the light changes? Do not fall in love with the cardboard models, John. Papercuts on the penis... very painful. Wait till the... no no no no. Jesus, John. What the fuck? Okay, follow my lead. I say this from the bottom of my heart, brother, and with all the love but I'm picking up you don't do too well with traffic, do you? I don't do too well with traffic. Which leads me to believe... Come on, come on, come on. Quick, follow me. Leads me to believe that you're not from around here. - I'm not from around here, Butchie. - Oh yeah, no? Or any other metropolis for that matter. I'm feeling kind of a, you know, small town. Not a farm town, but a small town. A small town like, you know, I'm feeling a little Cincinnati. - I am from Cincinnati! - Get the fuck out. - You get the fuck out. - Get the fuck out. The housing brain unit's open 24 hours, baby. Linc, this is bullshit. My kid earned his spot in this round. What is this? What this is, Mr. Dolan, is your son's main sponsor, who is about to send him and you on a mag trip to Sumatra, is saying tommy had to take one for the team. Yeah, okay, team is one thing. But Butchie Yost's kid, that's something else.</i> You're not gonna let me be polite? you do not get a vote about Shaunie Yost. You get to vote on whether or not you pass on Sumatra. That's the horn for the junior finals. Remember it's 30 minutes for each surfer. </i> The three highest scoring waves count. </i> First to surf is in yellow. Nice turn over the top. That's Shaun Yost picking one up on the outside. </i> Looks like a party wave out there. Oh yeah, that could be interference on red. </i> Watch this. Yeah, Shaunie! Your kid sticks one like that, you come back and piss in my ear. One thing for certain, these kids definitely know how to handle them. </i> Nice turn, cut back. And he's milking that one all he can. </i> He's got it won. Right? Hands down. Unless they're completely fucking blind. Here we go. I could throw one down tonight. Get off my girl, Johnny monad.</i> What the fuck? Wait here, John. Wait here. Hey, Freddy, did I get teleported to fucking hawaii or... Motherfucker! What's that you say, Butchie, huh? You're gonna drown me in a cop tsunami?</i> Or whatever faggot threat you left on my machine? That call was a mistake. No, that call was a fucking favor to me.</i> It reminded me of what a fuckup you turned into, instead who I watched surf rocky point. I was pissed off you beat me on the fucking buy. You got no business buying a lid of smack. I got a fucking injury settlement. I was looking to make a move. It's not like I got many left. Fuck your sad story, Butchie. You'd have od'ed and died before you sold your third bag. What are you looking at, big eyes? You want some of that? - I want some. - yeah?! Freddy, he ain't all there! Well, now he's there even less. Don't fucking hit him anymore. It's just an earthquake, John. It happens all the time. What do you want, Butchie Yost? You'll remember, to expedite closing, you had me waive the physical inspections. I absolve you if the walls tumble down. Oh, boy. Oh, what the hell is going on now? Anderson, hey, Bill Jacks. Hey, did you guys feel a temblor over there just now? No, because I felt like i just felt a temblor. All right, Anderson! Oh, a socal tremor there. Dude, I felt that. Big fucking earthquaker ! Wave of the day, the judges are doing the boogaloo 'cause of a little fucking earthquake.</i> You had it won already, bro! I think they missed it. Well, if they didn't miss the entire heat, he's fine. He's not up. He's not up. He didn't come up. He never came up! Shit! Look at you swinging, Zip. It was a temblor. Seems minor. Minor temblor. And the old man's still got his marbles. Do you find that your emotions are getting the best of you?</i> I would say so. I mean, when she pushed me... </i> We're closed. Instead of what you want to see, see what the fuck is in front of you. It's how you get 17 safe deposits. Fuck you surfing rocky point! Fuck watching you from my fucking porch. Excuse me. Sorry to interrupt. - Phone call for Butchie. - Yeah? You piece of shit! What's with your fucking phone? The battery died. - Yeah, what a shock. - Uh, no hurry.</i> Whenever he's done... Phone, just... Is that what you called to talk to me about, my fucking phone?! Shaunie broke his neck at huntington. - Is he gonna be all right? - He broke his neck! They're airlifting him to mercy hospital. Of course, if you gave any kind of shit, I wouldn't have to be telling you this 'cause you would've been here. What the fuck you talking about, he's at huntington? Nobody fucking told me dick! Your battery's dead. What, you couldn't drive four fucking blocks out of your way - To come down here and tell me? - Why, 'cause you've never been anywhe for anybody? Why waste the gas? So what are you saying, dad? Is he gonna die? Go ahead out for pizza. I can leave word with the manager. What's going on? Come on, John. We're gonna take a ride. Garage door Tijuana, Freddy, to cop. And you better not try and stop me unless you're ready to fucking kill me. Look, my kid got hurt. He broke his neck. - I can't handle it straight. - I'm holding. Get in the car. Go get the dope and bring it back to me. Get in the car or I'll shoot you, him and the three guys in the fucking office. What do you want ? I didn't drop a dime on you, if you're thinking about killing me in that car. Go ahead, go. Well, they seem to have worked it out. His father said his son had an accident... Butchie. They make these fucking cars for midgets. I hate coming to this fucking country. Sunset beach, the kid you used to put on your back and paddling out to for him to watch from the channel... That's the one broke his neck now? It's the only one i know I got, Freddy. Some fucked-up shit. I thought of that on the way to the airport this morning. That is some fucked-up shit. Then till now I hadn't thought of it fucking once. That mope in the back seat keeps changing fucking shapes. Who the fuck are they? I want you to go in here, Butchie, and I want you to act like a fucking man. The business between us, we'll deal with later. Well, you didn't get me high, but you didn't kill me either. Just shut the fuck up and get out. Take this shape-changing mope with you. - I ain't afraid of you, Pal. - I ain't afraid of you. I don't give a fuck what you are. - I ain't afraid of you, Pal. - I took more acid... Than you ate cheerios for fucking breakfast. In a volcano. The fucking hallaka-halama-vaka fucking thing. Haleakala, freddy. If you move your seat back, you wouldn't look like such a fucking monkey. Get out, before I blow both your fucking heads off. Thanks for not killing me. Come on. Motherfucking press. Come here. Leave the fucking door open. Fucking seat belt. I'd doubt the connection with the minor area temblors</i> we've been reporting, bob, have had much to do with this. </i> All we know at this point is that the young surfer broke his neck</i> while competing at huntington beach</i> and has en listed in grave condition at mercy hospital. </i> And this is the famous surfing Yost family?</i> That could be Shaun. Who are they discussing? Where is he?! What's his condition for Christ's sake? Oh my god! Don't yell at me. Don't yell at me. Don't yell at me. Don't yell at me. Anderson! Anderson, for God's sake, don't hang up on me. Please help me find an injured friend. I won't intrude on them, but if there's anything they need... The family, errands or whatever the hospital doesn't provide, I'm available to do that day or night. Okay. Well, I have terrible news to share with you. Shaun has suffered devastating injuries. The vertebrae at the base of his skull was crushed when he fell, and that left him paralyzed and unable to breathe. a machine is breathing for him now, but the time he was without oxygen underwater and later did catastrophic damage. Our tests show that there is no electrical activity in Shaun's brain. So you're saying he's brain-dead. You're saying there's nothing you can do. I'm sorry, but I think that's the case.</i> we'll run our test again in the morning, but I don't expect to see a change. Why put him through the tests then? We have to be absolutely certain of Shaun's condition and prognosis</i> before later decisions can be made. Yeah, but you're absolutely certain now. A protocol is developed in these situations. Your protocol's more important than his suffering? To take a patient off life support, possibly making his organs available for transplant, those aren't cliffs you can reclimb. Why don't you leave the cliffs out of it? I understand that you're suffering terribly. If it's any consolation, i assure you, your grandson is not. When it suits your protocols, we take you at your word. When it suits your protocols before we can take you at your word, you get to crucify him with another 12 hours of tests. Mrs. Yost, do you have anything you want to ask me?</i> No. Doctor, go away. I'll be with Shaun. You take Shaunie off that machine, Mitch, you better never get in our bed again. Did you hear anything that asshole said? He needs it to breathe. He stays on the machine. I will murder you in your sleep. Shaunie is brain-dead, Cissy. - He's breathing and I can hold him. - well, get a dog. he's dead. I want him off the machines. You want to get back to your clubhouse, go ahead. get out, you coward! get out and leave me alone with my grandson. You're afraid of the hospital, not me.</i> i got used to it, all the months I spent listening to the asshole I married whine about killing himself 'cause his knee was gone. He couldn't be king of the waves. Mitch Yost, the big realist. "Let's face it, Cissy, he's gone. Let's just put him in the ground." Well, when the time comes, why don't you just sign whatever papers it is they need you to sign?</i> - Should I go in? - I don't know. Did he die? Your mother will explain it. - Did he die? - No. Cissy is in there. How's it going? Did you du out this morning? You need to dump out? Okay, come on. He was going for a little cover-up on the inside, the water sucked out. Was he doing good before he ate it? He had it won. Can we go see him? He's dumping out. This is my son Mitchell junior. Shaun's father. How do you do? - Can we go in? - Please. Is it okay if touch him? I thought one day, a day with no dog fights, I'd square things. You know, surf some spots with him in Indonesia, maybe. I thought we'd have the time. They asked about donating Shaun's organs.</i> He gave his stick away that time to that one-legged kook kid at trestles. I surf. You were great. You know, I could introduce you to him if you want. or you could keep pretending you don't know each other.</i> Hi, I'm Linc Stark. Hi. - Get with Mitch. - Can you hold that, please? Like my heart's beating in a cartoon. Are you here to see Shaun? Yes, I am. Can I see him? I don't have to decide now about the organs, right? I'd still have the 12 hours to change my mind. You've been more father to him than I was. Excuse me. Okay, zip. Now, don't hold back on me, pal. I just took a dump a grown man would be proud of. Attaboy. A- plus for fume control, Butchie? A- plus, John. The end is near. That's it, zip. That's it.