Ruptured placenta, possible prolapsed cord, she's 5 centimetres. Let's tell O.R. to get set up for a crash C-section. - You got it. - No wait! - I'm only two months pregnant. - She's full-term. No, you're wrong. Where are my sisters? I need my sisters. Did you call them? - There was no time. - We're less than a minute from skin to baby. Scalpel. Uterine incision. I need another stretch. There's nothing to be afraid of. I'm afraid of what's inside me. I can see the baby. Oh, God. Please let it be normal. Please, please, please let it be normal. Shoulders. And he is out. Would you like to see your new boy? He's beautiful. He is beautiful. Here you go. I see her! Don't let her take my baby! Don't let her take my baby! Don't let her take my baby! So he asked me out again last night, but he was so quiet during dinner that, I swear, I could hear his stomach digesting. I always preferred quiet men, they make good listeners. What's that, dear? Oh, hi, sweetie. Come, sit, eat. Oh, no. I can't, that smell... Smells good. - Morning sickness, Leo. - Morning, noon and night. It's more like around-the-clock sickness. Did you get a good night's sleep? - The nightmare came back. - With the Seer? She wants my baby. I know it. I'm afraid that she's gonna summon me to her at any moment. Well, she could only get to you when you chose evil. You're safe now. I swear to you, the Seer will never lay a finger on your baby. She'll have to get through us first. Thanks, guys. - Are you okay? - Yeah, you know, pain comes in waves. Honey, you lost your husband. It's okay to be very upset. No, I can't. I have to stay strong for the baby. He's all I have left of Cole. I'm gonna go check the Book of Shadows. There might be some magical protection against the Seer. Missy Paige, you need to go to work. Well, I'll be late. Phoebe doesn't need to be stressed while she's pregnant. Paige, wait. Go ahead, say it. Say what? Something that I know, on some level, you've been dying to say to me. - There's nothing. - Come on. You knew Cole was evil the whole time when everyone thought you were crazy. And thanks to you, we vanquished The Source and gave Cole peace. So go ahead, say it. Say, "l told you so." I will not. It's not my style. I was so unfair to you for the last few weeks, when you were right, and I just-- I want to clear the air right now. You're really sweet, and I appreciate the gesture, but everything is totally fine. - Another hot flash? - It's when I move too fast. Phoebe, that's not really a typical pregnancy symptom, I don't think. Maybe it's time we get that baby checked out. I just haven't had a chance to make-- A doctor's appointment? Well, I have one. It's yours. Aren't we supposed to find out about the fertility tests? Yeah, but Phoebe needs that appointment more than we do right now. How can I go to the doctor when I have a demonically challenged baby? Who knows what effects the Seer's tonics had on the little guy. This is my point exactly. If it'll make you feel better, I'll go with you so I can put the freeze on if anything goes wrong. You're going. Into the stirrups for you. Dane, son of Goath. May the world's evil flow through your soul tonight and grant you eternal darkness. Are you prepared to take the power and position of The Source before these leaders of the underworld? I am. Stop the coronation. Seer, I didn't see your name on the guest list. Always a rare privilege, but not the best timing. - What brings you here? - A vision. I saw The Source's true heir leading the underworld. If that was your vision, you need glasses. The Source's heir lives in the belly of a witch. He's right. The underworld cannot wait months for a baby to be born, then years for it to grow up. It needs leadership now. In my vision, I saw The Source's son taking immediate power. How can an unborn child lead the underworld? With my help, he can. What do you need from this council? A chance to prove my vision true. She has no right to ask this. I was chosen by these leaders! But you have no direct lineage to The Source, by blood or by magic. You have until tonight to bring us The Source's heir... ...or the throne belongs to Dane. Your hormone levels are unusually high for a mother in her eighth week. Have you seen a doctor since you found out you were pregnant? I was under the care of a seer. It's kind of like a New Age doctor. Well, you really should have seen a doctor before today, a real doctor. Do you think that there could possibly be something wrong with my baby? Well, let's just take a peek, shall we? Why don't you lie back, and I'm gonna do an ultrasound. Now, this gel's a little bit cold. What? What's wrong? Hot flash. - A very, very, hot, hot, hot flash! - Not a good sign. Yeah, she's been getting those a lot lately. No, not like this one. I mean, it felt like my head was on fire, for real. Well, let's just have a look, okay? Well, there. See? There's the little-- - Here you go. Here. - What happened? That's a good question. What happened? It's about time. My head was on fire like a tiki torch a few seconds ago. Do not change the subject. Did your baby just electrocute the nice doctor man? Yeah. I think so. But he was just protecting himself because that gel was really cold. Protecting himself? Unborn babies don't perform magic tricks in the first trimester, Phoebe. - What is going on? - I don't know, but don't panic, okay? We'll wrap up here, and we'll go home and panic. It says here the Seer has served multiple Sources. Looks like she's been around for thousands of years. - What's going on? - My baby did magic. - And almost killed my doctor. - It was self-defence. Well, I guess that's what you get when you breed with The Source of All Evil. Okay, can we not say "breed"? You know, I'm not a horse. And Cole wasn't all evil, he was part good. And I'm all good, so this baby has a lot of good in him. What if there's not? Then there will be. My love was able to save Cole. It'll save our son too. - Let's hope so. - No, we'll make it so. Okay? So, what did you find out about the Seer? Well, she's immune to spells and charms, but the Book does classify her as an upper-level demon. So we can make a vanquishing potion. Not without a tissue sample. Actually, the Seer mixed her own blood into my prenatal tonic. - Nasty. - Yeah. Cole kept some extra bottles in the safe at the penthouse. You think you're ready to go to the penthouse? You haven't been there, you know, since he died. I don't think I'll ever be ready, but I can't keep borrowing your clothes. Okay, let's go. Wait, don't you have to work? I'll take the afternoon off. Who needs vacation time? - Paige, you can't keep-- - Yes, I can. Thank you. Bitch! What the hell was that for? I don't know. You'd have to ask him. Okay. Why did your mommy push Paige out the window? No, it's not like that. It's just-- He took over for a split second. I had no control. But why me? I have nothing against that little f-- - Foetus. - I'm sure he's sorry. Aren't you sorry? Kids at this age, they don't know any better, you know? Okay, I think I'd better go check with the Elders, see what they know about this baby. Whatever it is, I'm sure it has something to do with the Seer. Let's go get that blood. What was that out there, flying practice? Baby shoved me out the window. Wait. Hold on a second. I left four messages here. Has anybody in this house learned the magic of a telephone? Darryl, it's been a very rough week. Right. Phoebe, how are you holding up? It depends on what part of the day you ask me. Look, I know you've got a lot to deal with already, but there's business I don't think can be put off any longer. I'm sure it's pressing, but not as pressing as the demon that's after Phoebe. Don't count on it. Cole worked at a high-profile law firm. Right now you three are the only ones who know he's dead. Can this wait? We really need to get to the penthouse. Good, because that's where I need you to handle this business. It has to look like Cole left in a hurry, that means packing up all his stuff and personal belongings. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm sorry, so why do you want me to pack up his stuff? I made an appointment with you at Missing Persons today. Wait, you want Phoebe to report Cole as missing? She has to, otherwise somebody else will, and she'll become the prime suspect in his disappearance. So you want me to pack up his stuff so it looks like he left me. That's right. We cannot give the police any reason to suspect foul play. I mean, technically, you three did kill him. - What is that? - Well, that's where we, you know... This place looks like a crime scene. Is there anything you can do? Let the object of objection Become but a dream As I cause the seen to be unseen Thanks. I just wish I could make the rest of your pain go away that easily. So do l. You murdering witch! Phoeb-- - The baby made me do it. - Know what, now we split up. You two go pack, we'll find the Seer's tonic. Okay. Where is this baby that everybody keeps talking about? I mean, is it an invisible baby? Am I gonna step on it? No, Darryl, it's a little bit more complicated than that. Am I the only one who's worried about that thing growing inside of her? No. But right now the Seer is our first priority. I think she said it's behind this painting over here. Okay, so now what? She doesn't know the combination. We don't need it. Safe door. If financial disaster ever strikes, you'll find I come in handy. There's nothing in here. - No tonic? - No. But there's this. It's Cole's handwriting. - Cole the human or Cole The Source? - I don't know. That's for Phoebe to find out. Cole gave me this the day he found out I was pregnant. Look, I'll start packing his stuff up, okay? And you pull your own things together. Piper! Paige! I've been waiting for you. Get away from me! You can't have him! I only want what's mine! I'm losing her! Let go of me! Here's your tissue sample. Okay, I'm gonna bring this to Phoebe, and you stay here. I don't want you provoking her baby anymore. - Provoking him? Like it's my fault? - Oh, you know what I mean. What are you doing? I'm playing Mozart for the baby to bring out his peaceful nature. Studies show that babies can hear and remember songs from the womb. That's lovely. How about you eat something, since you haven't had anything to eat all day. - No, I've been nauseous all day. - You've been a little fresh all day. I'm thinking about trying acupuncture. I hear that helps. Phoebe, don't! I'm gonna puke. Maybe your baby would prefer to listen to Ozzy. The Elders believe the Seer's making a sudden play for The Source's throne. But she needs Phoebe's baby to do it. The Seer wants to be The Source? What could that possibly have to do with my baby? He's not due for another seven months. It doesn't matter, because next time we will be ready for her. - Next time? - Yes. The Seer tried to steal Phoebe from the penthouse. How's that potion coming? It's done. It just needs to cool a little bit. That baby needs a serious time-out. Go, go, go into the kitchen. So much for the vanquishing potion. How come your baby only attacks me? I don't know, Paige. He must resent you. You know, you never really liked his father. With good reason. Maybe you resent me, and the baby's just modelling after Mom. Paige, how can you say that? All right, enough. The two of you will not address each other. You'll not set foot into the same room until further notice, got it? You, you got enough ear left to make another batch of that potion? - Yes. - Then do it. You, you're gonna hit the Book of Shadows, and you'll figure out a way to control Chucky there. I can't. I told Morris I'd meet him at Missing Persons in a half an hour. I would strongly advise against that. Your baby-- Is fine, just as long as he doesn't feel threatened and doesn't meet anyone with unresolved issues with his father! I heard that! Phoebe, how can you say that? How can you risk going out in public with--? In your condition. Because if I don't report Cole missing, someone will. And the police will be knocking on our door. Besides, Morris put himself on the line. I can't let him down. All right, but Leo is going with you, in case of any trouble. And I will hit the Book and figure out how to deal with demonic foetuses. I have an offer for you. Nobody comes down The Source's dungeon unless they are dead, damned or desperate. Which are you? Desperate. I need your power. I have a power? Yes, I almost forgot. I haven't used it in centuries. I have been sentenced to spend eternity alone in this cage. It's a fine cage. The Source had it forged from unbreakable magic. Nothing can escape it. Yes, I know. It was some of my best work. That's right, I built your prison, and my magic, alone, has the power to free you. - The Source would never allow it. - The Source is dead. I can give you freedom and a chance to earn favour with the new Source in exchange for your help. What kind of help? I need you to do what every demon before you has failed to do, even me. Capture and contain a Charmed One. - A charmed what? - A powerful witch. I need you to bring her down to the underworld. It is the only way that my magic can work. That shouldn't be hard for you, a demon who has swallowed worlds. Interested? Get me out. Remember, my magic put you in this cage. Betray me, and you'll go right back. Please be good, and I promise I'll eat a huge tri-tip tonight. You're gonna meet lnspector Miles. He's trained to spot a liar. So just answer his questions as honestly as you can, okay? Morris tells me that you think your husband might have left town? I don't know what to think. Last Wednesday, we had a huge battle, and he just never came back. Did he leave anything? Nothing, I checked the penthouse myself. Clothing, personal belongings, gone. - What was the fight about? - My sisters. I have two sisters, and they didn't approve of me marrying Cole. - Why not? - They're just different. Oil and water, you know. - Fire and ice, heaven and-- - Hell. Bingo. So you'd say that your husband has a dark side, then? Yes. Has he ever hurt you? - You okay? - Here, let me help. You stop that right now. Inspector, I know it doesn't seem like my husband's a great guy, but I would advise you not to say anything negative about him now. Listen, ma'am, I gotta call them as I see them. You turn up pregnant, and he takes off. Your husband fits the classic profile of a deadbeat dad. - Make it go out. - I can't make it go out! Phoebe? I mean, fire! Move away, move away, move away. - Why are you doing this to me? - It's not my fault. It's just the baby doesn't like when anybody talks bad about Cole. - What's wrong? - My stomach. It's like something is tearing. Come on, let's get you out of here. Yeah, I'm okay. Yeah, I'm sure. I'll call back later to schedule that appointment. Okay, thanks. You are just in time. One bottle of Seer-vanquishing potion. What about you? Anything in the Book about how to control demon spawn? I thought about binding his powers, but then that would leave Phoebe without hers. Yeah, well, you might want to keep that option open. There's something seriously wrong with that baby. Yeah, I know. But it doesn't matter. He's part of us, part of our family. And who knows, he may be the only baby in the Halliwell family. Okay... ...what's going on? Spill. That was Dr. Harris on the phone. I got the results from my fertility tests. And? There are some problems. He said something about... ...scarring or scar tissue. Something about blunt-trauma injury. Oh, honey. He asked me if I had suffered any serious blows to the abdomen. He seems to think it would be difficult... ...if not impossible, for me to conceive. - I'm so sorry. - This is-- It's weird. Because when I went to the future, I met that little girl. I saw my little girl. And I saw what she... ...Iooked like and what she sounded like. The sound of her laugh. I just... I can't imagine not knowing her. You still might. I might not. I just... I don't know what to tell Leo. He's so excited about having a baby. - You should have seen him. - Piper! She's getting worse. - Can't you do something? - I tried to heal her, I can't. Stand back, stand back! You stay out of her sight for your own safety. Go. Make it stop! Make it stop! Leo, go get some ice water or something. It's okay. It's okay. Just try to breathe through it. Breathe. Breathe. Piper, look out! - Get up. Get up. Come on. - Whatever you do, don't touch him. You can't run from me. I'll always find you. Phoebe, I'll orb you out of here. It wasn't me. It was the baby. I couldn't control him. - Did you sense her? - No. If she's in the underworld, I can't get a read on her. If anything happens to Paige, I will never forgive myself. - Anything on that demon? - I think so. Come look. "Oral tradition tells of a giant whose body served as a portal to other dimensions. Because he was imprisoned centuries ago, nobody knows what this demon's name is - or if he even exists." - It gets worse. "There's no known vanquish for him. The Source was so threatened, he condemned the giant to spend eternity in a cage." The Seer must have set him free to capture Phoebe. But he got Paige instead, thanks to me. No, that had nothing to do with you. - How are you feeling? - Better. I think the baby's resting. It's when he's active and using magic that it hurts the most. Well, here, have some iced tea. It will cool you off. What the hell? I can't even enjoy some iced tea? It wasn't iced tea. It was a binding potion. Paige suggested it to help control the baby. I couldn't tell you, because if I did, he would've stopped you-- He stopped me anyway. He knows things that I don't know. He's trying to take control of me. You can't let that happen. If he takes control, he'll never let go. I know. It's not me. And it's not Cole. It's The Source. So, what, are you into some kind of dominatrix thing now? You are not the sister I expected, but you will do. Sorry I can't stick around, but you're creeping me out anyway. You're not going anywhere. So, what was your plan, trap Phoebe in this cage and fatten her up until she gives birth? Even I don't have that kind of patience. Well, whatever your plan was, I'm happy to spoil it. You didn't spoil anything. Phoebe will come to me - as soon as she gets my message. - What message? I saw the Seer. She was killing Paige. How can you get a premonition without touching anything? I don't know, maybe the Seer sent it to me? That is not all she sent. Come with me now, or your sister dies. You've already seen how. - No, Phoebe, don't. - It's a trap. It doesn't matter. I have to save Paige. - It's the only chance left. - No. - You're letting the baby control you. - That wasn't the baby. That was me. I got Paige into this mess, I'm gonna get her out. No, you're not, not if I kill the Seer first. Damn it! Did that come from you? I'm sorry, Piper, I can't let you take the fall for me. Well, why not? You can't use the baby's powers like that. Come here, witch! Phoebe, don't! Phoebe, nobody's ever been able to vanquish that demon. Do you realize what you just did? Stay away. That's not Phoebe anymore. Come to me, child. Phoebe, snap out of it. Please. Let the little children come to me, for the kingdom belongs to such as these. The rose circle represents nature... ...desire, fertility. Kneel. Phoebe, it's your body, take control. Fight it. Give me strength and give me might - To steal a child in still of night - Phoebe! Darkest forces Let it be Hear my plea Bring life to me My baby. He was never yours, or Cole's. From the moment of conception, this baby was mine. The deadline's past. She's not here. The throne belongs to me. - We can wait one more-- - Give me the oath! I want my power! You promised to bring The Source's heir. So... -...where is he? - lnside me. The council has chosen. - The Seer will be our new Source. - No. It's a trick. I have brought the council a gift. Charmed Ones. How dare you bring them into our sanctuary! The witches are locked in a cage from which no magic can escape. - You can't be sure of that. - So much negative energy. Am I to presume these witches are the human sacrifice required to seal your coronation? Human sacrifice? I didn't know that was part of the plan, did you? To be your Source, to start a new evil order, to kill the Charmed Ones, this was my vision from the beginning. Every council leader here will reap the rewards with-- - What is it? - Just start the ceremony. Doesn't look like she's having any more luck with that thing than you were. May the world's evil flow through your soul. I'm sorry, that was insensitive. It's okay. The baby wasn't mine. - What do you mean? - The baby was never mine. From the moment it took over, it just felt like this black hole of evil. Totally soulless. - Phoebe? - Yeah. Told you so. - I'm really sorry. - I know you are, honey. - I know you are. - Seer, are you prepared to accept the power and position of The Source before all these leaders of the underworld? - I am. - Okay, so now what? We'd have a fighting chance had we the power of three, but we can't get to Piper. This cage is magic-proof. Okay, so the cage is built to make sure magic wouldn't get out. But in the premonition I had, I saw the Seer kill you with her power. So the cage lets magic in. Do you remember the spell to call a lost witch? Piper and I just used it to try to find you. Powers of the witches rise Course unseen across the skies There's nothing left. We've tried everything. There's gotta be something missing, something we haven't thought of. You know, maybe if we summon a demon, someone who knows the way to the Seer's lair, he can lead us to Phoebe and Paige. Thank God it worked. - Oh, my. Where are we? - Trapped in a cage. - Okay, so let's bust out. - No! You can't use your magic in here. It'll just bounce off and probably kill us. - Repeat the oath after me. - What's going on out there? The Seer is being coronated as the new Source. Yeah, then she's gonna sacrifice us. Let me get this straight. You guys summoned me to a cage where my powers don't work so we could all die together? Well, the plan has some flaws, admittedly. We have to stay positive. We have the power of three here. There is nothing stronger than that, right? Are you sure there's nothing stronger than the power of three? What an unexpected surprise. You've just made my-- - I don't know what just happened. - What happening? It's the baby. He has too much power for her. That's how I felt. I felt like I was gonna explode. - What are we gonna do? - We need to make her tap - into the baby's power, all of it. - How the hell are we gonna do that? I command all in attendance to witness the power of The Source - Power-of-three spell? - and the death of the Charmed Ones! The power of three will set us free The power of three will set us free - What's wrong? - Nothing's wrong! - It's working. - Keep going. Where'd everybody go? The blast took everyone out, the Seer, the council leaders. Well, I'd say that the scales of good and evil just dramatically tipped in our favour. Look, the Grimoire, still untouched. It's time we get rid of that book once and for all. Well, the Grimoire has a new home in a mountain of rock in the west Andes. - Thanks, honey. - Sure. How many times have we vanquished The Source now? - Three, but who's counting? - Did we get him? I think that would be safe to say, based on how the Elders are reacting. It's like a holiday up there. They still can't believe you did it. Yeah, well, let's not forget the cost. Well, I gotta say, after all this, I'm still looking forward to having a good baby in this house. Yeah, I haven't had a chance to talk to you about that yet. I heard from Dr. Harris today. - And? - And we're in for a rough road. Rough road? What does that mean? What did he say? It's okay. It doesn't mean that we're giving in or giving up. There are a lot of options in the world. Don't worry. Don't worry, Leo. I'm sure the charmed line isn't supposed to end with us. Phoebe... ...I found this in Cole's safe. It's for you. If I'm dead right now, I know it was at your hand. No one else in heaven or hell had power over me. Please don't cry. I was dead before I met you. I was born the day you loved me. And my love for you will keep me alive... ... forever.