not so big on the whole "up there" look. Maybe we should try the brown again. Okay, then. Let's do this. You know what? It is kinda blah, huh? I like the Moroccan one. Other people are waiting. I've waiting years. Ever since Wyatt was born, I wanted a family portrait. It's always one thing or another, he's going you know what, you're going bonkers. - She exaggerates a little. - Now that I have everyone here, I'm not gonna be pressured into making any hasty decisions. At this point, it wouldn't be. Can I help it if I want it to be perfect? Piper, it's gonna be perfect no matter what the backdrop. You look beautiful. Okay, then. Let's do this. Alrighty, then. Here we go. Happy octopus, everyone say cheese. - Guys, this really isn't a good time. - This can't wait. - Neither can this. - We've gotten word of something. Someone has information which could bring the sisters to us, help them to see the beauty of our way. Really? Great. Are you sure? Yes, but she's under attack by demons, even as we speak. You must save her and bring her home, so she can share what she knows. She may be our last best chance at convincing the sisters. This isn't gonna go over very well. - Good job. Nice smiles, everyone. - Okay, got it, great. - So I gotta go. - We get three poses. I know, but something's come up. Are we going to do this or what? It's the Elders, isn't it? We can't have a grace period, a normal family moment without them jingling? It's not always gonna be like this, Piper. What is it, like a dog whistle now, only you can hear it? You have keys to the car? Try to see your way out of this, little traitor! This can't be right. My hero. I have got a lump that won't quit from one of those little snits. - You sure you can't heal a demon? - Don't push it, I saved your life. Only 'cause the stuffed shirts made you. I still don't understand why you didn't just shimmer out. And miss you coming to meet me? That would have been rude. Plus, I'm eager to make a deal with your bosses. So why did the Elders send you anyway? They know we had a thing? We didn't have a thing. Trying to put that ugly past behind you, I get it. - Don't waste seeing powers on me. - Don't have to be a seer to know. So, is this where it all happens? Oh, my God. Don't tell me that's... Tell me why your fellow demons are trying to kill you. The Elders didn't tell you? You know, you're hard to read. But that's okay. I like a challenge. Answer the question. I'm selling them out for bigger things and they're miffed. Not that they wouldn't do the same to me. I gotta fill Piper in. Sisters find you up here, they're gonna kill you. No, actually they won't. I've seen my death, no babes involved. Then they'll definitely kill me, so I need to break it to them gently. You stay here. Okay. Damn! Don't make any loud noises. I have a soufflé in the oven and you have done enough damage for one day. - I'm sorry. It was... - I don't know what I was expecting. I don't know why I thought it would be different, why I thought we could have a normal family when you're just a blur. That's a little extreme. It's not like I'm running away all the time. It was once. No. No, I mean the picture. In the picture, you're just a blur. But you know what? What the heck, I'm gonna hang it anyway. Better than nothing. It was important. And so is Paige's dinner date tonight with Kyle. So, if you're done being errand boy for the Elders, can you give the kids a bath, because I need to finish her dinner. They want us to protect a demon. They want us to do what? - Protect a demon, just until... - No, I heard you the first time. The answer is absolutely not. This is how things spiral out of control. I think you should wear this green top. It's really cute. You could wear it with jeans, and you'll be comfy and he'll be comfy. I'm dressed, I'm not changing, go away. I know, but don't you think that's a little much for a house date? He's gonna walk in the door and wanna throw you down on the floor. Exactly. All right, but look at this one. It's sparkly, it's soft, it's cashmere. I already have butterflies in my stomach, honey. I just... I don't need Cupid fluttering around me also. You really do look beautiful. Let me get this for you. Thank you. I cannot believe that I hooked up so many couples in this town, and does my own sister listen to me? No. I took your advice and made a home-cooked meal, even though I can't cook. Yeah, minor detail. The point is, you'll be home, you'll be on your turf, you don't have to talk about Avatar stuff. I hope that's all that's holding him back. Oh, honey, he's a workaholic. I mean, there's chemistry between you guys, right? There is so much chemistry, I feel like I'm... Okay, you know what? I don't need to hear how you feel. This is gonna work out because it's too good for it not to. - You think so? - Yes, I do. - To make sure, I'd wear the green top. - Enough with the green shirt! You're right, he'll love what you have on. - Demon! No active power, do something! - Mirror! Is that my bad luck or yours? Plant! Leo, a little help, please! Did she just call for Leo? There is a demon in the attic and you didn't tell me? I tried, but you wouldn't let me. Sure, blame me. Good God! What is your problem? Are you crazy? I brought her. We need to protect her. She has information we need. I don't think so. Piper, are you okay? Okay, Kyle's coming tonight. There'll be no demons in this house! Not any night. That surly one is your wife? - Surly? Do you know her? - Who cares, just blow her up! - You can't. - Watch me. Fine. Kill me. Who cares if I have enough to kill all upper-level demons? You should hear her out. Especially after hunky guy here went to all that trouble to rescue me from demons. Wait, the Elders are getting us to save demons from other demons? Unbelievable! The demons don't want her working with us. We just have to protect her until... Okay, that's Kyle. Get upstairs! Relax, relax. Everything is gonna be great, and later, everything gonna be really, really great. Really? Hey, easy with the goods there, sister! Just don't let him eat the eggplant! What? What's wrong with my eggplant? Hi. Hey. You... you look beautiful. Thank you. You're welcome. She's a traitor! - The Seer must die! - Strike harder! - Kill her! - Death to the Seer! Quiet! The Seer is protected by the Charmed Ones now. We'll never get to her before she sells us out. We have no choice but to release Zankou! No, Zankou can never be freed. She's right. The Source banished him for good reasons. He's too powerful. He'll control us all. We need his powers to go up against the witches. What the Seer tells them will destroy us. She must be stopped or we'll die. I say free Zankou. Or not. Anyone else afraid to go up against the Charmed Ones? So, not only do you run a school and battle demons, you cook too? Well, actually, I... Would you like some eggplant? I can't. I'm allergic to eggplant. Really? Interesting. I'm stuffed. It was great. I can't remember the last time I had a home-cooked meal. I'm glad we put a stop to that. So, I like you, you like me, I don't see what the big problem is. Wow! You just say whatever pops into your mind, huh? You're avoiding the question. Well, I don't know how to answer it. Okay, just... Why don't you just tell me what's on your mind? Okay. Do you remember a little while ago, I... ...I told you I didn't have any secrets? Please tell me you're not married. No, no, it's nothing like that. It's more like... I don't want you to be disappointed in me. What if I told you I did not cook this meal? You didn't, huh? No, I can't cook. I talked Piper into doing it for me. Do you hate me? No. No, I don't. Don't mind me. As you were. I think maybe we should go upstairs. Darryl, hey! Now's not really a good time. Not that I'm not thrilled to see you. Listen, I'm here about Inspector Sheridan, Phoebe. And what I think he did to her. Well, what's going on? Did you find her? No, and when I confronted Brody on it, he said that she jumped to a top secret task force. - That's why there's no record. - That's it, right? No. There's always a record somewhere. So I looked for something that you could scry with. - And? - Her apartment, her records, all have been cleaned out, like a professional job. Someone does not want me to find her. I think that someone went upstairs with your sister. Forget happy endings, we can't even have a happy beginning. Look... ...I found this jammed behind Sheridan's deck. It's a long shot, but, you know, if she used it... I'll see what I can do. Oh, and can you get me one of those cute little scrunchie-faced dogs? A shar-pei, I think they're called. I always wanted a pet. Oh, and if you can throw in a lap pool, that would be great. Narrow it down to your top ten demands. Hey, I've got something you want, okay? The minute I spill my guts, I have no more bargaining chips, so I'm milking it for all I can. Were the boys okay when you left? Yes, Miss Donovan was reading to them. Did you get the shar-pei down? 'Cause Chris has that rash and Wyatt's been a little cranky. They're fine. We leave 'em there all the time. Exactly, they spend more time at Magic School lately than they do at home. - She's right, you know. - You stay out of it. I don't want to leave them. We need to take care of this before demons attack. On that note, let's move this along, shall we? See, it's endless. I'm never gonna be able to spend time with my kids while we're single-handedly trying to rid the world of demons. Hello? I'm a demon you can get rid of. Preferably before I'm ambushed again. Okay, here's her list. Go see what the Elders have to say. Hold on, I've got one more thing I'd like to add to that list, and it's something only the Elders can give. And it's a deal-breaker. I want to be made human. What? Why in the hell would a powerful demon want to be made human? "Hell" being the operative word, as in I live there and it sucks. You know, I don't think you know anything. I think it's all just one big scam. How do we have any proof? Hello, beautiful! I can't believe I slept with that guy! Apparently the cage is not working so great for you, so stay down. - How's it going in there? - I'm not loving the demon interruptus. That proof enough for you? Well, I guess Chris won't be using this. I gotta stop trying to keep anything nice in this house. Ouch! You know, that hurts. Yeah, well, get used to it, 'cause if this is a setup... This is not a setup. Can someone please just remind me why we are protecting a demon? She's selling out her buddies, so we're doing the witness protection thing. If you want us to make a deal to make you human, you need to give us something. Wait, back up! Did you say "human"? I know. I know, I wouldn't actually have a soul, but I could live with that. This is so weird. And also a waste of my time because I was in the middle of something. Okay, okay, fine. I'll give you something, a little enticement. Baited breath. Okay, sure, I have a little black book of demons, but I also have the skinny on the little thing called the Avatars. - What do you know about the Avatars? - What do you know about 'em? Didn't I tell you he'd like the dress? Stop doing that. Could we get back to the Avatars, please? I know that they're close. Closer than you think. Could be here... any minute. Kyle! Okay, powwow. Powwow. Let's go. Not you, you stay here. Okay, here's what I don't get. Why does the Seer want to be human if the Avatars are so close? You'd think she'd want to be evil if evil was about to take over. - Unless the Avatars are good. - Yeah, right. Is that possible? Either way, I need her gone and I want my boys home. So, go up to the Elders and see if you can make a deal. I'll stay with the Seer. Since we have similar powers, maybe I can tap into hers and find out what she knows. Good. Go. You've put me in an awkward position. Why didn't you tell me I was rescuing a demon? There wasn't time. Besides, we couldn't take the chance that you would say no. You take a bigger risk by parking a demon in the house. We know it's dangerous, but we're at a crossroads. Brody is a threat we didn't count on. He has the means to destroy us and the passion to turn them against us. We're taking a calculated risk in the hopes of guiding the sisters. This isn't calculated. It's foolhardy. The Seer is unpredictable. She'd out me in a heartbeat. Except she thinks you're an Elder, since she sent her message to them. We intercepted it. She'll see through me. She won't if you get her what she wants. Make the deal. Think about it, Leo. With her power, she can literally show the sisters our future, help them to understand what we're offering in a way no one else can, not even you. They should be back by now. They're dead. The witches killed them. Yeah, well, we'll all be dead soon if we don't pull out all the stops. And what stops are you pulling out, shapeshifter? You're a coward with no power. I'm just saying. I'm telling you, we should release Zankou. No way. You girls really should take better care of your things. There are some singed pages here. You should tell your demon friends to be more careful when they attack next. Look at this. You're like a family, and there's, like, pictures of fun times and stuff. Look at Wyatt. That's his first birthday. Are those my earrings? Yeah, sorry. They called out to me. You're so... close, and you like each other and you're happy, - and... - Happy and? Push harder on that shoulder. If you're not getting a premonition, you could at least work out that knot. Can't blame a girl for trying, you know? When I first started getting visions, I had to touch people too. Phone. - Phone. - Oh, phone. You're good. Hello? Darryl, now is not really a good time again. Let me call you back? All right. Not that I'm okay with you stealing my stuff, but those earrings really do look amazing on you. Then again, what wouldn't? You know, sugar, much as I enjoy the flattery and the bonding and even the touching, you're not getting anything out of me until you make me human. Okay. I get it. But what I don't get is why you want to be human. Did the bad stuff just start to get to you after a while? No. The good stuff did. In my line of work, I see a lot of good and bad, and the good's... just better. Problem is I can see it, but I can't feel it. That's the thing about vision. It's a blessing and a curse. Yep. You know, being a demon is about feeding the endless emptiness, and... I'm sick of it. I long for the... ...the subtle notes in between. The Avatars have something to do with that, right? I'm just not sure what. Right, bargaining chip. It's not like I'm being tight-lipped and mean for no reason. I can't give you what you want or I won't get what I want. I see. You're not even sure I have anything you want. Look, I want to trust you. I really do. But you're a demon. How about I help you with your other problem instead? You know, the thing with the cop... Sheridan. If I find her for you... then would you trust me? What the hell are you doing? We're wasting time. We should have orbed in. Yeah. That's why I drove, thinking maybe it would give you time to chill out. If the Avatars are on their way like the Seer says, we've got to be prepared. What is that? You're freaking me out. That's why the Avatars killed my parents. - A vanquishing potion that kills them. - I didn't know one existed. They didn't know what they found. All they knew was that this ancient civilization fought off this power with it. The Avatars went into retreat till now. Well, I think that's great. Now you have the potion, we know where it is, and we can just put it away and bring it out if we need it. Paige, I have spent my entire life preparing for this moment when I could finally meet them face-to-face. Look, you have to let my sisters and I help. This is what we do. I know you've had a lot of pain. Okay? One potion is not gonna fix everything. Would you let us help you? No, this is my fight. You don't know what I've had to do to get this far. What do you mean? I told you. I've done some things that I'm not proud of. We all have. - We don't negotiate with demons. - She could give us everything we need to go after upper-level demons. In exchange for making her human? I don't think so. We have more pressing concerns than demons. Like the Avatars. She might know something about them too. - What does she know? - She's cagey, but she might have foreseen something about them. Well, then that might be worth bargaining for. But we need to know what she knows first. Then and only then will we see about giving her what she wants. - Darryl. - You're late. Who is this? The Seer. Seer, Darryl. Darryl, Seer. Let's see if Sheridan's here, shall we? Hold on a second. You really think after all this time I wouldn't recognise a demon? - I can't believe you brought a demon! - She brought me. Go easy on him, his wife's had him sleeping on the couch all week. - How does she know that? - Seer, get it? She sees things. She's harmless, and very good at what she does. I can't hold a candle to her. Oh, that's so sweet. And so not true. And don't worry, she'll get over it. Just bring her some of that marzipan that she likes. You think Amy would like the little fruit... I can't believe I'm listening to a demon. Don't be rude. She found this place. Let's go. I was thinking that this crazy-ass stuff wouldn't happen any more, like this. I know, it's why you don't hang out with us. But you got to admit you sort of miss it. Phoebe... ...what is your demon friend doing? Okay, there's plenty of time for this when you're human. Oh, come on, take off your shoes, let me feel the grass through you. Yeah, we gotta get back before Leo does, otherwise he'll flip. You coming, Darryl? What kind of place is this? It's a mental hospital. I've never seen this side of good in my visions before. It's so... bad. Yeah. Well, there's a downside to being able to feel things sometimes. Well, I'd still take good that's not always good over bad that's never good. Somehow, I know exactly what you mean. I'd try that one. There's more. It's Sheridan. Oh, my God. I told you Brody did something to her. Paige, please pick up the phone. Pick up the phone. Leo, we need to get Paige away from Kyle before she ends up in a coma too! I can't get over the fact that you were crazy enough to take the Seer out of the house. I needed to find out if she was dating a madman. And she is, so please, Leo, you need to go get her. - I could have taken her. - I came back, didn't I? Because you need us. No, and because she likes us. Okay, are you two buddy-buddies starting to read each other? What are you afraid of? That I'm gonna tell her your dirty little secret? What makes you think I have secrets? Paige is in danger. We have to get Piper out of Magic School so we can get Paige out of Kyle's apartment. Okay, but don't go anywhere. Make sure these potions are near you. She's no good to us dead. Don't make me come back and separate you. So... Okay, if the Avatars are bad, wouldn't it be safer for you just to stay a demon? You're wondering if hubby is wrong about the Avatars. Yeah. I mean, is it possible that they're good? Is it really possible? It's a smart question. One I am sure to answer for you once I get my lap pool and the ability to feel. Fine, but first you're gonna have to ID some of your demon buddies for me. We could be making a huge mistake here. We don't have a choice. Lexonaro bestia Lexonaro Finally. Too bad The Source isn't still alive. I owe him for this. One of you was against freeing me. Who was it? It was me. The Source incarcerated you for a reason. Because you're too dangerous. I like an honest demon. - Now where's the Seer? - You know about? I could sense it all from my prison. I even know about the Avatars. The demonic forces await your word. A legion won't get past the Charmed Ones. But a shapeshifter might. I'm a shapeshifter. Good! Good. Good. Now I'm one too. Piper. Leo. Come in. Hey, guys, what's up? Well, so much for breaking it to her before it's too late. What's up is that... ...you know how Morris was looking into how maybe Sheridan... Tell 'em, Leo. Phoebe and Morris found Sheridan in a mental institution. She was in a coma. You put her there. Yeah, I actually know. Kyle told me. You know? And you're okay with this? Well, we all do things we're not proud of sometimes. Right, Leo? That was different. He shot an innocent. - With a tranq dart. - That put her in a coma. He did that to help us. She was gonna expose us. It's just temporary. She's completely safe. I will bring her out, after the Avatar threat's over. After losing a chunk of her life? You should understand sacrifice. Whatever he's done is to try to help rid the world of evil. It appears that he's the evil, not the Avatars. Are you insane? Of course they're evil. They killed my parents. Okay, this is gonna take a while to figure out. Why don't you get dressed so we can go. I'm staying here. That went swimmingly. Okay, Furies: Toxic. Emphasis on "ic". Hate me. Oh, the Grimlocks, emphasis on the "grim". Hate me. Okay, so, what I'm gathering is pretty much every demon in this book hates you? Pretty much, which is sad because they're my family. Well, I mean it would be sad if I had feelings. Well, don't worry, I'm gonna put something in the spell about that. Thanks. You really care about what happens to me, don't you? Yeah, I do... I guess. That's nice. I like that. Hey, where is Paige? - She stayed with Kyle. - What? Even after you told her? We didn't get a chance. Kyle beat us to the punch. And apparently she's okay with it. I am not okay with it. Neither am I, but first things first. We need to get this demon creature out of the house. We need the information about the Avatars so I can use it as a leverage. - You know my terms. - Your terms are ridiculous! Look, what if I guarantee you get what you want? Oh, I'm supposed to trust you now? What is with you two? Look, all I know is the Avatars are a powerful force and your secret weapon is locked in here. Phoebe, please speak to her? Okay, remember how you said that you could sense that I care about you? Well, I can sense that you care about me too. So, please give me the information that we need. I can't tell you. But I can show you. Phoebe? Hi, Aunt Phoebe! Hi, Wyatt. Hi, big guy. - Mommy, Mommy! - Oh, hi! What are you doing, my little ladybug? Mommy, Chris was scaring me about the demons again. Chris, it's not nice to tease. What did I tell you about the demons? They don't exist any more. Not since the Avatars. She's smiling, right? That's good. She's seeing Utopia. No demons. Beyond good and evil. You betrayed me. Now you pay. What? What was it? I saw the most beautiful thing ever... ...and the most terrible. Now you know why I'm doing this. Yeah, with no demons in the future, you'd be extinct. If I even get to that future, which if Zankou has his way, I won't. The future is volatile. The things we do could change it. What you saw may never happen. But if the good part of what I saw could happen, it would be great. It was incredible, I was so happy and calm and peaceful and my little girl... Oh, my God, she was so cute. Yeah, not normally big on the rugrats, but she was cute. Now I'm even more worried about Paige. Kyle wants to destroy something that could be great. Okay. Hang on a second. We don't know this for sure. You made the Avatar future seem threatening. If I made it sound peachy, you wouldn't have helped me. The fact is, I didn't see anything threatening. How about you, Leo? Okay, yeah, seriously, what is it with you two? Are you gonna tell her or shall I? I told you I liked a challenge. So, what's it gonna be? Look, apparently what she has seen is that... ...I know the Avatars are good because I'm an Avatar. What?! That's insane. What does that mean? That means I believe in what they want: A world beyond good and evil. You've been living in our house as an Avatar and you haven't told us? Look, I'm the same old Leo. Only not! You went from psycho guy to happy guy, because you became an Avatar? What changed for me was knowing that we could have this life that we always wanted, a life without demons. They showed me this peaceful world, happy, like Phoebe saw in her vision. The point is not "happy", the point is why didn't you tell me? I couldn't tell you. Everybody has to come to the truth in their own time. Leo, you know what? Don't guru-talk me. You are in far too much trouble... Okay, guys, guys. Can we just put this on hold for a second? She's right. This can wait. She can't. I've seen her vanquish. We have to make her human right now. She held up her end. It's the Elders' turn. I can't say the Seer saw Utopia. They're not gonna believe me. They will believe me. Piper's gonna help get your stuff for your new life. Get the dress that matches those earrings 'cause you're gonna look amazing in it. We'll be right back with the spell. What is she doing here? I'm here to give you what you want. So, the Seer told you something. Yes. She told us that the Avatars' future is a Utopia. That's not possible. I've seen it. It's gonna take more than that. That's why I'm here to show it to you. What did I tell you about the demons? They don't exist any more. Not since the Avatars. It's not possible. This must be some sort of a trick. You've seen the vision. Take your time sorting it out. But I will need that spell. But this might be all a sham. Then it's not the Seer's fault. She's the messenger. But you do have to honour your end of the deal. Oh, hi. I'm glad you're here. I was worried about you. I was picking up some clothes. If you're looking for your red winter jacket, I gave it to the Seer. Why, do demons feel cold? Except she won't be a demon any more. The Seer told us something about the Avatars? Better. Because of their shared power, she was able to give Phoebe her vision. How bad was it? That's the thing. According to Phoebe, it was good. You're willing to believe a demon over Kyle? I'm just trying to keep an open mind. Piper, everything we know about them points to them being killers. Don't you think that we should explore what they're all about, just in case? Explore what? How about this? You explore. When you find something out, give me a call. I'll be there to vanquish them with Kyle's potion. Okay? You know, I don't think Phoebe would mind throwing in some shoes. Oh, thanks, but I won't need them. As soon as I'm human, I'm hoping your guy will orb me to Golden Gate Park and I can finally run through that grass. Have you thought of a name for yourself? Oh, it's Kira. It always has been. It's just everyone calls me the Seer. Okay, honestly, now... ...how do I look? I've never worn anything so... ...fun. - Kira, you look great. - Thanks. Did you get the spell? Leo's got it. He's downstairs trying to convince Paige not to leave. Yeah, I know, I already tried. We're kinda pushing it here. The demon could show up any minute, so... Maybe you should get the spell. Hey... You look really great. - Sure you don't mind me borrowing it? - No, not at all. Although I'm much more of a black kind of guy myself. I think it's a lot more appropriate for a funeral. Don't you, Kira? Wait, how did you? - Hello, sugar. - Did I call you that ever? What I meant to say was, "Hello, swirling particles of scum!" You always were amusing. But still, I can't allow you to betray us all just to save your own ass. It's good to be back. That wasn't you. That was the demon from my vision. We can't keep doing this. There's gotta be a better way. There is a better way. She showed it to me and it was beautiful. I think I want to meet them. And I want you to, but... ...you need a clear mind to do so and I don't know that now's the right time. Now is the best time. You sure?