a lot more. You've known her longer. I mean, there was that whole bonding time before I was even born. Okay, she was 1 and I was 3. What did we bond over, diapers and drooling? - What are those? - Glasses, so we can watch the eclipse. They're very cool. - I made you a pair too. - Thank you. - Oh, good, you're home. - Hey. So we were sort of hoping that you could settle something for us. Sure, anything to get my mind off weddings. - What? - Nothing. No, come on, what? Okay, well, we were kind of wondering who you were gonna have as your maid of honour. Oh, well, let me think about it. I'm not allowed to invite anybody, or have a cake or a band or flowers, so, what makes you think I'll be able to have a maid of honour? Honey, it's not that bad. It's not like I'm some girly girl who wants, like, a fairy-tale wedding, but I just thought there would be some things that would be givens. Like fighting with the caterer and agonising over who makes the final cut on the guest list? Even those, I just... I just want to be able to celebrate a little. All right, maybe you're not getting your dream wedding, but you are getting your dream guy. Leo! Leo. I hate to be the bearer of bad news. Can't you possibly be the bearer of a big hug? Not after what I just found out. They want an answer, Piper, about us. Either there isn't any us, or you guys get a new 'lighter. We have till tomorrow night to decide. Tomorrow night? That's insane. But there is door number three. We can try and pull this off by tomorrow night. If we do, it's binding. They can't even break that apart. Yeah, but if they find out, they can break us apart into a thousand little pieces. Excuse me? I believe the term he used was: "Unspeakable wrath, the likes of which you can't even imagine." Look, I'm not gonna lie to you. We would be taking a huge risk. And until they get an answer, they're gonna be listening very closely. So any talk of it, any use of the W word... I hate to be the detail police, but, I mean, how are we gonna hide it from them when we're on their, like, supernatural redial? They're always gonna be tuning in. Phoebe, did you find anything in the Book of Shadows - about how to hide this? - No, nothing. I'm sorry, I'm still on the "unspeakable wrath" part. Is that just the bride and groom or does it also include bridesmaids? - Phoebe. - What? I mean, there must be some real reason that this merging is so forbidden. They're hardcore against it. Yeah, well, rules are meant to be broken. Yeah, but bodies weren't. And neither were hearts. Leo, are you sure there's a way we can do this without getting caught? If there is, we'll find it. Just be extra careful. Speak in code, and especially avoid using words like, you know... All right. You should go. The less time you spend here is probably better. And we probably shouldn't do that either. Soon. Yeah. Why are they so hell-bent on seeing each one of us so very, very alone? Kit? Kit! Leave that alone! Bad kitty! Good kitty! - Are you afraid of me? - No. Are you planning on sprouting horns, growing fangs and eating us? If you work for him, I'll do worse than that. Which him are you referring to? Okay, hi. Not that I don't enjoy the verbal Ping-Pong here, but we do have that other thing we need to figure out kind of quickly. So let's cut to the chase. Are we helping or fighting? What you saw didn't scare you? If I had a dollar for every time an owl turned into a hot guy, I'd be r... We've seen worse. If you're not here to kill us, apparently we're supposed to help you. The only help you can give is allow me to leave. I think it's pretty obvious, don't you, that we're pretty familiar with the world of magic. We're sort of on the same team here. Look, the last thing I need in my life right now is more magic. - I don't think you understand. - You're right, I don't understand. I stopped understanding when he cursed me and took my life away from me. The only thing I do understand is loss. And the only thing I want is revenge. Who did this to you? Was it a magician, a sorcerer? He was my boss. If you could give us some time, we could figure out... I lost enough time already when your cat dragged me here. Look, I only have 12 hours. And tomorrow at sunrise I am airborne again. I won't... No, I can't last another day repeating the same cycle. Tonight, this thing ends. His life, and, I hope, the curse that goes along with it. Just give us 30 seconds, please. It starts now. Okay, there are some of my boyfriend's clothes over there. Why don't you dress while we huddle? Well, he definitely has that whole tortured innocent thing going on. Yeah, but we're kind of busy, and he doesn't seem to want our help. Been there, saved that. It wouldn't be the first time. All right, you get ready just in case he decides to bolt. All right, here's what we're gonna... Oh, well, he's gone. That's too bad. Piper, we can't just ignore this. He was brought to us for a reason. Yes, but we have to find a way to hide the w... "Rutabaga" before they catch on. The rutabaga? It's a code word for the thing we're not supposed to talk about. - Oh, the rutabaga. - Yes. So let's do the divide and conquer thing, okay? Right. I'll look in the Book of Shadows and try and scry with this owl feather... ...you guys see what you can come up with for Piper's rutabaga. Maybe I should stay here and help you. Phoebe, Piper needs your help just as much as the innocent does, maybe more. I'm fully aware that we're supposed to protect the innocent. These are the rules that we live by now. I'm just not so sure we should be helping Piper break them. If our ancient compilation of spells, witchcraft and rituals can't help us, what makes you think Martha Stewart can? You know what I don't get? Why you're giving me such a hard time about this. Weren't you the same girl that was pushing me to say yes? If you didn't think I should have a rutabaga, then you should have said so, maybe like a long time ago. Back to your corners. Hi. Phoebe and... - Piper. - Piper. Right. Assistant district attorney, we have to stop meeting like this. You better be careful, a guy might think he's being followed. You better be careful, or a girl might think her sister's getting a really cheesy pickup line. So, what brings you all the way across town? I needed some source material on a forensic-psychology case. Well, I can see you're making a lot of progress. Yeah. Here's the info on forensic psychology you requested. Thanks. - Next customer, please. - Embarrassed, party of one. So who's the lucky guy? Or more importantly, who's the lucky sister? Me. Me. Mimi. Our cousin. Our cousin Mimi. Good old cousin Mimi. Love her. Well, I should probably get going. I sort of got plans to accidentally bump into another eye witness over at the Gas 'N Sip's. - Cute. - I get cuter. We go now. Gotta go. We made another killing today. When you told the traders to buy at 54 and a quarter, they were a little sketchy. Thirty minutes later, everybody's rich and they're worshipping you like a god. Magic does take a bit of the risk out of playing the market. Unfortunately, not all my risks have paid out like they were supposed to. You've heard it too? That screech. It reeks of despair. He's near, circling. He longs for her like I do. Well, give it time. I sought the magic so I wouldn't have to. It has been two months, the curse should have broken them by now! All this means nothing if I can't have what I want. And I want her. Dismissed. I'm going to cut out your heart like you cut out mine! Christopher, I'm impressed. In our time apart, you've gone and discovered courage. - Would you like to borrow some? - No, thanks, I'm trying to cut down. I have to say, I'm a bit surprised to see you've managed to come so close. Note to self, chat with security. Well, a bird's-eye view gives a man a different perspective, different strategies. Yes, the curse. So tell me, does absence make the heart grow fonder? Do you think that killing me will ease your pain? All that will do is ensure that the curse lasts forever. You rang? What's it gonna be, Chris? You've got the wrong plan. The only way your curse ends is if she gives herself to me. But is he telling the truth? I'll let you in on a little secret. I never bluff. And he rarely misses. Find him and kill him. And if you haven't by sunrise, kill every owl you see! Hey, I hope you guys had better luck than I did. Not really. I ended up with the wrong books. And, well, Phoebe almost got lucky right there in the store. So you didn't find anything? It's just that the pieces don't really seem to fit. I mean, I can understand cursing someone to be an animal, but why for only half of the day? And we don't know where he went, right? No, I tried scrying with the owl feather but it must not work while he's human. - I found something. - On the curse? No, about the rutabaga. It's a ritual that's like a rutabaga but it's called... Oh, yeah, that handf... The reason we write the bad words is so that we don't say the bad words. Wait a minute. I thought you said you looked in the Book and couldn't find anything to help me. Yeah, well, it said that we needed a high priestess. And since we don't have one of those, I just figured, why even mention it. Besides, I couldn't find anything in there about how to hide it from them, and since that's really the most important part, so that we don't have to feel the... I think you can say those words. I was hoping writing them down would help us remember them. I'm just worried that if you go through with it, it's going to be too dangerous. And that maybe... This is really hard for me to say... ...but maybe you're being a little selfish? Selfish? Yeah, because what if your rutabaga keeps us from doing our job? Keeps us from saving innocent people? I mean, what happens then? Yeah, but what about me? I mean, maybe you're right, maybe I am being selfish, but what's wrong with that? I mean, when do we get to do something for ourselves? Haven't you ever wondered that, or wanted that? Yeah, absolutely. But not at the expense of hurting other people or each other. Is that what you're afraid of, getting hurt? No, Piper, I'm afraid that you're not afraid of getting hurt. I've been through more pain in the past two years than you can imagine. And this is the only way to stop that. Now, I'd like to do the right thing... ...but I also want to be with him. - What is it? - Our innocent. And I think he was being attacked by a coyote or a wolf. All right, wait a minute. I think that this looks like the place. Sort of. That's funny, I remember it looking like the right place sort of three hours ago. Okay, look, if you wanted a supernatural LoJack, you came to the wrong witch. Wait, look. That is where Christopher was standing in my premonition. What was that? There he is. Hey! No! - Okay, Piper, hurry up, freeze him. - Wait. We don't have much time, my love. Someone's coming. He's not attacking him. Wait. Christopher wanted us to talk to you. He does? I'm vamping. It's the only way to get her to stop. Look, we met him last night. Right before he went after the sorcerer. We tried to stop him. But without your help, he'll do it again. And we both know what will happen if he does. He'll die. How do I know that you aren't working for him? You don't. You guys can't do it alone. So you're just gonna have to trust us. Trust is earned. Okay, I hate to break up the whole getting-to-know-you portion of the program, but what did Christopher mean when he said someone was coming? If Christopher went after him, then he must have sent someone after us. Why? Because he fell in love with me. This... This curse is my punishment for not returning that love. So woman by day and wolf by night? He's warning me. We have to go. All right. - Where is he? - That's the least of your problems. Have we earned your trust yet? Come on. I swear to God I've seen this in a movie somewhere. Pheebs. Upstairs, Book of Shadows, curse search, way ahead of you. Okay, you and I are gonna go to the kitchen. I'm fine, really. Let me help. Look, you are tired and hungry. Please, just let me help. Want to take a Wiccan time-out and do the crossword puzzle? Piper, about what I said before. - I didn't mean for... - Yes, you did. You never say anything you don't mean. You keep saying that it isn't like what you'd imagined. And I do understand your side of it. I mean, I have never seen anyone look at you the way Leo does. And that is beautiful, and you deserve that. But I still... I... I can't say that it's right. And I wish that I were wrong. And it's important that you know that. The problem is you're not. There's truth to it, to what you said. I can't deny that. So unless both Prue and you approve it... ...I won't go through with it. We used to leave each other notes. When this... When this first happened, I'd find them at sunrise and I'd know. I'd remember all the reasons I loved him. And then... The letters stopped. There's a limit, you know, to how much any person can take. I keep wondering... You keep asking yourself... Shouldn't love conquer all? You know, this isn't fair. It's hard enough to find somebody you can spend the rest of your life with, but when you constantly have magic meddling... I am so sick of it. I mean, I've been through it, you're going through it, and now Brooke. What love can't conquer, we will. For everybody but ourselves. Honey, the day is not over yet. We're gonna need your help if you want this to end happily ever after. I know I could use a happy ending. Do you come bearing gifts? I come bearing victory. That's an awfully small bag for awfully large prey. If you killed the right bird, we'd be looking at a dead human bleeding on my floor right now. You're foolish or deceitful. Either way, you failed. - He had help. - From whom? A pigeon, perhaps? Maybe a penguin to the rescue? Witches! And now they're with her. Their choice in company is not relevant. The fact that he still lives is. I wanted blood in my hands. I don't have his, so guess I'll have to take yours. Clean up, aisle two. Congratulations. You've just been promoted. I took a job. It was an established firm with a reputation for promoting from within. My boss was this odd man. I'd worked for nightmares before, but nothing like this. He made moves... ...I made things clear... ...he made me this. To keep you away from Christopher? He said if he couldn't have me, no one would. Until there was a night within a day. Or until I give in. I never thought... Magic was for kids' parties, it wasn't real. I didn't know. We're still kind of getting used to it ourselves. But this... This is my fault. No, you said yes to a job, not to a man. But Christopher is being punished because of me. I did this to him. That's not what he said. He doesn't blame you for anything. And he said... How strong you are. He said that? He said that it's your strength that he first fell in love with. And he just needs to know that you're not gonna give that up. Anything, anything. I curse you, you curse me. Let's get together and do a little cursing. Okay, all right. You know, I specifically asked for a... You asked for an answer. There it is. I know that voice. I should hope so. Yours came through loud and clear, so here I am. Grams. - Oh, I would hug you, but... - I know. It's just good to be here. Yeah, and not that I'm not thrilled by that fact. But a little fuzzy on the why. You need guidance. Some advice on a certain sister situation. - Am I getting warm? - Red hot. But wait a minute, if you know, that means that they know. - And if they know, we are f... - Fine. Anyway, I'm beyond them now. Secret's safe with me. But what about you, Phoebe? Do you want to tell me about that nagging concern you have in your gut? That's no fair, you have afterlife advantage. I also know you, Phoebe. Talk to me. Okay. I want to be able to support Piper in this. I want to look at her and I want to say, "Go for it." But what if her and Leo get "rutabagaed," and they find out, and then something horrible happens to them? I mean, look what happened to Mom and her special friend. And I hate to go skipping down selfish road... ...but what if, by association... You or Prue get hurt? Yeah. I want to be supportive to her, Grams, I really do, but everything in my heart is telling me that it's wrong. All valid points. But logic and reason go out the window when love gets involved. Yes, I know that, but... The Charmed Ones are destined for greatness. But that fact doesn't keep a girl warm on a cold winter's night. So add a blanket. Grams, I can't believe you're saying this. I'm saying what I know. I remember the Ioneliness all too well. You were married four times. Well, that's because I never found true love. But maybe Piper has. And when the time comes for them to make it official, they'll feel it. They'll know. - Phoebe? - Coming. Thank you. - Pheebs, a little help here, please. - Okay. - Okay. He could have killed me. - Us. So the question is, why didn't he? Because I don't want you. I want the bird. - Where is he hiding? - No! Oh, no. Oh, baby. He's gonna be all right. I know that's the right thing for you to say, but you don't know that. Now all I can do is watch him die. No, we can do a lot more than that. You know I can't. Not now. Not while they're watching. Piper, this has absolutely nothing to do with us, and everything to do with an innocent. Leo, we... I know. They told me about the bad guys. The vanquishing talk caught their ears, not the other thing. Leo's a healer. I can't heal animals. Well, we can't take him to the vet. He's not exactly an animal. He is until sunset. So you're saying we have to wait. I'm sorry. He'll be okay. 1329 Prescott Street. On the receipt. In the bag. It was there. That sounded much better in my head. They gave you our books, and you thought you'd drop them by. That wasn't so hard when you said it. I actually need the ones I bought, so if you don't mind, I... Of course you do. Okay. Actually, you know, my sisters sort of got into it today, the place is a disaster, looks like a bomb went off. So if you don't mind just waiting here, that would be great. Hi. So are you going back to the office? Justice must be served, right? Tell me about it. Phoebe? Everything okay? I was starting to get worried. - Yeah. - Hey. - Cole, Leo. Leo, Cole. - Nice to meet you. Pleasure. - Sorry to... - No, no. I was just leaving. Really need to take care of some business. Whitelighters always were messy. Report this. Did you ever think? Did you ever consider that maybe it wasn't meant to be? I mean, things happen for a reason, right? Maybe it's not worth the risk to be together. If you don't take the risk for love, then what do you take it for? Leo, wait. Leo. Wait. You can't do that. You cannot come in to the end of a conversation and assume that you know everything. All right. Let's pretend that I don't know anything, then. Explain it to me. I wasn't questioning you. I was questioning our decision. Then ask me your questions. Don't you think I would like to? Honestly, I don't know what you're thinking. Well, what I'm thinking is, maybe Phoebe is right. Maybe we're being selfish. Our decision affects other people. Other people that I happen to love. - I love them too, Piper. - I know. I know that. Look, you are the last person I want to be fighting with right now. - Then let's stop. - Leo, if we get... If you and... Okay, let me try that again. Brooke and Christopher love each other very much. But in the end, that didn't matter. We haven't reached the end yet. Have a little faith. Don't you think this scares me too? Don't you think that I have my doubts? - Do you? - Of course I do. What I'm trying to say is, I know what Christopher must feel. You know, always worried about the timing, about how he has to live his life. Knowing what his true feelings are, but unable to share those with the one person that he has them for. She knows. But it doesn't fix everything. You've gotta give it a chance. Logic and reason go out the window when love gets involved. Wait a minute, I thought you said that... Yeah, well, I got a long-distance call with some really good advice. But we still haven't figured out how to pull it off. When the time's right, you'll know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I can't let you die. Please forgive me. Please forgive me. That's quite a turnaround for you, sis. - Who's your new confidante? - Huh? I think she means your advice-giver? It was just... Oh, my God. Nice try, Pheebs, but the distraction technique stopped working in third grade. No, it's not a technique. It's an eclipse. Look at it. No, wait! Don't look at it. Trust me. I totally forgot that the eclipse was today. A night within a day. - I'm sorry, please repeat. - The curse. The eclipse. "Until a night within a day," isn't that what Brooke said? That's what's gonna break the curse. Prue, it's happening! Leo, it just happened. Please help him. This proves the theory. It's the eclipse. You're not going anywhere. - Brooke... - Look, just rest, okay? - We'll tell her while we... - You can't, she's gone. What do you mean gone? She was in the kitchen when I left. She's gone to him, hasn't she? All right, we'll handle it while Leo works on you. Thank you. I don't understand. Why would Brooke go to him? She didn't trust that you would be able to save me, but she knows that she can. - How? - The curse. If at any time she agrees to be with him, and seals that pledge with a kiss... She'll be forever bound. - But the eclipse changes that. - Yeah, but she doesn't know that. If he's off the radar, then he's more than failed. Which leaves a space open for one of you to fill. And you do that by killing the owl! I was hoping you would take me instead. Aren't you going to kiss me? Brooke, I may be cheap but I'm not easy. No, wait. Yes, I am. You're only doing this to save him, aren't you? That's okay. It's quite obvious. You know what? I don't care. You'll grow to love me. I have your assurance that Christopher will not be harmed again? You have my love, isn't that enough? T-minus and counting. Then we get to break into Attica. Well, we do have other choices. We can climb the roof. Or see if there's a convenient and unguarded side entrance. Or we could use the Wonder Twin powers. - I don't feel so... - What is it? I don't know. I don't have a good feeling about this. Wait a minute. I take that back. I do have a good feeling about it, about something. I feel all warm and fuzzy. - Is it your stomach? - No. It's here. When the time is right, you'll know. Oh, my God. The time is right. - The time for what? - The wed... The rutabaga. It's gotta be the eclipse. If we can't look up, that must mean that they can't look down. This is it, this is it. Okay, all we have to do is get home and... And do the ritual, and let Leo know, and call the florist, and we gotta do... - What's...? What? - We've gotta get to Brooke. Right, we've gotta get to Brooke and then we gotta get home. No, we only have time for one. - So we either save Brooke... - Piper, go home. Of all people, I understand this, all right, and so would Brooke. I can handle this on my own. No. All right. We go in the front. Oh, look, it's the Girl Scouts. Set your Thin Mints down on the table and leave before you get yourselves hurt. - Let her go. - I have no fear of witches. Maybe not, but how do you feel about true love? That's not possible. If I can't have her, no one will! Anyone got a vanquish in their pocket? Oh, let's not get rid of him just yet. I want him to watch this for a little bit. Okay, go ahead. I don't know what to say. How can we thank you? You already have. Oh, Piper, I think I have a solution to the whole maid of honour thing. Oh, me too. What about our distinct lack of a high priestess? Would you please just let me worry about that. Girls, your high priestess is waiting. Unfortunately, the eclipse is not. Now, let's move it. That would be your cue, maids of honour. You look beautiful. I know it's not exactly how you wanted it. But it's exactly what I wanted. Grams. How could this happen? What did we do? Listen to me, darling. It's going to be okay. We will fix this. We have to. This is all my fault. He doesn't deserve to be... Oh, I don't think I can do this. You do good work. To get close to the Halliwells with no suspicion. Splendid. And we were pleased that you informed us of the witch's nuptials. The pleasure was mine. And the displeasure was theirs when the information was shared. You've gained useful knowledge of the Charmed Ones. Now you must gain their trust. Others have failed. Others weren't me. So, what is next? The wedding was child's play. A perk, if you will. I'm focusing my attentions on Phoebe. She's my way in.