forced that premonition. Darryl, will you hurry up? I got a date. Where's he gonna be? At a restaurant downtown. No, I meant where is the killer going to be? Oh, he's gonna be robbing a pawnshop in the alley. So exactly how do we know that he's possessed? When the phantasm comes out of him and tries to annihilate us. Wait, so the perp is not responsible for the other killings, it's this, - whatever you call it? - No, he is. The phantasm only possesses bad guys to make them worse. Okay, shall we? She really wants this demon, doesn't she? No, she really wants her date. Okay, go, go. Okay, well, just make sure you do your thing before any annihilating occurs, okay? Have we ever let you down? Go. Freeze. Police. Wait, not yet. Throw the potion. Mother of God. Now, now. - Do you want it? - No. You guys saved my life. That's okay, we put you at risk, again. You caught a killer, you saved an innocent, not bad for a night's work. I gotta go. Tell Sheila I said hi, okay? Yeah. I'll call it in. You guys better get on out of here before... ...somebody sees you. Hey, was that car there before? Jeez, Paige, relax. You act like we've never done this before. Gotcha. Morning, how was your date? Good, other than the fact that he's not the man of my dreams. - You can tell after one date? - No, I could tell that because I see nothing in the future for us besides sex. - And I'm not interested in that. - Sex? No, wasting my time. Either you're the father of the child that I saw in my vision or not. So I'm moving on. Can you pass me the asphodel root, please? Yeah, what are you, demon hunting? No, lunch date. I wanna make sure I get a hit off of him before the entrées come. No sense wasting those calories, right? Wait a second, so now you're trying to force premonitions on your dates? It's the quickest way to find out who I'm looking for. Does it even matter to you that you're breaking every Wiccan rule that exists? I think after all these years, I know what I'm doing. Besides with Piper in Magic School, we're down a power. We could use the extra boost. Maybe, I just hope we don't misuse it. - There's the Book, do you mind? - No, knock yourself out. I've been working some demonic connections. I have a theory on who's trying to turn Wyatt evil. Oh, a new theory. What's that, like, the third one this week? - Are you keeping score now? - She's grumpy. She hasn't had coffee. I am not grumpy. Okay, fine. Maybe a little bit, but you have to admit you've had a lot of different theories lately, and none of them have panned out. That's why they call them theories. Do we even get along in the future? How's Piper? Have you seen her? She's good, big. You know, I keep thinking how weird it's gonna be to actually see myself being born. - And how's Leo? - Leo? Don't know, haven't seen him. That's because you're avoiding him still, aren't you? Chris, he's your father, you have to talk to him. How are you gonna change the future if you don't? That's not the future I came back to change. Thanks. Hey, don't look at me, I'm grumpy. Sheila, what's the matter? Come in, come in, come in, come in. What's going on? - It's Darryl. - What about Darryl? Is he okay? They just arrested him... ...for murder. I don't really know what happened. - It's all kind of a blur. - What are you talking about? It was self-defence, he shot first, several times. - He did? - You don't remember any of that? Did you get hit on the head or something? - Maybe when you pushed him down. - No, he was fine after that. Something weird is going on here. Lieutenant Morris, I'm sorry, but we really have to prepare for your arraignment. It's okay, they're my friends. Yeah, there's a problem here because this man is innocent. - Yeah? How do you know? - Because I was there... ...driving around in the area. - Perjuring yourself isn't gonna help any, lady. The prosecution's evidence is overwhelming. Trust me. Evidence, what evidence? It's okay. Show them. Please. Please, don't kill me. No. Don't kill me. That's not what happened. Inspector Sheridan? - Yes. - We would like to talk to you. - Easy. - Do you have a personal grudge - against Darryl Morris? - Morris? Yeah, we know you faked the images on the tape. And we're here to let you know that we won't watch you frame our friend. - She's a little upset. - Yes, I can see that. - And you are? - Phoebe. Phoebe Halliwell. Halliwell. Your name certainly pops up in his file plenty. For the record, I didn't fake anything because I was there undercover. And I saw it go down with my own eyes. I've been investigating Morris for a few weeks now trying to figure out why so many of his suspects over the last five years just vanish or mysteriously wind up dead. Now I know. He takes the law into his own hands. Excuse me. - Well? - If she was lying, I couldn't sense it. Then how do you explain what happened? - Sure hope this works. - It will. - Coffee cart. - Cart away. Flowers that bring desire Make them turn into fire - I see you got our message. - What do you think you're doing now? Well, we didn't know how else to call for you. Figured you weren't listed - in the Yellow Pages. - What do you want? We wanna know why you framed Darryl Morris. That was your doing, wasn't it? Magic was exposed, we were forced to clean it up. - Change what was. - To protect you. I thought we resolved this the last time you guys tried to intervene. We clean up our own magical messes. But you didn't even know about this one. You didn't realize you were being followed, taped. Yeah, but we always manage to fix these things somehow. No, you wouldn't have. That's why we were put on the case to begin with, it was - anticipated. - You know what, I don't care. If you don't free Darryl Morris, we're just gonna keep exposing magic and... This will not be like our last encounter, Miss Halliwell. We're under strict orders not to negotiate with you this time. Strict orders from whom? The Tribunal. It's a council made up of Elders and demons to monitor magic, to make sure nobody ever finds out about its use. At whatever the cost. Which is why they created the Cleaners, and gave them the power to erase events, memories. Or in this case, to change them. Well, it's just part of the grand design to allow magic to influence but not take over - free will. - It's the thing both sides could agree upon. Okay, so how do we find this Tribunal? Hey, what are you guys doing here? - What's wrong? - It's Darryl. Our friendly Cleaners have struck again. He's in jail for murder. What, why, what happened? Someone was in a hurry. Oh, wait, are we blaming me for this? Did we or did we not catch the demon? Yeah, but you forced the premonition, so maybe we could have been more careful, and maybe we could have seen that somebody - was watching. - We'd have never caught the killer. All right, guys, this isn't helping. I know, it isn't. There's only one thing that will. Where are we? Nowhere. Anywhere. You don't want to know. You should know that the Tribunal is not like anything you've ever faced before. They are not a power to be trifled with. - We understand. - Do you? You might not like what's been happening to your friend. But be aware before you embark upon this journey that where it ends might just be worse. Call them. What reason have you to call the Tribunal? To challenge the actions of the Cleaners on behalf... ...of the Charmed Ones. - The Charmed Ones? But there are only two. The other is with child. I assume the sisters will speak for her in absentia. Yeah, in absentia, Your Greatness? There's four of them, how do they break a tie? You don't wanna know. Your request has been granted. Barbas. - What the hell is he doing here? - You missed me. Didn't we vanquish you? To the fires of hell. I've been granted a temporary leave of absence in order to act as your opposing counsel. We liked his pitch. Pitch? What pitch? How did he even know about it? We have the right to choose anybody we wish. - Gideon. - Your Honours, in the interests of fair... On that fairness issue, I submit that in order to expedite matters and to keep the Charmed Ones honest... Us honest? For their own good, we graphically remind them as to what exactly is at stake here so they do not foolishly try some trickery in order to slip away like they did the last time they faced the Cleaners. It is done. - What is done? - I'm not sure. Darryl. The governor denied the stay. What stay? What's going on? We have accelerated time, but only for the execution. Execution? You have until midnight to convince us - or his sentence will be carried out. - Magic will be protected, one way or the other. We didn't know that signing up for this would put Darryl on death row. I warned you about invoking the Tribunal. Yeah, well, you didn't warn us that they would call upon our worst enemy. Gideon, your case. Yes, Your Honour, just a few more moments, if you please. We don't. You're the ones who called for us, proceed. We called for justice, not the Demon of Fear. I don't see the problem with me being here. There's a conflict of interest, and we believe that the Tribunal should recognize this. - I think this is a setup. - Phoebe. How dare you question our integrity. Not yours, theirs. Barbas has tried to kill us three times in the past. Mrs. Joffee? It's SWA Properties. Hello, dear. Thanks so much for coming out. I know how you kill, but there are no elevators around here. Elevators? That's what you think your greatest fear is? You mortals need to look deeper. Down where the real truth lies. Your greatest fear is losing a sister, and I get two for one. The good old days. - What was that? - The Circle of Truth. It's enchanted. It reads thoughts and shows them. You must be careful. Maybe you'd better just sit down. If I may? It is not my past evils that's in question here. What is in question here is these three witches' so called right to be continually cleaning up - after their own magical asses. - We have to get out of here. - We have to figure this out. - You can't. If you leave, Lieutenant Morris dies. Does it really matter if we were set up? The point is, we were exposed. But if we can prove he orchestrated the exposure, it might. Go find out what you can, hurry. Was I boring him? With all due respect, if it truly is our case to present, may I? To better put this particular situation into its proper context, it bears reminding Your Honours of the long history, the long successful history, the Charmed Ones have of shielding their magical tracks. If I may show you some examples. - I'm going. - No, you can't. Well, I can't just let them hang either, Leo. If it wasn't safe for you before, it's even less so now - with Barbas there. Please. - Well, what about Darryl? - Does he know what's happening? - No, I'm not gonna tell him. I need to concentrate on proving Barbas' set up. How are you gonna do that? I was hoping that you would call Chris to use his demonic connections. Why don't you ask him? Right. Chris? Yeah, Mom, what do you... ...need? We need your help. The point being, the Charmed Ones have never once failed in their duty to keep the big secret. Witness. I made an appointment with you at Missing Persons today. Wait, you want Phoebe to report Cole as missing? She has to, otherwise somebody else will, and she'll become the prime suspect in his disappearance. So you want me to pack up his stuff so it looks like he left me. That's right. We cannot give the police any reason to suspect foul play. I mean, technically, you three did kill him. Let the object of objection Become but a dream As I cause the seen to be unseen As you've just seen, Lieutenant Morris whom the Cleaners would have die to cover magic is here instrumental in keeping it protected. Would you play that hologram just a tiny bit longer? Humour me. Do it. I just wish I could make the rest of your pain go away that easily. So do I. You murdering witch! That's not fair, I was under the influence of evil. Yes, you were. But then it seems like you girls are so often under the influence of one thing or another. Your husband fits the classic profile of a deadbeat dad. - Make it go out. - I can't make it go out! Phoebe? I mean, fire! Wait, you're gonna love this one. So glad you're home. We have some new floral sketches - we'd like you to see. - Now's not really a good time. They're welcome to come in, Leo. I've revisited the dinner menu, Piper, and you are going to be thrilled. I have some dynamic choices that l... I want pigs in blankets. It's nice to see a bride who still has a sense of humour this close to the big day. No, I want pigs in blankets. I frankly don't see the relevance of any of this. It's wholly beside the point. No, no, no, that is precisely the point. The Charmed Ones are so influenced by outside forces, how can we ever expect to continue to trust them - to clean up after themselves? - We cleaned up after each and every one of those situations. But how close you came to not. Continue, Gideon. Where is Leo? Barbas escaped the fires of hell and so did you. I know he helped you. Please, I don't wanna go back down there. - Don't throw me back down there. - Chris, I don't - think this is the best way. - Last chance, Phinks. Okay, okay. Phantasms, we used phantasms. - How? - Barbas buddied up to a couple of them down there. He used them to do stuff for him, you know, - since they go back and forth. - What kind of stuff? I don't know. I swear I don't know. But whatever it was, he said that it could resurrect him somehow. It could give him new life permanently too. He said if he won something. The case. He must've used a phantasm to cut a deal with the demon members of the Tribunal. - We need proof. - What do you think he is? - A demon, they'll discredit him. - It's better than nothing. - It's a waste of time. - It's the best we've got. - Then we need to do better. - Look... Shoot. Now look what you made me do. Piper, what did you do with the house? Oh, my God. - What have I done? - The spell, Piper, - you need to reverse it, fast. - I'm not sure I can. Then make us disappear because this one will be tough to explain. You can do it, Piper, come on. Let the object of objection return So that its existence May be reaffirmed Nicely done. So then despite what Barbas would have you believe, regardless of outside influences, the sisters have always managed to protect magic. And therefore based upon all the evidence, we ask the Tribunal... No, we demand that the Cleaners be forced to reverse what they have done, that Lieutenant Morris be freed, and that the Charmed Ones be allowed to do what they have always done so well, cover their own tracks, respectfully. Bravo. Bravo. Really very compelling stuff, counsel. In fact I think that you have just successfully argued my case for me. Now what's he up to? Now, obviously, this whole thing has now become much, much bigger than the simple case of whether the good lieutenant bites the dust because, as we have just seen, the recklessness displayed by these three witches has now become of epidemic proportions. Objection. May I remind my counterpart that this is simply a question of whether or not the situation should be reversed. It is not an indictment on the Charmed Ones. Maybe it should be. This is what he's up to. Voilá. They don't have to move. They can stay for a year. Ten years. What about the cockroaches? Are you gonna do something about them? First thing tomorrow. Just please, don't drop me. Please! Phoebe? Cole? What are you doing here? Well, I got a call from one of the tenants saying that Wonder Woman was terrorizing the landlord. What the hell are you doing? Well, I'm teaching my buddy here how important it is to be a better person. I don't know what's going on here, but this is not you, literally. Are you kidding? This is better than me. This is new-and-improved me. Now not only can I help my readers, but I can help the entire city. - Careful, he's got ears. - Oh, please, relax. The only thing he can hear right now is his blood rushing to his brain. Okay, Cole, I gotta go. Because I have a lot of loyal readers that need my help. - Okay? - Okay. And last but by no means least, where were the Charmed Ones to clean up this mess? All your valuables, all your money! Hurry up! Watches, wallets... Come on, nothing's changed. Give me the money! Hurry up! That is absurd. That was Cole, we weren't responsible for that. - We weren't even there. - But you were there, Phoebe. It was your cold rejection of his love that drove him to that reckless despair. So I say that you are responsible. Hexes, possession, evil influences, affairs of the heart. I say we're lucky that all the magic has not been exposed beyond repair long before now. If we want to protect all that we are, all that this Tribunal stands for, then I say we should not be just deciding the fate of some, poor pathetic mortal. No, we should be deciding the fate of these three and whether they should ever be permitted to practice magic again. So be it. Okay, I get the fact that Barbas used the phantasm to cut a deal so he could try the case, but that still doesn't explain how he set up the girls. To get her to possess the killer so the sisters would get on to him. But that's only part of it. All right, how did he even know Darryl was - under investigation in the first place? - There is nothing in here - about phantasms that we don't know. - Hey. - Did you listen to a word I just said? - What? - Never mind. - All right, you know what, this is ridiculous. Okay, it's obvious you hate my guts, Chris. I understand. I'm a bad father in the future, but there's nothing I can do about that right now. So can we concentrate on working together to save Darryl, to save the girls, please? - Fine. - Great. All right, let's start with what we know, huh? How about phantasms? Wait, that's it. Phantasms, plural. Phinks said Barbas buddied up to a couple of them, right? That means there must be another one out there for us to find. Yeah, see? I knew we could work together. Yeah. Are you sure about this? Yeah, if they're gonna put us on trial too, it might be the only way to save Darryl. We have to stand on our record. If all the good we've done in the last six years isn't good enough, then nothing is. Very well. Your witness. Well, let's see, so many holograms, so little time. - Barbas. - Well, l... I guess I should ask one of the Cleaners a few quick questions. As you wish. You have been assigned to watch the Charmed Ones since they first became witches. Have you not? That is correct. Would Lieutenant Morris be the first policeman to die in order to clean up one of their little magical messes? No. - You okay? - Yeah. Oh, my God. He's dead. Truly tragic. That was their sister Prue's first true love. Wonder whatever happened to her. Don't. - It's not worth it. - Anyone else? Yes. Inspector Reece. We had to keep a close watch on him. Inspector. How can I help you? You can tell me where to find Cole Turner. I know he's alive, and I know he's in town. - Really? - Yeah, really. You wanna know how? Because his former landlady was found brutally murdered at his address. Oh, my God. That's awful. Awful like you can't imagine. I know what you're thinking. And I know what this looks like. And I am... I am so sorry - for what happened to... - Sorry? Her eyes were open in terror. Her skull was punctured in two places, and by the time the police got there, most of her brain had spilled out onto the floor. Be sick, be horrified. But don't stand there lying to me and say you're sorry. I'm gonna find him, Miss Halliwell, and then I'm gonna bust his ass, and then I'm gonna bust yours. And did he find him? No. He did not. Open the gate. We're real lucky one of those demons came along and tied up that loose end, aren't we? It's a rhetorical question. Never mind. There was another. An FBI agent. That's right. In case you're wondering, that's just a copy. Nice way to engender trust, Agent Jackman. If I wanted to expose you, I could have done that six months ago when that file first crossed my desk. Expose us as what? Witches. It's the only logical explanation for all the unsolved cases, the missing persons, the mysterious deaths. That is out of context. He was a witch hunter, he tried to kill us. The only context I'm interested in is what happened to yet another officer of the law? Witness. Seems like that stream of unsolved deaths left in the Charmed Ones' wake just keeps right on growing, doesn't it? So I guess the obvious question is, how many more inspectors must die before it comes to an end? - Another rhetorical question. - Actually, no. In fact... ...that is what I think becomes the salient question because the deaths could end with Lieutenant Morris, that's what I think. What do you think? Objection. - Why should we care what he thinks? - Phoebe. I care. Yeah, well, of course, you care, you're a demon. I care too. Well, then never mind. I think there will always be another... ...lnspector Sheridan to pick up on their trail. - Wait a minute. - Unless... It ends with Morris. - What? - No further questions, rhetorical or otherwise. Oh, sorry, did you have more questions of him? Yes, as a matter of fact. No, we're fine. - Carry on. - Paige, what are you doing? Unfortunately for us, ending the stream of deaths with Morris only solves our problem with the past and does absolutely nothing to protect us against our future problems. So how much longer can we afford to tempt the gods of fate with the recklessness of the Charmed Ones? And at what point does that day finally come when it's just simply too late to clean up after one of their little magical messes? And then all of magic is exposed to the world forever because of them. And that, that's the question you're going to have to answer because I rest my case. Gideon? Nothing further. We will return with the verdict. Okay, this better be good. Leo? Hey, you guys are speaking now. Let's not make a big deal about it, okay? - Fine, what did you find out? - That phantasm you vanquished, - Barbas sent it so you'd follow it. - Yeah, apparently he gets a get-out-of-hell-free card, too, if he wins the case. - I knew this was a setup. - But we can't prove it so we've tried to find another but we can't... If it's anywhere, it has to be inside Inspector Sheridan. It's the only way Barbas knew she'd be in the right place at the right time. Okay, go get her. Bring her back here, hurry. Piper, what are you doing here? How'd you do that? It's why they call it Magic School. Come on, - I'm gonna get you out of here. - What? - Right now, let's go. - What do you mean, just leave? That's the idea. - No. - What do you mean, no? We'll figure it out, we'll fix it later. No, Piper. I can't. What if you can't fix this? What am I supposed to do then? Run? Hide? That's not right. I'm no fugitive. I'm a cop. - How did I get here? - Piper, what are you doing here? - I don't know. - Well, why don't you go back? Go. She can't. We have brought her to hear the judgment. Since it impacts all of you. This doesn't look good. Where the hell is Leo? As to whether or not the Charmed Ones shall be allowed to continue to practice magic, the judgment is in favour of the sisters. But against the lieutenant. The trail of exposure must end with him. I'm afraid it's time. No, no, no. - No, please, please, no. - Baby, baby, baby. No, no. Let's go. You have got to be kidding me, right? I mean, you can't really be doing this. Phoebe, they have already. Look, he doesn't care about protecting magic. All he cares about is himself and getting out of purgatory. So not only did he set us up, but he set you up too. Always trying to blame somebody else, aren't you? - You son of a... - Listen, you have to stop this, do you understand? They haven't taken your powers. But they still can. Then let them. If this is the thanks that we get for all of our good work, if this is the way the system works, then you can keep our stupid powers. - Paige. - No, she's right. If Darryl dies, that's it, we're done. We quit. You know, that would solve any of our future exposure issues, now, wouldn't it? You'd have us erase your memories? Change all that you know? All that you are? If necessary. Very well. Get off of me. What is this? Where, where am I? - That's a nice act, it's very convincing. - Objection. You cannot bring a mortal down here, it is outrageous. Sit down and shut up. What is the meaning of this? Watch. - What now? - I'm surrounded by idiots. Guess there's some cleaning up to do there. What do you have to say for yourself, Barbas? I'm a demon, what do you expect? Based on the evidence, I beg you to reverse the decision before it's too late. Darryl? Did you forget we were gonna go out tonight? It is done. And as for you, Barbas... No, wait, wait, wait. Now, just because I'm the one that set this whole thing up does not necessarily mean that I am not right. The Charmed Ones are reckless with magic. - Oh, please. - You've seen it, I've seen it, we've all seen it time after time and it doesn't even include what got them into this whole mess in the first place. I think that would be you. No, Phoebe, that would be you. With your ongoing zeal to force your premonitions to short-circuit the process, take the easy way and for what? Each and every time it was for personal gain. I don't know, but just seems to me like it's for selfish behaviour like that, there's got to be some consequences or, well, what's the point? Phoebe will be stripped of her powers. - What? - Just your active powers. - Empathy, premonitions. - Levitation. You can earn them back. But only if you're more careful with your powers. If you're all more careful. You can't just say that and leave. - Gideon, get them back here now. - No. It's okay. I mean, it might be kind of refreshing to not rely on my powers so much anymore, you know. Besides, they're not the only ones that think I've been misusing them. Are you sure? Yeah. Let's get out of here. Looks like I did just enough to win the case. You know what that means? That means I'm back. I know, counsellor. I know. You're afraid. And your greatest fear is that somehow they're going to find out that you're the one that's after Piper's son. But don't be worried.