when the gamemasters themselves take on not just any witches, but the legendary Charmed Ones. It'll be winner takes all, and we will take all. Their lives, their powers, and last but not least, their progeny. Sorry I'm late. I'm not moving real fast these days. Are you sure you don't wanna be born any time soon already? - Don't be in such a hurry. - I hate to rush things, but what do you say we get this family meeting started? You know, you could cut back on those triple lattes a little bit. Hey, where's Leo? He's on the witch killer path, which you all should be focusing on as well. We actually have bigger things to deal with, Gideon. Like trying to figure out who's after Wyatt. And I think I might have an angle on that. - You found the demon? - It may not be a demon. Look, we've relied on magic all this time and it's gotten us nowhere. And since I can't rely on my premonitions to help, I've had to resort to statistics. - Statistics? - Yes. Did you know that 50 percent of violent crimes are perpetrated by someone the victim knew? So don't you see? Whoever turns Wyatt evil might actually be someone we know or even care about. A mortal? Lmpossible. Really? Because the crime reporter at the newspaper said that it's usually someone you least expect. All right, now you're making me nervous. Phoebe, this theory might make sense in the lives of normal people, but you aren't normal people. There's an entire underworld of demons out there who want you dead, and today is no exception, which brings me back to the witch killer. Hold up, Phoebe's onto something here. I mean, we've practically overturned every demonic stone, right? - At least this is new. - I don't believe this. Someone is killing witches, possibly as we speak. How is that not your only priority? Because we're running out of time. What do you mean? Why? - I should have told you sooner. - Told us what? What happens to Wyatt happens before I'm born. - What? - And you're just telling us this now? I thought I'd given myself enough time. I'm so sorry. Then how do we know that this witch killer isn't the one that's after Wyatt? Given this new information, it seems to time out properly. Okay, it's time to divide and conquer. Paige and Chris, you help Leo with the witch killer. I'm gonna go chase my theory. And Piper, you don't worry. We're gonna find this guy, I promise. Is something wrong, sir? Yes, as a matter of fact, there is. I think they're just about to figure us out. What'd I ever do to you? You're sure he's a demon, right? That give you the right to commit unprovoked violence against me? Tell us everything about the witches that were murdered. I don't know anything, I swear. Oh, the witches. Well, the one last night, she put on a great show. She shot fire from her hands and she put up a great fight. Why did you just do that? He was just starting to talk. He was lying. A, there was no witch murdered last night, and B... Another witch was killed last night. - You were saying? - That's a coincidence. There's no way he could have been there to see that. Did she shoot fire out of her hands? Yeah, how did you know? More to the point, how did he know? Maybe he was working for an upper-level demon. Oh, right, we just happened to trap the apprentice to the exact demon that we're trying to catch and know nothing about. - What are we talking about? - Paige vanquished our lucky break. - You don't know that. - What do we know? Well, we know that one demon can't possibly be doing all of these killings, so I'm thinking that someone is getting demons to join forces. You think somebody is trying to organize the underworld? Seems like it. And unfortunately, I seem to be the only person concerned about the fact that Phoebe is out there, roaming around in the world without any powers. Without her active powers. She can still cast spells. Right, so when a demon attacks her, let's hope that Phoebe can come up with a little rhyme just in time. No, no, no. I'm gonna go bring her some potions. - Well, what should we do? - Pray that she doesn't get attacked. - And what do I get out of it? - Fame, glory, the respect of the entire underworld. And, of course, the powers of the witch you kill. If you win. If I play, I'll win. A demon of your considerable power, we have no doubt. As long as it's entertaining. Just out of curiosity, how did you come up with the idea anyway? We can't take all the credit. You'd think demons would have invented reality television, but somehow humans beat us to it. Still, it's the best idea we ever stole. And demons everywhere love to watch. So if you're ready to play, just draw your blood and sign on the dotted line. Draw my blood? Why? So that your powers, should you for any reason lose, will revert to us. My powers? You gotta be kidding me. There's no way I'm signing... I thought you were planning to win. And if you don't, you'll be dead. You won't need your powers. But it doesn't mean I want you to have them. It's quite a racket you got going on here. Get all these guys to sign their powers over to you, and then risk their lives all for some chance to kill some stupid witch? No, the witch is not the point. The point is fame. The point is... Fortune. Yeah, I got it. That may work on the silly morons you have playing this game so far, but it won't work on me. If we don't get an upper-level demon, we will never collect the powers we need. We just have to be patient. As the game gains in popularity, more and more powerful demons will want to play. How do you know? Because if human beings are foaming at the mouth to humiliate themselves on national television, and they are, then demons are an easy mark. Upper-level humans? Donald Trump has his own show. Just be patient, my love. And together, we'll rule the underworld. It's an old goal, but a good one. Disarm and I will reveal myself. - What is that, an Elder? - Kill him. What I have to offer is far better than anything my death will ever bring you. Hi, I'm sorry to bother you again. You seem super busy. - You're always super busy. - That's why I chose crime beat. So many bad guys, I knew I'd never be out of work. That's funny. You are funny. Thanks for those statistics, they really helped me. - Are you flirting with me? - What? When a woman who looks like you flirts with me, it means they want something. Okay. Yeah, you got me. I'm interested in dedicating a month of my column to the protection of our children. And I was sort of wondering, you know, if something, God forbid, were to happen to my nephew Wyatt, what do you think the police might do to try to figure out who did it? - They'd make a flow chart. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry, a what? You do realize that I'm on a deadline here, right? Should I go back to the flirting? - I guess I could use some coffee. - That's great. You're great. I'm buying. - Oh, my God. - What? You gotta just give me one second. Have you lost your mind? No, another witch was killed last night. - Oh, no. - Oh, yes. And she had active powers. So I need you to go home where I can keep an eye on you. Paige, you're my baby sister, not my babysitter. Oh, that's clever. You're very clever. I'm glad while I'm panicking you have the time to be clever. Okay, it's sweet that you're worried. I'm fine, and have a lot of work to do. - Do your work from home. - I can't do it from home because Kyle Donie is not at home. Who's Kyle Donie? Is this about a guy? No, it's not about a guy, it's about a reporter. One who knows everything there is to know about criminal investigation. Since we don't have Darryl's help anymore, he's the only resource I have. Fine. Explosive, acid, smoke bomb. Use them. Thanks, Mom. Okay, where were we? Oh, you were flirting with me poorly, and I was helping you find your bad guy. If I could find you through my demonic contacts, then how long do you think it'll be before the Charmed Ones find you and shut you down? They know about the witch killings, so it's really only a matter of time. And you're here to warn us? No, I'm here to help you. Now, why don't I believe that? I need the Charmed Ones distracted for a while whilst I accomplish an important mission. I thought your game might be the perfect thing. You want us to target the Charmed Ones? No, I want you to use them. Make them your next stunt, if you will. We'll plant a witch in their care, have her be the next target in your game. Your contestants will have to get past them to get to her. Get past the power of three? That's a suicide mission. No one will sign up. The power of three isn't a factor because Piper is convalescing at my school for the duration of her pregnancy. It would draw upper-level demons. I don't trust him. Why would an Elder sacrifice an innocent witch or put the Charmed Ones in danger? I don't, and that's part of the deal. There will be no blood drawn. You will set up a series of tasks. Have the demons... Oh, I don't know, steal something from the witch to begin with. Let it escalate from there. Steal something? If you kill innocents, or in any way harm Charmed Ones, then your game will be over and you will be dead. - Understand? - We don't take kindly to threats, Elder. How would we put the witch target into their care, or, say, put them under surveillance? Get the contestants ready. Put a witch under non-lethal attack and I'll take care of the rest. The cameras? - Clever. - Thanks. Don't disappoint me. What's the matter with you? Why do you trust him? I don't. But with all the powers that we'll get from the demons who sign up, we'll have more than enough to kill him when the time comes. As well as the Charmed Ones. So, what is it we're looking for? Any demon powerful enough to be organizing the underworld, or any demon who might be running some sort of training camp for younger demons, - or any demon that could be... - So basically any demon. Yeah. This sucks, you know that? We're running out of time and we've got nothing, repeat, nothing to go on. We've faced worse. What's worse than not knowing? For over a year now, I've been looking. And you didn't know this deadline was looming, but I did. I knew every single day. - That's why I was never able to relax. - Why didn't you tell us? Because I didn't wanna get you involved. I was trying to protect you. Chris, we're your parents. We're supposed to protect you, not the other way around. Hey, I got a new scrying crystal. Amethyst. I thought we could use the extra power boost. What exactly are we scrying for? Witches under attack. I don't want any more getting killed. And that includes my sister, who's now determined to stay at the office ever since your son dropped his little bomb this morning. I already said I was sorry. And he shouldn't have to say it again. All right, Dad. Gideon, what are you doing here? Is Piper okay? Hardly. Thanks to Phoebe's ludicrous theory, everybody's a suspect in her mind. She's terrorizing the entire school. So you want me to talk to her? I'd be eternally grateful. What are you scrying for? Witches under attack. Got one, in the Mission. You should both go. Hurry. No. Help! That what you were hoping for? Hey, help me! Got it. Damn it. - What the hell just happened? - I don't know. Wait, who are you? We're the Charmed... One. Come on, I'll take you somewhere safe, okay? Where are we? It's okay, you're gonna be safe here. What's your name, anyway? I'm Tali. How can I ever thank you guys for saving me? Okay, I don't think you need to because I don't think we did. I'm not even sure they were after you. Yeah, they were after your necklace. Oh, my grandmother's amulet. Amulet? Is it magical? Does it have any power? No. No, not at all. This is all very strange. Wait, this thing is powerless? Then why did you want us to steal it? It got the Charmed Ones involved, didn't it? So when do we get our shot at them? Be patient, this was only round one. Stay tuned. Yeah! Mrs. Winterbourne? Hold it right there. Well, hi, Wyatt. Hi, Piper. Never mind that. I just wanted you to know that Wyatt will not be in your class tomorrow, or ever again for that matter. Why? Is there a problem? A problem? You mean like when Wyatt was playing with that little girl at the Play-Doh table this morning? You mean Emily? She's such a sweet, little psychic. She stole his dough right out of his hands. And you did absolutely nothing. Well, stole is a little harsh, don't you think? She's only two years old. No, that's not the point. What message is this sending him, that people can just take from him? That people can hurt him, that grown adults will not be there to protect him? - Piper. - What? We need to talk. Would you mind taking Wyatt for a stroll just for a minute, please? What?! It's all right, go ahead. I'll be right over there. Come on, let's go. Are you out of your mind? Piper, do you realize you're driving everybody nuts around here? Well, I don't really care, because, see, I'm trying to protect our son. From who, his "Mommy & Me" teacher? Hey, how do you not know that she's the one who's after him? - If Phoebe's right... - She's not. How do you know? Because why would anybody we know want to turn Wyatt evil? It just doesn't make any sense, just like Gideon said. How do you know it's not him? Or us for that matter? - Piper. - No, I'm serious. What if he saw what this life did to us, and how hard it was, and just decided to take the easy way out. - It's not what happened. - How do you know? Because Wyatt is surrounded by love. We love him, whether we're together or not. He's got a brother that risked everything just to save his life. Plus he's got two aunts who would rather gouge out their own eyes than see anything bad happen to him. Just promise me we'll keep him safe. I promise. That's him, the Brute Demon. Okay, upper-level demons with overwhelming physical strength. They work alone, generally crushing skulls of their victims. You're lucky he wasn't after you. Okay, this isn't making sense. Are you sure that that amulet did not have magical powers? I'm positive. It was just a family heirloom. Do you have anything else of your grandmother's? Her wedding ring, why? That's a great idea. We can use it to scry for the amulet. - Find out where the demon went. - Okay, people, heads up. I need your address books, your phone books, all your books. - Hi, I'm Phoebe. - Hi. This is Tali. She was attacked by three upper-level demons today. Wow, and you lived to tell about it? Congratulations. About those books? I'm kind of in a hurry. Phoebe, we actually need your help. How bad was it? Well, they stole my grandmother's amulet. Really, how powerful was it? Could they use it for mind control? Oh, no, it was just decorative. Decorative. Yeah, pretty much. Saving my nephew or kleptomaniac demons? I really need those books, guys. - Pheeb. - What? This is important. I'm gonna draw a police flow chart of everyone in Wyatt's life who can possibly be a suspect and I don't wanna forget anybody. Fine, my book is in my bedroom. Mom's is down in the kitchen. - Great. I hope you find your amulet. - Thank you. I'll be at the office. But please don't need me, because I really think I'm onto something here. Stubborn little witch. She's not playing along. What if she finds us out? - She won't. - How are you gonna stop her? Thanks for sharing. Athames? I thought we'd agreed nobody would be hurt. The weapons are part of the game. It's how powers are taken. Don't worry, only the players will be using them on each other. More dead demons? Not a problem for me. More dead Elders wouldn't be a problem for us either. - What do you want? - This whole distraction isn't working as well as I'd hoped, especially not on Phoebe. She's meeting with the reporter again, and I won't have him feeding her any more information. You want him dead? No, of course not. I want him out of the way. How are we supposed to do that? Be creative. Plant more cameras, make him part of the game. Use the Shapeshifter. I like him. Still, he is a demon, which means there's only so much we can control in the risk department. I expect you'll do your very best. Did he just give us an opening? He must be more desperate than we thought, which means that maybe he won't shut us down after the first witch dies. - Come on, get in there. - Oh, man. Yeah! Next? All right, finally. Witch Wars, yeah! Witch Wars! - Welcome back to Witch Wars. - Nobody shushes me. You want battles, you thirst for blood? You ain't seen nothing yet. Of course, that warlock won't be seeing anything ever again, will he? In round two, these three upper-level demons will again have to get past the Charmed Ones to get the witch. But this time they're not going after her necklace, they're going after her life. Before we get started, let's introduce our newest contestant. He's a darklighter all the way from the Northeast underworld. - Good to have you with us. - Good to be here. Now remember, your athames will absorb the powers of your victims as well as each other. The last demon standing will be awarded all of the powers collected at the end. For the winner, a serious power boost. For the losers, certain death. Oh, one more thing: Since the Shapeshifter failed to get the witch's amulet at the end of round one, he must now take on the added risk of confronting a Charmed One directly. In this case, Phoebe. Oh, great. And the Brute Demon, having won round one by claiming the amulet, has won the right to make the first move. Yeah! Now the players will enter the confessional cave to share their strategies with the audience. Let's watch. One of the Charmed Ones is getting ready to scry for the amulet, right? To find me. Good. I'll be waiting for her. And when I take her out, the witch will be mine. It's suicide to go up against a Charmed One. But if I could persuade Phoebe to invite me home with her, she'd be leading me right to the witch. All I gotta do is bide my time, wait for that stupid Brute to get himself killed, then make my move. Okay, so we have the immediate family and then the close friends of the family. Who's next? Anyone the child originally came in contact with in the last six months. Okay, but the child's been in seclusion for the last six months. So are we talking kids in the nursery, and teachers? And his mother's hairdresser, or your handyman, or clergyman. Okay, let's just say, hypothetically speaking, that the police are running out of time. They can't research everyone the child's met in the last six months. - Who do they focus on then? - Immediate family. They've ruled out the immediate family. Okay, I kind of preferred the fake flirting to this. Yeah, I'm sorry. I just get very emotional when things have to do with my family. Well, that's why the cops usually do this part and not the parents. Or the aunt. Okay, so, what would the cops do next? It sounds to me like you're looking for some kind of magic formula, and there just isn't one. Can't you just narrow it down a little bit? Well, statistically, when it's not a crime of necessity, you're looking at white men between the ages of 25 and 50, usually someone you'd least expect. Maybe... Maybe even trust. Think on that. I'll get coffee. Making any progress? No, not yet. I thought you were getting coffee. I changed my mind. If I have caffeine this late, - I can't sleep. - Not gonna sleep until I figure this out. Hey, how's it going here? Paige and Tali went to get her grandmother's ring. How's Mom doing? She's scared. She's holding up. And how are you doing? About the same. - Got it. - So, what are you planning to do when you find them? I mean, could this be some kind of trap? Honey, it can always be some kind of a trap. You shouldn't go alone. He's right, Paige. If these are the witch killers... - I got it. - Why don't you guys go with her? If they wanted to kill me, they would have done it when they had the chance. Right? No, I'm sorry. I can't leave you unprotected. I'll stay. Come on. Lambs to the slaughter. Okay, that looks like a trap. Let's get out of here. Told you he'd eat it. That's gonna leave a mark. What's that? That's us. Then you gotta keep going. Is there any place where you can go...? Okay, what's going on? Chris. I win, you lose. Darklighter! Darklighter! Darklighter! I am so sorry, I didn't even see him coming. It's okay, it's not your fault. We're being watched. What? Sons of bitches, where are the cameras? What cameras? There's some live feed going on with the crystals. Yeah, except for I think they cut it off. I'm not seeing anything. - Well, who? - I don't know. I vanquished the Brute Demon before I could ask him. What is this, some kind of game? Actually, it might be. What are you talking about? Well, I heard something, when I was down in the underworld. - But I thought it was a rumour. - You thought what was a rumour? Well, that there was this demonic game show. Kind of like Survivor but only for demons. And you didn't tell us this why? Because I didn't think it was relevant. That's your theme song of today, did you notice? Paige. Look, I'm sorry. Well, at least it explains how the demon we trapped today knew that the witch died. He was watching it on TV. Pretty sick. No sicker than any other reality TV show. - I'm just saying. - Except this one's about killing witches for entertainment. Yeah, we have to get out of here because they are listening to us. We're gonna find you. We need more powers, fast. Don't worry. Cue the confessional. One demon down, one to go. All I have to do is wait for Phoebe to kill the Shapeshifter. Then I can make my move. What if she doesn't? I mean, why wait? Why not just eliminate the competition yourself? Good point. A reality what? You have got to be kidding me. All right. I'll be home as soon as I can. - Is something wrong? - Kind of. Listen, thanks. I have to get going. I was having a really good time. - Really? - Yeah. Well, thanks again for all your help. Maybe we can talk more tomorrow. Or since you're heading home, I could just come with you. I'm sorry? To check out your place. Look for any, you know, easy entry points. I mean, most bad guys usually attack at home. Are you sure about that? I think I read that... I'm the expert, right? So let me just come home with you, make sure everything is all right. Yeah. Well, that's not gonna happen. See, I'm not going home. I have to go somewhere else... Take me to your house, witch. Now! Chris! Leo! Phoebe. You still alive? Oh, come on. Missed by that much. The witch is dead, and I'm the last demon standing. That's the game, my friends, that is the game. Well, not quite. What? As you know, all good reality TV shows have one final twist. That's a cheat. Now, it's our turn to play. You gotta admit, it's a good twist. Found it. Power-sucking athame. And? Well, that's it. It doesn't say anything about what kind of demon uses it or what the "WW" stands for? - No. - Well, that's not a big help. Okay. Well, we could scry with the athame or the crystal thingy. - No, I tried. - How about a return-to-sender spell? Tried. Our magic is blocked. So then we've got nothing. Yes, we have nothing but a houseful of cameras and an underworld full of voyeurs. Piper, why don't you go relax? We can take it from here. No, I'm fine. I mean... And relax? Relax where? We're being watched. Not here, not at magic school they're not. Leo's right. You should go lay down. We've got it under control. You don't touch me. You're the reason I look like this. You have to put a stop to this. You're missing the bigger picture. - Sir, another witch is dead. - That wasn't supposed to happen. You're dealing with demons, what did you expect? Sacrifices must be made for the greater good. How far are you willing to go? Phoebe was nearly killed. No, she wasn't. She's strong. She protected herself as I knew she would. They weren't supposed to go after the Charmed Ones. Yes, they were. That was my plan all along. To get the gamesmasters to try to kill the Charmed Ones. - But why? - To get them off my trail. To get them believing that it's the gamemasters who are after Wyatt, as if they've been after him all along. What if they succeed? What if they kill the sisters? I have no intention of letting that happen. I only want Wyatt eliminated, not them. I think I might have found something that can help. It's the crystal thingy. It's an ancient form of magical voyeurism. The Ronyx crystal. It predates even the crystal ball. Our demon friends must have found a way to put a new spin on an old idea. Wait a minute. It's got an incantation to activate it. Welcome back to Witch Wars. Tonight, on a very special episode, you'll see the ultimate battle when the gamemasters themselves take on not just any witches, but the legendary Charmed Ones. It'll be winner takes all, and we will take all. Their lives, their powers, and last but not least, their progeny. That's what their show is about, killing us? Then either me or Wyatt. It has to be Wyatt. Which means... Oh, yes, this makes perfect sense. What about any of this make perfect sense? Don't you see? These gamesmasters are the demons you've been looking for all along. The ones who are after Wyatt. - What? - They've been collecting powers, hoping to gain enough to be able to collect yours. And then get Wyatt's. Well, it kind of fits in with Phoebe's theory then. Right? We don't know who they are but they know who we are. - I'm gonna kill them. - No, Leo, you're an Elder now. Nonviolent, remember? Watch me. We're gonna have to find them first. Do you think we could trace the signal back to them? No, not without Piper. I think they're too strong already. No, we don't need Piper. Because we have this. And they're not gonna kill us on TV. We're gonna kill them. What if they never go back? They will. If there's one thing I know about the Charmed Ones, they never run away from a fight. - What exactly are we looking for? - Anything that will let us vanquish the gamemasters without the power of three. It's showtime. Hi. Anybody wanna play a game? When are they coming back? Now that's good television. Give me the athame. Are you sure about this? It's for Wyatt. Feels good to have powers again. Give him hell. This game's over. I couldn't agree more. See what happens when you make a play for our baby? Who wants to play next? What's the matter? Scared of me? Well, are you? Are you? Looks like your show's just been cancelled. - Where's Phoebe? - That's a good question. God, that was great. I wanna kill somebody else. Chris, find me another demon to kill. We gotta get these powers out. You're the one who wanted me to have a power, remember? Yeah, not a demonic power. Beggars can't be choosers. Oh, poor little powerless Phoebe, she can't even take care of herself. Okay, I'm sorry. I admit it, I was... I was wrong. Would you mind repeating that, please? I'm sorry, I was wrong. I clearly underestimated you. You are very powerful. That's all I wanted to hear. Now who wants to stab me? - What? - The only way to get the powers out. Come on, I dare you. I double dare you. I triple dare you. L... Stop, I'll stab her. Leo, be ready to heal? - You stabbed her? - Oh, you would have too. She was pretty obnoxious. Yeah, demonic powers on an empty stomach. - Not such a good thing. - No, it was a great thing. - You saved Wyatt. - We all did. So we're 100 percent certain these were the demons we were looking for all along? To our nephew, may he always be safe. I can't believe it's finally over. Believe it. You just saved the future. - Mom. - Yeah, I know. Sigmund, try to relax. We were successful today. They're off our trail. Even better, their guard is down, which makes it that much easier to eliminate the threat. His name is Wyatt. I'm sorry? What if Phoebe was right? What if future-Wyatt wasn't turned evil by a demon? He's just an innocent baby. What if, in trying to eliminate a threat, we are actually creating a monster? That's such a tender age to be betrayed by those who have sworn to protect you. What if that's what turns him? It's possible. Anything is possible. But armed with this future knowledge, we have to try to make sure that it doesn't happen this time. The only way to be sure is to stop this now. Sigmund! This child should never have been born. He is enormously dangerous. Why am I the only one who seems to understand that? That's a very good question, sir. And with all due respect, it's why I can't let you go through with this. I'm going to tell the sisters the truth.