Thank you. I sent everyone away so we could celebrate. What are we celebrating? Cole, you're finally fully human. No more demon half means no more obstacles for our relationship. Yay, us. That was a toast, and usually after the clinking part, you take a little sip. I don't know if sending your sisters away was a good idea. I don't have powers anymore. I can't protect you if there's an attack. Well, my sisters are in calling range. And more importantly, I am in kissing range. Phoebe, you don't seem to understand that with The Source injured, you might be in more danger than ever before. Well, you don't seem to understand that sometimes a girl needs a night off. Now please, is there anything that I can do... ...to help you relax? That helps a little. Maybe you should just keep doing that. It's just that without a strong leader, there's anarchy in the underworld. Oh, wow, you're a sweet-talker. Demons who would normally compete, - for The Source's favour-- - Will start banding together to try to take out The Source. - Honey, you told me this part already. - Well, I'm not sure you get it. Demons hoping to replace The Source will gather factions of followers. And what better way to gain support for your faction than to kill the infamous Charmed Ones? Oh, I'll get that. Damn it! Is it bad? I could call for Leo. No, it's fine. I used to be able to hold fire in the palm of my hands. We vanquished half of you. It's a huge adjustment. But I promise you'll figure it out. We'll figure it out together. I'm serious about the factions, Phoebe. If demons join forces... I promise you, I will worry about the factions first thing in the morning. But for now... I want us to join forces. We must join forces with those we've considered our enemies if we are to defeat... We must join forces... Damn. Joining forces with our friends is simple. Only by working with those we have considered our enemies will we achieve our greater goals. In the coming days, we must rise above our differences if we're to reach the level of our convictions. I think I can use that. How did you get in here? What do you want? Well, as you know, congressman, gathering a following requires inspiration. I want your muse. You can see me? My what? The Ring of lnspiration. But how did you get it? I think a more important question is, how will you get out of it? Who the hell are you talking to? - Please. - Come now. I'm doing you a favour, really. There's nothing worse than an uninspired politician. Okay, Bev, if that's what you really want. Bev, take yes for an answer. I'll get back to you. That was the last of the coffee. I've had coffee, this is not coffee. Have you seen Cole? He went out. He said he had some errands to run. What kind of errands? He didn't say. How was the big date? Great. Fine. It was okay. He kept talking about demonic factions the whole time. Well, that's probably because it's easier for him to talk about demons than what's really on his mind. Which is? Whether or not you're going to reconsider his marriage proposal now that he's just a human. We talked about that and he's totally fine with it, he gets it. - Why, did he say something to you? - No. But he doesn't have to, it's written all over his face. And truth be told, it's rare for a relationship to survive a rejected proposal. But it wasn't rejected. It was just postponed. Piper, I'm not ready. You know that. I do. But it's not my heart that's involved. Or my ego for that matter. You should talk to him, again. Where are you going? P3. At 9 in the morning? Don't club kids sleep in? Corporate party, big money, total nightmare. What if there's an attack? At 9 a.m.? Don't demons sleep in? Piper, Cole thinks that the demons are gonna start banding together to take out The Source. Great. Well, I say the only good Source is a dead Source. Right, but he also seems to think that the best way for a faction leader to gain the support of the demonic masses would be to kill us. - Who's going to kill us? - No one. That's new. So I was thinking, since you're the potions master, isn't there something you could whip up, some kind of protection potion maybe? Pheebs, if there was such a thing as a protection potion, we'd be mixing it in our morning coffee. I know, but there's gotta be something that we can do. And by "we," I mean you. Well, I say we just wait until we're attacked, Iike we usually do. And then deal with it then. - Who's attacking us? - No one. Right on. I get the weekend off. See, now that is the spirit. Piper, if Cole is right, we have no idea how many of them we're gonna be up against. Suddenly I'm beginning to miss The Source. And even if you don't think we need the protection, just think about Cole. He is a human being with no magical powers Iiving in a house that's constantly under demonic attack. Well, I guess I can make something... Yay, yay, yay. I love you. After I go to the club. We cannot afford to lose the income and I've got this client who's insisting on a last-minute theme, and, man, do I hate themes. Oh, I am so good at themes. My prom theme, "Almost Paradise," totally my idea. And this is supposed to impress me how? - Are you moving out? - No, just cleaning out. Your art supplies? Well, between witch work and "work" work, I just don't have any time anymore. This is perfect. We need a theme. You're an artistic, creative type. - A theme? - Yeah, I'll explain on the way. Us theme. You potion. Me peeved. You annoying. You see how well this worked out? Back off. We're on the same side. Whoa. We almost killed a demon. - The Source would have our heads. - Man, I love that glamouring power. - You know, I fall for it every time. - If you warlock scum don't mind, I've got work to do. Oh, but so do we. And we're gonna need to borrow that little trick of yours. Nicely done. Now, use your new power to kill the Charmed Ones - and bring me back theirs. - Hey. I thought we were taking out the witches together. I have a faction to build. And time is of the essence. There's recruiting to do, powers to gather... So I'm supposed to risk my life so you can become The Source? Aren't you tired of living under demonic rule? Of being a second-class citizen, my friend? In the coming days, we must rise above our differences if we are to reach the level of our convictions. Well, what do I get out of it? A little inspiration. Now get to work. Bev, I'm telling you, "'40s Night" is perfect. Think about it. The zoot suits, the saddle shoes, the patriotism, what more could you ask for? Oh, I just don't know. I mean, weren't the '50s a little bit more flashy? Yeah, if you want something that's been done a million times. Excuse me? Honestly, Bev... ... I think the '40s is your era. I mean, you already have this kind of Veronica Lake thing going on. - I do? - Oh, yeah. Peekaboo hairdo, some nice pearl earrings... You're a dead ringer. Well, then... Looks like someone has some shopping to do. Yep, here is the number for the costume place, and tell all your friends to dress there or be square. Thanks, girls. If it isn't Mr. Sneak-Out-Of-Bed. Yeah, I had some stuff to do. Yeah, what kind of stuff? - Well... - What--? What's that? - What are you doing with that? - Get that thing out of here. Oh, come on, you guys see worse than this every day. No, we see demons every day. There is a huge difference. - There is? How? - Well, for one thing, we're not likely to accidentally vanquish ourselves. Where did you get it? Well, I may not be a demon anymore, but I still know where to find the bad guys. Well, why don't you go find the bad guys and give it back to them? Look, I have to have a way to protect myself and the one I love. Okay. Cole, I am not living in a house with a gun. It makes things more dangerous, not less. - Hey. - Hi. Piper's at home. I talked to her. I came here to find you. - Was there an attack? - In a way... Muses have been disappearing and the Elders are very concerned. Muses? The ones who inspire creativity? - They're real? - Yes. And they are in a very real danger. It would be a powerful evil to find a way to hurt a muse. Factions. - We better get back. - What about '40s Night? I'll call the decorator from the car. All right, I'll meet you guys at home. I'm gonna see what else I can find out. Oh, Leo, before you go... Wait. - Come on. - Can you orb this to Darryl, please? I won't even ask. Hey, how's the protection potion? Nonexistent. Hey, we kept up our end of the deal. I know, Bev called and she's thrilled and I thank you, but I thought we should move on to the muses. Muses? Which are, "Beings of pure light whose sole purpose is to inspire people's passion and creativity. Like angels that guide us with an unseen hand of inspiration." Wait, how can evil hurt someone who's invisible? I have no idea. A good place to start would be to ask a muse but I can't figure out how to summon one. Do you guys feel that? What? I don't know, it's like a... It's like a feeling... Honey, what you looking for? I think there's a muse somewhere in this room. Being of creativity Show yourself now to me Your light which shines upon our face Let our vision now embrace I was hoping I could inspire you to do that. I'm Melody. - I'm Phoebe, and this is-- - I know who you girls are. I've been inspiring you your whole lives. Now I was hoping you can help me. So you know what's been happening to the muses? Yes, we were inspiring a symphony, and a friend of mine, a fellow muse, was captured. I was lucky to get away. Get away from what? A warlock claimed the Ring of lnspiration. - The what? - It's a ring that enables the wearer to see and capture muses. I mean, it was created by good magic, to channel inspiration in times of great need. A warlock, is that like a demon? - Pretty much, yeah. - That's nice. Hi. I thought you were orbing. What? Melody, Leo. Whitelighter, muse. - Nice to meet you. - We go way back. Right, good to see you again. Have you ever heard of the Ring of lnspiration? I think so. Red jewel? Isn't that something you would have normally mentioned earlier? Right. Yeah. - Leo! - What? He's behind you! You okay? - What was that? - That was a warlock. Was that the warlock that captured your friend? No. They must be working together. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what you call a faction. Piper, where are you going? We have to make a plan. I have a plan. - Which is? - To cook. Now that I know what we're up against, I can practically taste the potion. I don't know what it does, but it tastes pretty good. I can't believe I almost threw away my paints. I'm gonna write a vanquishing spell. Actually, I have to write a vanquishing spell. I keep hearing rhyming in my head. Are you doing that? Oh, no, you're doing that. I'm just helping it come out. Yes, you do, without a doubt. I think I should probably leave. I'm not meant to stay in one place for too long. The inspiration gets a little intense. Okay, but that's good. If the warlocks are enslaving other muses to inspire them, then we need all the help we can get. - I think I know how to get the ring. - You do? Can you describe the warlock to me? I think so. - What are you gonna do? - I'm going to draw him. I think Leo should orb me underground. - What? - I could find out who the faction leader is. I may not have my powers anymore, but I still know the terrain. Yeah, and you may just find yourself in everlasting pain. - That's a rhyme. - Yeah, I'm sorry, now's not the time. Cole, if you go underground, you will be a sitting duck - without your powers. - I'm a sitting duck up here as well. At least this way, I can be useful. Cole, you are useful. Alive. It's just now you have to be the brains behind the operation, not the brawn. Well, is there some rule that says I have to choose? Well, I could make one up but it would just be a ruse. - But maybe I should point out that-- - I think Cole has a point. - Excuse me? - Well, he is a demon, right? - Was a demon. - Before you get any more-- No, he was a half demon, that's probably lived for about a century, so that means he knows his way around "down there" pretty well. And we can use all the help we can get. - Leo? - I think what Melody is trying to say-- No, the point is bounty hunters haven't been attacking because they think he's dead. If he goes down to the underworld-- - I'm still here! - Cole, if you go underground, and anyone sees you, you will be back on the demonic radar. Only this time you will not have anything to protect yourself. It's starting to seem like you have some kind of death wish. And it seems to me like you won't be happy until I don an apron and become your houseboy. Hey! Here is the thing, guys, every time there is a muse around, passions tend to run a little higher. A lot higher. So let's keep that in mind in our communications with each other, okay? Phoebe, go write your spell. Paige, do whatever it is you were going to do, Cole, please join me in the kitchen and tell me everything you know about warlocks so that I can make my potion. We'll talk about this later. Alligator. Cole! What I don't understand is why a warlock would even want that ring. Are you kidding? Evil never gets to feel a muse's inspiration. I can tell you, I've never felt anything like it in my life. - What does it feel like? - It was like a power surge, an overdose of adrenaline. I can tell you, these warlocks must be sucking it up, so whatever you're doing, please do it fast. Because I promise they'll be back. Look, I'm making this up as I go along. So power surge or no, you're going to have to be patient, Iike you're gonna have to be patient with Phoebe on the marriage front. I don't think that's any of your business. You don't know sisters very well, do you? Cole, you're struggling, right? Trying to figure out how to be this new person? I thought we were here to talk about warlocks. No. What you don't get is that Phoebe is trying to do the exact same thing. She's always been the youngest sister, the eternal child, carefree, fun-loving... - And? - And in a minute, she lost Prue, discovered Paige and became the middle sister. And to top it all off, you propose. The idea of marriage, being that much of a grownup, is terrifying to Phoebe. - Did she say that? - No, but she doesn't have to. I'm her big sister, I've known her only, oh, her whole life. - Could I have a word? - Yeah. See what a little patience will get you. I'm asking a favour, Leo. Man to man. You want me to talk to Phoebe? I want you to orb me underground. - Cole, that's the inspiration talking. - Maybe so, but think about it, Leo. Their big plan right now is to draw the warlock. They're the Charmed Ones. I trust that they know what they're doing. Just listen. I can't be certain, but I think that warlock used demonic powers. Which means he killed a demon to get them? - Aren't there laws against that? - It's punishable by death. Now, I know where the demons will convene to discuss this treason. They probably know by now which warlock is behind it. All we have to do... ...is listen. And not be seen. We can go now and be back before anybody notices. Oh, they're gonna notice. And then they're gonna kill me. A warlock is a funny thing He blinks from place to place And when we say these words to him His face they will erase Sounds more like a limerick than a spell. Damn. I think his nose is a little longer than that. Your work is wonderful. Thanks to you. No, Paige, I have nothing to do with product. Only the inspiration to create it. - I could use a little of that over here. - Okay. Close your eyes and concentrate. Thank you. So how come you stopped painting? How come you stopped inspiring me to paint? I also have no control over the world, Paige. You stopped painting because you stopped caring about your art. No, I didn't stop caring about my art. I just... I don't know, I guess I'm a perfectionist. And once I stopped having enough time to practice, well, I just kind of threw in the towel. Art isn't about perfection. It's about expression. The key is simply to love it. That's the call I answer. I got potions. Who's got a spell? Evil is a faithful foe But good does battle best We witches will, with these words Waste the warlock's evil zest Wonderful. Witty, but wordy. You just take one. - And you. - Thank you. - Is that him? - Precisely. Now that I have something to focus on, - I think I can call for the ring. - Oh, that's brilliant. The ring will orb to you and then if he wants it back, - he'll have to follow it. - Which is when we hit him - with the potion. - And make a huge commotion. Right, the potion will flash in his eyes, which are very sensitive, this should keep him from blinking Iong enough for us to vanquish him with your spell. - Blinking? - That's how the warlocks get around. Well, why don't you just, I don't know, freeze him, or blow him up or something? Well, sometimes warlocks don't freeze or blow up. The power of three spell is the only guarantee. - Fabulous. - God, we're good. Oh, no, wait. I think we should tell the guys. But why? Cole? Cole? What is this place, Cole? High council meeting quarters. We listen long enough, we'll hear plenty. You two lost? - Rake. - Belthazor? Sorry, man, thought you were a warlock. Didn't I hear you were dead? Yeah. And unfortunately I have to stay that way. He seemed like a friend. In my old life he was. Feels different, doesn't it? Killing, now that you're human? Just keep an eye out, would you? Leo? - Leo! - Cole is nowhere to be found. And Leo still isn't answering. I can't believe they'd do this. Do what, exactly? The only reason Leo wouldn't hear us calling is if he went underground with Cole. I'd rather do battle with warlocks than do battle with the two of you. Call for the ring. Well, shouldn't we wait for Leo in case we get hurt? Just call for the ring. Ring! Breathe and focus. That ring packs a serious punch. What power did you get? It worked. Let all the muses out. Your ring, where did it go? The Charmed Ones. Well, let's go get it back. No way, they just vanquished the last sucker you sent in. He didn't have your newly acquired power. You wanna live in the shadow of demons your whole life? Forget it, Devlin, it's suicide. They're expecting me, but not the two of us. We can take them, come on. We'll share their powers and together we'll rule the underworld. We're gonna have so much fun. Evil is a faithful foe But good does battle best We witches will, with these words Waste the warlock's evil zest What just happened? Oh, my God! No! Piper, blow him up! No! You'll blow up Melody too. I know you're... I know you're mad, but before you say anything, we found out that the faction leader is a warlock named Devlin. He looked more like a Joe to me. - Where's Melody? - Oh, she's gone. Gone? "Gone," as in she left? "Gone" as in, she got sucked into a big red ring by a warlock named-- What was it? - Devlin. - Right, Devlin. Okay, so what exactly are you doing now? Basking in the brilliance of our failure. What happened? Oh, well, I called for the ring, it came to me, and we set the muses free. Which was useless, because Devlin came and took it right back so he could capture them all again. And he took our own muse. And he's gonna use her inspiration to kill us. - Ah, the irony. - Okay. I understand that you guys have been on an inspiration binge and that you are wiped out. But now is not the time to give up. He's right. Devlin will be back soon, and stronger than before. We have no inspiration to fight him. But you don't need it. All right, Melody just inspired your own passion, creativity and talent. What you have to do now is find another way to tap into it. I say we head for the hills. Great idea, rhymes with kills. You think that's funny? If you'd done what I asked and stayed here, you might have been able to help. How? The minute Devlin arrived, you would've sent me to my room. Cole, I wasn't just being a nagging girlfriend. I actually had good reasons for asking you not to go. Which were what, exactly? I don't know, to try to keep you alive? Why, because I'm not capable of defending myself? If that's the way you think, no wonder you don't wanna marry me. I can't believe that's what you think. - Is that what you think? - What should I think? You're supposed to know that I love you, and that l-- And what? I have a hard time believing that any woman who's truly in love would really turn down a marriage proposal. Well, that's how little you know about women. Cole, there's still so much that we don't know about each other. I mean, we don't know the new rules, we don't know what it means for you to be human. - And I don't know-- - That you truly love me. No, Cole. That's the one thing that I do know. Well, then, what is the problem? I don't know how to be a wife. But I can't live without you in my life. Did she rhyme? I think she just rhymed. This is what I'm talking about. Phoebe's passion for Cole is a natural way to access inspiration. Okay, you guys, we have a warlock to catch. And I know we're beaten, and I know we're tired. But that does not mean we can just lay down and play dead. I don't think we're gonna have to play. Piper, Leo said we could tap into our own inspiration and I'm feeling it. Now you have to do whatever you have to do to feel it too. I don't know, I kind of agree with running for the hills. You can't run. Not while Devlin has that ring. You know, this isn't just about saving our own lives, or even Melody's. It's about good versus evil, and wrong versus right, and our job as witches, to fight the good fight. Dr. Seuss, is that you? What if we didn't wait for Devlin to come to us? What if we went to him? See, now that's the spirit. We're gonna need a new spell. Piper, we're gonna need some more of your potion. I have no idea what I put in it. All right, Cole and I were there, maybe we can help. Leo, please. There were, like, 1 5,000 herbs on that counter. Okay, so just start cooking and let that inspire you. Now she's Martha Stewart. You're pretty young, Piper. Are you really ready to die? Look, if you can't do it to save Melody, then get inspired to save your own life, for Leo. For me. For Paige. I don't care how you do it. Just do it, because I guarantee you that Devlin's not sitting on his butt waiting for inspiration to strike. We have proven with the loss of our fallen comrades that we can't take on the witches as individuals. But there is power in numbers, my friends. And our plan is inspired. Now, are you with me? Yes. - Yes. - Yes. Yes. It's time. Prepare yourselves. And don't be late. This doesn't feel right. Well, if anyone has a better idea, we're open to it. You could try calling for it again. Oh, no, that wouldn't work. He's probably figured out a way to protect the ring by now. All right, let me just think for a minute. We don't have a minute. We need the ring back now. She's right. With all the muses afraid to come out of hiding, the world is going uninspired. - Which is okay except that-- - Evil is inspired. Right. Which could throw off the whole balance, giving evil the upper hand. I get that, but they've never been to the underworld without me there to protect them. We have a potion, we have the vanquishing spell, we have the power of three, and we have the element of surprise. But what you don't have is any idea where Melody is. She's in the ring. Which is on the finger of a warlock who could be anywhere, doing anything, with any number of demonic powers. I'm telling you, it doesn't feel right. I know. Then don't go. Baby, every time you went to the underworld, every time you shimmered out of here and I had to wonder if I'd ever see you again... ...it didn't feel right. But you had to go, didn't you? Be careful. Being of creativity We call ourselves now to thee Your light now darkened in a ring Shall feel The power of three we bring Oh, no. Did we get sent back in time again? No, Phoebe, we're at P3. I think. Oh my God, '40s Night looks amazing. Okay, sisters, focus. We cast a spell to find our muse and it landed us not in the underworld, but in my club. So then the spell didn't work? No, the spell definitely worked. Then Melody's here? And so is Devlin. And probably his entire faction. I don't know how you do it. How do you sit by and do nothing while your wife's life is in danger? Cole... I get that this is hard for you. But I need you to do me a favour and shut up. - Excuse me? - I need to concentrate. On the floorboards? No, I am listening for a call from the girls so I can be there in case they need me. - It's a trap. - What? I knew this didn't feel right. Why didn't the warlocks attack again after they got the muse? Evil isn't exactly known for its patience. It's because they already failed twice. So Devlin knew he needed numbers. Not too many warlocks are stupid or brave enough to attack right here in the manor. But plenty can be convinced to lay in ambush. Hang on. That's strange. - What? - The girls aren't underground. They're at P3. - They can't use their powers in public. - I promised-- You only promised not to orb me underground. Okay, looking for them this way is not gonna work. Oh, Piper! Love the fireworks! Fireworks. Yes, fireworks. I just wanted to tell you, I think the club looks great. Bev, you're a genius. Genius. How exactly is she a genius? The strobe lights. They'll work like the potion, but on a grand scale. It'll keep the warlocks from blinking. I'll freeze all the innocents, anyone you see still moving, feel free to vanquish them. All right, here goes nothing. Energy ball! - Help me! - Come on! - Phoebe! - Melody. Phoebe, help me! Paige. You stay here, I'll go get Melody. Phoebe! Piper? Are you okay? Come on. Okay, so who here doesn't want to die? Come on, let's get out of here. We still don't have the ring. That's okay, we have Melody. We'll get the ring next. - Aren't you forgetting something? - They're still frozen, aren't they? Yes. - How are you? Are you okay? - I am now. Are you okay? Blow him up. Blow him up. I'm too strong for you, witch. Well, good thing I brought reinforcements. Evil is a faithful foe But good does battle best We witches will, with these words Waste this warlock's evil zest Thank you for coming. Thank you for having me. Now, that was inspired. Here, I think you need to give this back to the good guys. I think it's time I should be going. - Don't be a stranger. - I wouldn't dream of it. - Bye. - Bye-bye. Okay, should we go back into the party? Actually, I think I'm inspired to spend an evening at home. Aren't you guys forgetting a little something? Let's see... Being of creativity