Shakespeare's witches, I think it'll help us put a serious dent in Cole. We've tried everything to vanquish him, but nothing works, okay? So I just say we watch our backs, and get on with our lives. Speaking of which, do you think eye of newt would work on the woman that's trying to sue me? - Is she demonic? - Well, she's demonically stupid. Paige, I am seriously worried that I'm gonna lose my job over this. For giving bad advice in your column? No, the advice wasn't bad. I never told her she should leave the guy at the altar. Either way, what happened to freedom of the press? Well, apparently some dirtbag lawyer is finding a way around it. Paige? Paige, are you okay? Paige, can you hear me? Are you okay? Paige. Paige. Can I get you another drink, sir? Cole. - How'd it go? - It was beautiful. - Was the other driver hurt? - Yeah. - Good. - All you gotta do is a little mind control on the witnesses and maybe a cop, and we're golden. Let's get out of here. No time for one little dance? Kaia, I was waiting for you earlier. I'll make it up to you. Boss. You know what I want. You're sure you don't wanna call Leo? No, no, it's just a mild concussion. And besides, I don't deserve to be healed. I know better than to talk on the phone when I'm driving. - I don't know what I was thinking. - Do you remember what happened? I was speaking to Phoebe, and then the next thing I know, the car just started spinning out of control. It's kind of like my career. Honey, it's not that bad, is it? I think it is. The newspaper's lawyers wanna meet with me, and I don't think it's because they're huge Phoebe fans. Well, I'll see you your career and raise you my club. The health inspector's coming back today and the plumbing just exploded. Again. What is going on with us? Is Mercury in retrograde? Have you thought about using a magical Band-Aid? I'd do it in a heartbeat if I wasn't afraid of the personal gain consequences. See, this is why demons always have the upper hand, you know? They can use their magic whenever they want to. Yeah, well, you know, that's what separates good from evil. Yeah, I know that, but it's still very tempting. I mean, you could fix your plumbing, I could turn some lawyers into toads. Aunt Phoebe, little Wiccans have very big ears that can hear you. I'm sorry, baby, I was only kidding! Mostly. So you gonna be okay? Because I have to go get fired now. You are not getting fired. And I'm fine. From your mouth to God's ears. Goodbye, my little niece. - You're smashing me. - I love you. Get off me! This is no segue, but you and I need to talk about vanquishing Cole. Because we don't have enough problems at the moment? No, because he's actually our biggest problem at the moment, okay? Look at Phoebe, he's totally beaten her down. I don't know, she seemed cheerful, considering the state of her career. That's this wonderful thing called denial, okay? The Phoebe I know would never roll over for lawyers like that. And this morning when I was talking to her about vanquishing Cole, she told me I was wasting my time. I'm telling you, she is off. All right, okay already, we'll spend the afternoon with our noses in potions. But can I go save the sole source of our income first? Yeah, go, I'll see you later. - Are you okay to orb? - I'm perfectly fine to orb. Go. All right. Paige Matthews? Yeah? You're under arrest. Felony hit and run. She's going down. And P3? Health inspector's there. Our guys are in place. I gotta say, using the law to bring down the Charmed Ones was genius, sir. They'll never figure it out. They will figure it out. It'll just be too late. The Halliwell manor. The doorway to the spiritual Nexus, all the power that we need. Man, right under the witches' house. Who knew? I did. Is that why they're so damn strong? Partly. The Nexus packs a punch. But the power can go either way. In good hands, good gets a power boost. But when we tap into it, evil spreads. - How far? - Far enough. The police, the politicians... ...and Phoebe. She will be consumed by evil. And she will finally give in to our love, and then I'll torture and kill her sisters and we'll live happily ever after. Sir, I thought the point of all this was to give you the power to reorganize the underworld above ground. Yes. It is, it is. But to be united, evil must have a happy leader. And for me to be happy, I need... - Phoebe, what are you doing here? - I came to see you, baby. I thought we could have a little picnic. Kaia, what the hell do you think you're doing? Damn, how'd you know it was me? Well, for starters, Phoebe hates me. And she doesn't drink, and, she uses a little less tongue. Since when does a stripper follow a guy back from work? Hey, hey, hey, Dex, go easy. She's got a little crush. With all due respect, sir, Kiran demons are manipulative vixens. And this one has an agenda that goes way beyond a little crush. Sure. She can smell power, can't you, Kaia? Maybe she wants to be my new queen. Just send this one away and I'll prove my worth. I'm afraid I can't. I'm in love with someone else. But I can give her to you. I can be her. No. You're good for the occasional dance, but beyond that, I need the real thing. All right, you heard him, get out. And stay gone. Otherwise I'll make sure you do. Not like that. Go out the way you came in. In this office, we keep up appearances. You want me, I can feel it. Insolent. Hot, though. No. No, no, don't do that. Come on, you've gotta give me another chance. And why is that? Because, because, because... Because we've been in business nearly four years and we haven't failed an inspection yet. Well, I'd have to disagree with that, Mr. Wyatt. You failed two this week. Yeah, but this week has been bad. Like, strangely bad. And we'll have the plumbing fixed tomorrow, so, can't you just come back then? Well, your record has been impeccable until now... Whoa, hello. - Rats too. - No! No, we don't have rats. We... They don't live here. They're just... They're just trying to ruin my life. Rodent infestation takes longer than a day to clear up. Close down, address the problem, and we'll schedule another inspection in a few weeks. I won't need another inspection in a few weeks. Because if I stay closed that long, I'll be out of business. I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do. All right, well, I'll show you out. Where are you? I hate you, I hate you. Go home! Get out of here, you plague-spreading, club-ruining rodents! I will get you. Piper, what are you doing? Diminishing the rodent population, obviously. Come on, honey, we're gonna get through this. Yeah, we will, but the club won't. How can this be happening? I mean, I know I've neglected the club since I've been pregnant, but not this much. These things happen. It's just bad luck. No, it is more than bad luck. It is sabotage, it is... It's demonic. - What? - Well, yeah. Phoebe's lawsuit, Paige's accident... No, that's it. It's all part of it, it has to be. - Why? - Because I said so. And if not, we're losing the club, which is just not an option. Damn. She missed me by this much. This way please, Miss Matthews. - No film. - Try the filing cabinet. She's not going anywhere. Why? Why am I not going anywhere? You've always helped us before. With your other problems. This is not others. - I am not so sure. - Paige... I didn't do what they're saying I did. And if anybody's trying to set me up, it would be a de... Others. Officer Garcia is not others, nor is he in league with any others. He's a good cop. And he has saved my ass on many an occasion. My God, I think I see what's going on here. Phoebe's lawsuit, Piper's club... You have to get me out of here. Otherwise, it's gonna get worse. Listen, I am a lieutenant now. I can't just bend the rules like I used to. Even if I could, this is legal problems, you know? I can't just make those go away. We can't just make it go away. She has a strong case for malice. I don't understand. How does she have a strong case? She's claiming that as a result of your own bitter divorce, you've made it your mission to destroy other marriages. That is ridiculous. "If you have any doubts, any doubts at all, I suggest you flee at the speed of a baby cheetah at supper time." I was using hyperbole. I know that. But she's collected dozens of similar clips, and she's threatening to go to the press with her story. And as a newswoman, I can tell you it's a good story. Okay, well... ...isn't controversy good for sales? It may be good for the Enquirer, but I've worked very hard to build this paper into a respectable news source. Can't we just pay her off? We have insurance for this type of thing, right? She doesn't want money. She wants you fired. It's like she's on some kind of vendetta. I'm sorry, Phoebe. I have to suspend you without pay while our lawyers try to work this out. - Cole. - Excuse me? Darryl, have you heard from Paige? Because she was supposed to come straight home from the hospital... Paige is in jail. We tried to call you, but... What? What...? For...? What for? Reckless endangerment and felony hit and run. What? You have got to be kidding me. Paige, Darryl said you were in jail. Oh, I am. I mean, I was. I will be, just as soon as I figure out what demon is doing this to me. You just disappeared from jail? No, I put pillows in the bed first. It always worked at my parents' house. - Paige! - What? You weren't gonna help me, so I had to help myself. Whether you believe it or not, there is a demon behind this. At 2:00, they're gonna come get you for your bail hearing. If you're not there, that's my ass. Everybody knows we're friends. They're gonna just think I just let you go. I will be there at 2:00. See you. Okay, he hates me. Yeah, he does. But for what it's worth, I'm with you. Leo's doing the Elder thing. Let me guess, you didn't pass inspection. - Nope. - Let's just cut to the chase, shall we? Our problems are legal, right? Who's the only demonic lawyer that we know? Cole. And he has gone off the deep end lately, but how is ruining our lives gonna help him get Phoebe back? I don't know. But until we figure it out, we should keep her out of it. You slimy son of a bitch. - Phoebe, is that you? - What are you, evil and blind? Yeah, it's me. Look, why don't you just admit that you're behind this. Admit it so I can use magic to fight you. I don't know... I don't know what you're talking about. Look, Cole, my career is the most important thing to me. Okay, so is that your plan? To take it away from me so that I come running to you for comfort? Phoebe, I love you. And I don't know what's going on, but maybe I could help. Would you like me to kill someone for you, or? Your boss, perhaps? Hey, hey, hey! Hey! I might not be able to use magic... You're sexy when you're mad, you know. I can't wait until I get to kiss you again. Cole, I will never be with you again. I hate you. I hate you. Do you get that? Hate is good. It's passionate, intense. It's... It's a breath away from love. She's great. What do you want? Just to give you what you want. So, what are we gonna do? We're gonna tell him we're onto him and it's not gonna work. I can't believe I saw what I just saw. Probably because I saw it too. But how? Why is she kissing him? I don't know, but I say we go back in there - and we pull her out by her hair. - No. No. We can't make a scene. Okay, we need a plan. Okay, here it is. We go home, we vomit... - And? - That's all I got so far. Okay. Oh, come on, baby, it was just getting good. Not good enough. You'll never be as good as the real Phoebe and you should stop trying. You're right. I'll never be as good. I'll be better. I know tricks the real Phoebe's never even heard of before. I've been patient with you up until now. This is the last time I'm gonna say this. Leave and don't come back. You don't know what you're missing. Hey! What did I tell you? Cole has some serious work to do. And I will not have you distracting him. Cole? What the hell...? Who are you? Get it through your thick head. The leader of the underworld will never have a whore as his queen. Did you just call me a whore? Kaia? There's not... There's no... Are you sure? Leo, we saw Phoebe and Cole, tongues locked, hands groping all over each other. Okay. Didn't need the visual. Well, maybe he has her under some kind of mind control. I mean, he can do that. That's possible, right? Right. I think right now he could do pretty much anything. Why? What do you mean? Well, the Elders have sensed a major surge in demonic activity. And they think that evil is organizing under a new leader. That's just great, because the last time Cole was the leader of the underworld, he took Phoebe as his queen and we were completely blindsided by it that time too. Oh, my God, that's why she didn't want me to try to vanquish him. She was talking this morning about being tempted. She was trying to warn us and we didn't even see it. Okay, this just cannot be happening, people. I mean, Phoebe would not do this to us. I mean, it cannot, cannot, cannot be happening. Okay, let's just calm down, okay? The last time Phoebe was evil, she was under the influence of her demonic pregnancy. So, what, you're saying you think she's pregnant again? No, I just think that maybe we're underestimating her. Maybe there's something that we're missing. We saw what we saw. Okay, well, maybe she's under a spell. Or maybe there was some information that she wanted and she was using sex as a tool? Okay, I like the sound of that. Slutty and manipulative, that's better than evil any day. So let's not panic. Let's talk to Phoebe and give her a chance to explain what's going on. By the way, Darryl called. If she's not ready, the judge won't wait. Paige? Hey, guys, what took you so long? Coming, Darryl? Hey! I wouldn't have to hurt you, if you stopped trying to get away. What happened? I mistook her for the other one. And I said too much. I thought I'd bring her here until the end of the operation. Well, good thinking. Well, as much fun as this has been... I'm sorry, Phoebe, but Dex is right. I can't let you leave. - Leo! - Save your voice. This place is magically protected. I can't have you people sensing what I'm doing in here. Now all the windows and doors are blocked. And please, sweetie, just trust me on this one. I don't want you getting hurt trying to escape. All right, don't call me sweetie. You can't hold a person prisoner and then call them sweetie. You know... ...I didn't intend this. I just can't have you running off to your sisters and protecting the Nexus, okay? It is way too important to us. Wait, the Nexus? - Dex didn't tell you about that? - No. No, he didn't. He just told me you were trying to reorganize the underworld. Don't be mad. I only want the Nexus so that you can come back to evil and we can be together. - Cole... - I'm so sorry I had to involve your work. I just needed you distracted while I ruined Piper's club and put Paige in jail. Paige is in jail? Listen, I'd love to stay and chat, but all things considered, I need to speed up my plan. Look, Cole, my sisters are gonna realize that I'm missing, and Leo is gonna try to sense me. And when he can't, they're gonna come straight to you. Look, thanks for the concern, but I think I've got my bases covered. I knew you'd want me again. Ignore her. Oh, my God. Oh, no. Not God. Kaia. Just listen to her voice. You're sick, you know that? You need help. I mean, are you sleeping with me? I mean her? You're sick, you know that? You need help. Good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Excellent. Come on, Kaia. I'm gonna need this. There's some leftover Chinese food in the fridge. So if you don't want me, then what do you want? I want you to go to Phoebe's house and pretend to be her for a while. Do your job well and you'll be amply rewarded. For a while? Why not just get rid of her and I can take her place forever? Aside from the fact that I love her, Phoebe's a Charmed One. She's protected by her powers. You can't just kill her, so don't get any silly ideas and stop playing with your hair. Phoebe's more sophisticated than that. Now, go to the house and lay low for a while. I just need a little time to speed things up. Did you sustain your injuries in an accident with Paige Matthews? Yeah. I guess that was her name. What are you, a lawyer? Yeah. That and other things. What? Sorry. Nothing personal. Hi, Piper. - Don't you "Hi, Piper" me, I saw you. - I thought you said - you were gonna be calm. - I am calm. - You saw me what? - Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. No, trust me, it's not an act. We saw you making out with Cole. Okay, well, that's just not possible, you see, because I'm pretty sure that I hate Cole, right? Phoebe, I am pregnant, I am emotional, and I am freaking out. And if you are back together with Cole, then that is just fine, but do not deny what I just saw. Okay. All right. Then I'm back together with Cole. - What? - What!? How can you say that? Well, I thought you said it was fine. Well, I didn't mean it. And for God sakes, the man mummified you. Whoa, seriously? Okay, something's not right. Her memory seems gone. Okay, that's a good sign. Now, Phoebe, try and focus. Does Cole have you under some kind of spell? - Maybe. - Maybe? Maybe is good. Because magic we can fight. Lust, desperation, insanity we cannot fight, but magic we can fight. Unless you've used your powers for evil. Which you haven't, have you? No, no, I don't think so. And that would be the worst thing ever, right? Yeah. We couldn't bring you back from that. Okay, so this is what we have to do. You have to take away my powers so I don't misuse them. Yes. She's not evil. You're not evil. So you think Cole has you under his control? Well, yeah. I mean, why else would I have kissed Cole? Oh, my God, what has he done to me? Oh, no, honey, it's gonna be okay. Yes, it is gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay once you take away my powers. You know, just to be safe. Piper, if you take her powers, she's gonna be vulnerable. But you guys can protect me, right? I don't know. If Cole is reorganizing the underworld, you're gonna need the Power of Three. No. As long as we're the ones that take it away, we can bring it back. But if Cole's got Phoebe under his control... Yes. She's right. I am my own worst enemy. The sooner we weaken me, the better. Leo? This witch's power cannot fight The lure of evil's magic might Before misuse lands her in hell Remove the powers Of Phoebe Halliwell Well, it wasn't my best work, but it should have done the trick. Are you okay? How do you feel? - Fine. - So the spell worked? - Why wouldn't it? - You know, maybe you should try it out. Try levitating. What are you doing? Well, I just thought I'd try everything. - So you can't levitate? - Apparently not. That means the spell worked, right? I don't know, you're still kind of weird. Maybe the spell had a side effect? Or maybe I just feel sick because I had to kiss Cole. That's my girl. Yeah, maybe I need to go and rest for a little while, you know? That's a good idea. Okay, honey, why don't you just lay down for a little while? Do you want some tea or something? - Tea sounds great. - Tea, yes. Tea. Who drinks tea? Knife in the panty drawer. My kind of girl. Poor little witchy lost her powers. I should just put you out of your misery. What are you doing here? I thought I should tell you that they know you're trying to reorganize the underworld. I didn't ask you to report to me. What were you doing to Phoebe? Well, she's lying in the middle of the room. I was making sure she's okay. Since when have you been worried about her well-being? Since she means so much to you. What? Do you actually think I'd be stupid enough to hurt her? That wouldn't make you happy, baby. And you know all I wanna do is make you happy. If you want to make me happy, go do the job I asked you to do. Fine, bossy-boots. - Whatever gets you off. - And when the time comes, make sure that Piper goes to the bail bondsman. She'll refuse at first, but you can convince her. - The bail bondsman? - You'll figure it out. Now go. What? Are you okay? Phoebe? Didn't you hear me knocking? No, I was listening to music to help me relax. Why was the door locked? That was Paige on the phone. Things just got a whole lot worse. How did she die? I thought it was just a concussion. The doctors think there was a blood clot in her brain. - It's all my fault. - No, it isn't. - Yeah, it is, I killed her. - No, you didn't, Cole did. - What? - Look, I can't prove it, but we found out that he has Phoebe under some kind of mind control. Which means he's probably behind all of this. - That evil bastard. - He's killing innocent people. All right, let's get you out of here. Come on, open this thing up. It's not gonna be so easy. Why? When the other driver died, the judge charged Paige with vehicular homicide. He set the bail at $50,000. Oh, my God, where are we gonna get that kind of money? It's after six. The banks aren't even open. Bail bondsman. - We'll just go to a bail bondsman. - You just go. Do that light thing that you do. I will try to cover for you. What about your job? It doesn't matter. I should have believed you in the first place. I will cover for you. No. Because if they figure out that Paige is gone, she'll be in even more trouble. We'll go to a bail bondsman, that's what they're there for. Okay, you may be right. But you don't have to be so cheerful about it. I'm just saying we can't leave Paige in jail overnight. You know, that's exactly what Cole wants, I'm sure. For that kind of bail, you're gonna need some heavy-duty collateral. We can't use the club because it's... You know? Then we'll have to use the house. All right, this will cover the 50,000 bail. Sign here and here. And... ...I'm gonna need to hold on to the grant deed to your house. You'll get it back when the jailbird shows up for court. Oh, it'll be fine, Paige won't skip bail. All right, just sign there. This doesn't feel right. Yeah, well, it never does, lady. It never does. Here's the receipt. Hold on to it. That's it. Your sister shows up for court, you pay me back. Plus ten percent. Let's go make this worth our while. Okay, people, let's move. The sooner we destroy Cole's headquarters, the sooner I feel better about this whole damn day. Piper, we've got a bit of a situation in here. I knew I forgot something. My mother always warned me about protecting my house from orbing. - Your house? - Yes. You signed it, I have it. You can take me to court and try to evict me, but by then, it'll be too late. Too late for what? I don't know what you think you're doing, but we have the paperwork that says the house is ours unless Paige forfeits bail. Correction. I have the paperwork. Phoebe, what's going on? Dear. I don't even get one little thank-you kiss? You did well, and you'll be paid for your efforts later. Is this what a girl has to do to get a little attention around here? She hates you. You said it yourself. So why fight for her, when I'm here for the taking? You know, Kaia, I haven't killed you yet, because I find you mildly entertaining. But soon the real Phoebe will be by my side. And I'm not too sure that she'll feel the same way, so in the interest of survival, I suggest you make yourself scarce. Or maybe I'll just make her scarce. Okay, I said something about hell, and I rhymed it with Halliwell... How could you not keep a copy of the spell you used to take away our sister's powers? It was a crappy spell, okay. So I left it in the house, all right? Forgive me for not anticipating the demonic foreclosure. What does he want in the house, anyway? Is he after the Book of Shadows? I still can't sense Phoebe. God, do you think she's even still alive? Cole wouldn't kill her. I don't think. What about floozy Phoebe? Maybe she's got something up her sleeve. Are you trying to help or are you just gonna ramble? - I'm just gonna ramble. - All right, that's enough. Piper, you need to work on the spell. If Phoebe is still alive, she's gonna need her powers. You don't deserve him. How many times do I have to tell you I don't want him? "I want the real Phoebe. I love the real Phoebe. You'll never be as good as the real Phoebe." What do you think, witch? Am I as good as you? Or better? Okay, all right. Look, I'm sure we can talk about this. I don't think so. See, I'm more of a looker than a talker. Oh, you're blond, I should have known. This is gonna be fun. Your powers! You were right, that was fun. Leo! - We're really sorry. - Hi. Yeah, we're sorry. - Sorry. - Are you okay? It's okay, it's okay, I'm okay. I'm not mad. Well, maybe I'm a little bit mad. I mean, what took you guys so long? - And what happened to my powers? - Well, she looked like you. At the hospital, you said you were tempted, and that you didn't want us to vanquish him. Then we saw you making out with Cole and we all got a little panicky. Excuse me. Did you really think I was making out with Cole? - We mention we were sorry? - You guys. Okay, well, I'm assuming since you're standing out on the street, - that means Cole's in the house? - Yeah, but we don't know why. - He wants the Nexus. - Oh, no, he does not. Wait, didn't I read about that in the Book of Shadows? Isn't that what made you evil before? - How does he know about that? - He knows everything about us. Okay, look, if he wants its power, he's gonna have to open the earth under the basement and take the Shadow into him. - Okay, so how do we stop him? - Well, we can't. But once he has the Shadow, there is a spell that can send it back into the earth, and hopefully take Cole with him. Yeah, but it has to be said over the Nexus in the basement. Great, there's only a whole load of demons in the house, and a force field keeping us out. But the one good thing about Cole's little girlfriend, who is dead by the way... ...she looks just like me. Wait a second. So you're gonna pretend to be her pretending to be you? If you go in there, you'll be vulnerable. To turning evil? Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's his plan. Look, you guys underestimated me once already today. Please don't do it again. She twirled her hair. A lot. She twirled her hair. Like this? Okay, I'm going in. Hey, baby, wanna escort a girl inside? Kaia, are you still playing good witch? It's the way the big man likes it. Sick. Hey, look who it is. Hi, boys. Did you miss me? All right, the entertainment's here. Hey! Sorry, I'm just, you know, saving the goods for Cole. Take my jacket, boys. Step aside and let a lady by? You're no lady, Kaia. And the boss sent you away. Yeah, but he didn't mean it. Come on, let me past. I'll let you past. If you can drop that witch act right now. I'm so happy you came. I am light I am one too strong to fight... Oh, don't fight it, Phoebe. Let evil take you. Return to dark where shadows dwell You can't have this Halliwell - It's no use, Phoebe. - So go away and leave my sight And take with you This endless night My sweet Phoebe. I don't know how you did it. How you got past the force field, past the guards. But I love that you did. It's that fight that made me fall in love with you in the first place. - I thought you were dead. - So did I for a minute there. But now that I know the earth can't even hold me, I guess I'll just call the Shadow and try again. You could do that. Hell, you could even turn me evil again. But you will never win. Because I'll never come back to you. - Phoebe. - You just don't get it, Cole, do you? I thought you were dead and I felt nothing. No pain, no love, nothing. I'm free. And when we do vanquish you, and we will... ...I'll never look back. Okay, where are they? Where are the demons? Sorry, my sweeties, but they're all dead. You didn't even leave us one? Well, there is one left. Believe me, there is one left. But I was able to get back the house, and keep Cole from getting the Nexus. What about your job? And my club? I think you can use your magic to reverse Cole's, consequence-free. Well, thank the Lord for that. It won't reverse everything, though. What about the woman he killed? I promise you he won't get away with that. You asked for me? Kaia's friend? - Used to be. - She tell you what I want? You mean this?