Wresting the staff from sacred hands is the goal of a fool, Novak. And we will always protect the eternal cycle. You should know that by now. Except to do that, you have to be lucky every year. To get it, I only have to be lucky once. Did you give this to me last year, or did I give this to you? I can't remember. Hello. Earth to Piper. Hey, that's my TiVo. You can't take that. No, I'm not taking. I'm asking. And are you sure it's yours, because it has all my season passes on it. Whatever, just take it. I don't have time to watch anything anyway, except for "SpongeBob. " Where are my beautiful nephews anyway? Dad is taking them to Marine Land. Really? Oh, that's great. Cool. No, it's not. I should be taking them to Marine Land. You know, their mother. Well, why aren't you? Because I have to defrost my husband somehow. Right. Any leads? No, but I'm hoping to find some by magically divining for them, but it's not working. What is it supposed to do? It's supposed to give me some sort of sign, you know, pick up some magical chatter about what we're up against. Sounds like a stretch. Well, you know, you work with what you got. You know, maybe if you took a little break. No, I don't need a break. I need to find out who we're up against so we're prepared. Okay, then I should help you. No, no, no, I don't wanna drag you back into this. I want you to go to your new place and enjoy it and enjoy your new life. - Yeah, but, Piper, I'm not... - No buts. Look, I gave the same speech to Paige. This is not your burden to bear, it's mine. Yeah, but you can't do it by yourself. No, you're right, I can't. And when the battle to end all battles happens, I will call you. Now, this goes in your car. Piper, wait. Coming. - Hi. - Housewarming gift. Oh, Billie, you're such a sweetie, thanks. Oh, look at you, styling in the city. Can you believe it? Actually, I can't. It's so amazing. I keep knocking on the bathroom door, just out of habit. Yeah, but you must love it. I haven't been really been in here long enough to love it, but I will. Even though I'm gonna miss my sisters and my nephews. Yeah, but not the demons. They will find me here, trust me. Speaking of which, how's the search going? Oh, it's not really going. I had a little bit of a brain freeze, so I just wanted to let it go for a bit. Do you wanna go to the movies? You know what, I would love to, but I think I just need to stay here, you know, settle in, unpack, maybe meet the neighbours, just get used to being alone. Yeah, I know what you mean. Okay. Hey, do you know anything about magically divining? Are you kidding? Tons. Why? Well, Piper is trying to do it, but it hasn't been successful for her and she thinks it's the key to finding Leo. So I don't know, maybe you can help her? Oh, yeah, totally, I could help her. Now? - Oh, yeah, okay. - Great. All right, that's so sweet, she'll really appreciate it. - Thanks. - Yeah. - Thanks for the plant. - Bye. Stop by anytime. Paige, you scared me. Well, you told me I could stop by anytime. Yeah, I meant like a normal person. You know, knock first. Oh, Paige, don't be like that. - Is that better? - Much. Thank you. Okay, here's my thing, all right? I'm just completely freaking out about this whole magic thing. Freaking out, how? I told him about the whole big secret thing, thinking it would bring us closer, and it's kind of pushing us farther apart. Well, he's probably just overwhelmed, you know. Yeah, I'm sure he is. He keeps asking me all these questions, and they're valid questions. You know, why aren't we using our powers to bring about world peace, or end poverty, end famine? He's just not getting that it's not that easy. Well, just be patient with him. And maybe try not to explain it from a magical perspective. You know, try to use terms that he understands. You know, keep it simple. I think I might do that. Thank you. - Can I orb? - Yes, please. Free at last. Now what? Hi, I just wanted to RSVP for the housewarming party? It's time. - Where am I? - Magic School. Demons control it now. Much has changed in a year, Novak. - When's the ceremony? - Tonight. But after decades of trying, this time, I think you'll finally be able to wrest control of the staff from the Zodiacs. I better. I tire of conserving my strength for this one chance every year. - Are you tracking Rooster? - No. Lo Pan. You're supposed to be following the Zodiac before he hands it off, not some lowly servant. But that servant is responsible for where the handoff occurs. He alone knows the location of the sacred garden. Rooster will be the first to arrive. And when he does, we'll be waiting for him. Billie, what are you doing up here? Oh, just helping you out. Phoebe sent me. I went over to her new place and she just wanted to be alone, and I was just getting all in there, putting my feet on everything, wanting to hang out, but she sent me here. Whoa, tangent. Don't you have your own demons to slay? Yeah, but I'm kind of tired of my obsession, so I thought I would join in on yours. You know, misery loves company. So, what are you doing? I'm grinding up payatha root. You know, I don't think you used enough. Divinations can be very, very temperamental. You have to use just the right amount if you wanna catch any cosmic signals. You know, you're getting pretty good at this. Well, I had good teachers. All right, let's see if you missed any signs. Stand back. Bingo. Are you sure this is right? Yeah, I backtracked the sign all the way to here. But I gotta say, I was thinking more of a Buddhist temple, not some same-day laundry. Well, maybe we should just forget it. No, we were brought here. Come on, Piper. The sign brought us here for a reason. Listen, I'm supposed to be the mature and wise one, so knock it off. May I help you? You here for pick-up? No, actually, we were just admiring your sign out front. The eternal cycle. It represents a sacred chain of life. Have you seen it before? That's why we're here. I see. So you have an interest in signs, do you? Yeah. Gemini, Libra, Leo. Are you sure you don't mean Monkey, Rooster or Tiger, like your friend here? - Excuse me? - Chinese zodiac, right? You've answered my call, and not a moment too soon. No, I think we've got our wires crossed somehow, because I'm just looking to save a husband. And now you're here to help save us all. But you must hurry now, or all will be lost. Whoa, what was that? Forget it, Jenkins, it's Chinatown. Don't let him get the staff. Your turn. This has never happened before, a Zodiac dying. It's now on you to protect the staff. Look, really, mister, no offence, but I'm just trying to save my husband, not some stick. This is not a stick. It is Buddha's mystical staff. And it must be passed to the next Zodiac at the new year, or the eternal cycle ends. All right, before we hit Exposition City here, what's with the laundry on the outside, and then this crazy green place on the inside? This sacred garden has served for centuries as a sanctuary for the ceremonial passing of the staff. It has been my family's honour to find a place for its existence each and every year. So it's just my luck that a demon tries to take it this year? Not just this year. He's been trying for many years, when it is vulnerable, as it is now. That is why I sent out the call for help, and that is why you came. No, really, seriously, I was looking for something totally different. You must be a Buffalo. - Excuse me? - I think he's talking about your sign. Hang on a second. She gets a tiger and I'm some stinking buffalo? If you know of the Zodiacs, you know we do not choose who we are born to. Each influences us with different gifts to keep the eternal cycle alive. But if a demon steals the staff before it is passed, then the cycle ends. And it won't be the Zodiacs who influence, but evil instead. Not a world your husband would want to be saved for, I trust? All right, what would you like us to do? Protect the staff until it is passed to the new Zodiac. But you must be of clear mind, so as not to unduly influence those around you with your personality. I'm sorry, I'm just imagining a lot of obsessing. That's cute. That's very cute. You must leave now before they come back. Use all of your power to protect it, if you have to. Maybe you should call Paige and Phoebe. You better believe it. Do you know anything about this demon? No, but I have kept a record of his past attacks. Well, I could take a look at them, maybe I'll figure something out. Perhaps you'll find out something about yourself along the way, Billie. How do you know my name? This is a magical place, one where questions will have answers. If you are open to it, you'll see. - So when does this ceremony begin? - At midnight. Naturally. The staff is lost. We have no choice but to wait another year. We're not waiting. - Why should we? - Because the witches... Merely delayed the inevitable. After all, progress has been made. Unprecedented progress. A Zodiac is dead, which means they, as a whole, are weakened. And the staff is out of sacred hands for the first time ever. Still, now they know we're coming. They always know we're coming. You underestimated Lo Pan, do not underestimate me. With all due respect, the servant won't keep the staff in the garden now. Not until the handoff. - We'll never find it in time. - We won't have to. The Zodiacs will find it for us. We'll let it be known what's happened, what Lo Pan's done. They'll come out of hiding to get their precious staff back. Trust me. So then all we have to do is track them. See? Progress. Henry, I have to say, I've been doing some thinking. About what? Well, here's the deal. I have a plan, you know, for us. I thought we were doing pretty well. Yeah, definitely, except for, you know, when the M word kind of comes up, - things start getting a little bit... - Weird. Yeah, exactly, but everything else is obviously going well. You're even finishing my sentences. But... Okay. Step into my office, have a seat. - On this? - Yes. - You can fit, I'm pretty sure. - Barely. Okay. Stay with me here. You deal with criminals, okay, drug dealers, burglars, murderers. Me, I deal with demons. Kazis, Creepers, Grimlocks, I could go on and on. But the point is, they're very similar. Criminals bad, demons bad. - Is it snack time yet, Miss Matthews? - Henry. Look, I know what you're trying to say, okay? But what I don't understand is, if you have all these powers, - why you don't use them. - I do use them. No, no, no, not on demons, I'm talking about hunger. I'm talking about poor, the homeless, my criminals, my bad guys. It's really actually not that simple. But why, who says? I mean, I'm not trying to make you feel bad, okay? But I just don't understand, if there's magic in the world, why you don't use it to just save the world. Oh, this is a sick one, I have to take this. We'll figure it out later. - Well, that went swimmingly. - Yeah, it's Henry. Paige, great, you're here. What's this? The answer to my problems. Well, we have bigger problems, trust me. Buddha's staff. The demons want it. We need the "Book. " Sorry, no can do. I have to help Henry. No, no, no, hang on a second, whoa. I thought the words "Buddha" and "demons" would give you the hint that I need your help? No, not really. Bye, I have to help Henry now. But, wha...? What are you looking at? Any luck? Are you kidding? I can't make sense of any of this stuff. That's because you're using your eyes, and not your powers. Well, how can telekinesis help me? I'm talking about your other power, the one you have yet to master. The one you need to master if you truly want answers. Answers. You mean, to help me find the demon. And to finding your sister. I told you this place was magical. Yeah, and a little creepy. We are all led to where we need to be, Billie. And so you have been led here. But before you can help the eternal cycle, you must help yourself. Okay. So, what can you tell me about Christy? I can tell you nothing. Only Christy can tell you about Christy. And only you have the power to seek those answers. But I can't even control my projection power. I haven't even used it since I knew I had it. The sisters think it's way too dangerous. When used out of control, yes. So can you help me control it? Come. That penjing tree is a simple living creature within the world surrounding us. And like all things, it follows a cycle, and it's nearing its end. But you have the power to see its cycle at the beginning again, to project what you will upon it. Focus on the tree, Billie. Reach within yourself to your power. See what you want to see. - Look. - I did that? And you can do more than that. You can see your sister. Hello? The staff belongs to us. And you would be? We are the Zodiacs. We? The staff for your life. - The staff. - Okay, look. Now, there's nothing I'd love better than to get rid of this thing, but... Kill her! Yeah, that's ugly. Okay, hang on. There's no need to fight. How would you guys like your staff in pieces? One for each of you? Maybe we should just talk about this. Talk fast. Can't I just sit in a chair? Stop resisting. Just relax. Now, what happened the first time you tried to use this new power of yours? Well, I turned my parents into assassins. I see. All the more reason to focus completely on what you wish to project this time, what you truly wish to find. Well, after 15 years, I wanna find my big sister. That's practical, not emotional. That's not how your power works. Think. Deep down, what is it that you truly want? Well, I wanna see Christy. I wanna know what she's been going through all these years. All right. Then concentrate on that. Allow the world that surrounds you to disappear. Allow time to be nothing but an idea. Don't bend the spoon, imagine there is no spoon? Sorry. Think of only Christy, of seeing her again, of where she went, of understanding. Let your power take you where you need to go. Now. Lo Pan? Where are you? What is going on? Lo Pan? Who's there? Christy, is that you? It's okay. I'm not gonna hurt you. Unbelievable. We do not wish to harm you. We thought you had stolen the sacred staff. Don't you guys talk to each other? Lo Pan, the guy that gave me this to protect? Lo Pan is just a servant. He only speaks when spoken to. Well, maybe you should speak to him more often, considering he seems to know more about this than you do. He should've hidden the sacred garden better from the demons. Maybe so, but if he hadn't anticipated the attack, I wouldn't be holding this right now, now, would I? Point taken. So I take it you guys heard about Chicken. Rooster. And yes, we sensed it. That's why we were so afraid the staff had been stolen. The moment it was out of his hands, we began tracking it to you. Okay, well, would you like it back? No, it is forbidden until the New Year. I am Dog, the next in line for the staff. Okay, so can't one of your other Zodiacs hold it for you until then? No, it would upset the eternal cycle, change the balance of all things. Great. Well, what would you like me to do with it? I'll take it. Oh, no, you again. Yup, me again. Go, you must protect the staff. What about my house? Only the staff matters. Go! Paige! Well, last stop on our orbing world tour. Golden Gate Bridge. Bet you've never seen it from this angle, huh? Are you nuts? What are we doing here now? Well, you have some questions and I am just trying to facilitate some answers. - How? - I told you about the Elders, right? And if I call them down here, they can maybe explain this whole thing a little bit more in depth. Just slow down a little, okay, because my head's still spinning. I'm just trying to help you understand me and the whole shebang that kind of goes along with me, right? And I just figured, what better way than to orb you all around the world to really see things firsthand? I don't know what's gotten into you. Oh, hold that thought. Hello? Paige, where are you? I need your help.</i> Well, at the moment, Henry needs my help a little bit more. Would you forget about Henry for one second? This is bad. - Really? How bad? - Things-stop-spinning bad. If the demon gets this staff, the eternal cycle ends or something and the world turns evil. I don't know. World turning evil or my relationship ending. I gotta say, that's kind of a tough choice. Tough choice? What the hell is the matter with you? Well, nothing is the matter with me. I'm just really focused on Henry. When did you become so obsessive? That is my deal.</i> I guess it is, but maybe I learned from the best, big sis. Oh, my goodness, Henry just fell off the bridge. - I'm gonna have to call you back. - No, no, no...</i> Great, that's great, great. Don't make me come back there! You okay? Where were we? Such a great view, you should really try enjoying it more. Anyone need a refill? You okay? Enjoying yourselves? Oh, I hear laughter, that's good. Laughter means happy people. There you go. - I'm so sorry. - That's all right. It's nice of you to put this thing together for everyone. Yeah, well, I just wanted to meet all my neighbours. I am so happy to be living here, you have no idea. Really, it's like I'm free. I can tell. Well, I'm glad you're living here too. Excuse me. Hi, Piper. I wasn't expecting to see you here. What...? Hey, how are you all doing? Be right back. Listen, we have a problem, one you're going to help me with whether you like it or not. Wait, no, Piper, I can't. I have to focus on my party. Are you kidding me? Listen, I am tired of babysitting this thing by myself. It is your turn. - What just happened? - What am I doing here? I should be at Marine World with my kids. Wait, Piper, what would you like me to do with this? Screw it, I'm free. Party time, everybody. Piper? What the? Paige? Hell, yeah. Honey, are you okay? What happened? Well, I don't understand. Why don't the demons just move in here, since they're here all the time anyway? Where's Piper? I don't know. I came here looking for her and I got knocked down. Did you see what they look like? Just your average tackily dressed demons. There were some other guys with these kind of red gown, robe-y things. They must be after the staff. - Buddha's staff. - No, don't touch it. It's covered for a reason. I think it has a crazy effect on people. Maybe that's what was making me so crazy and so obsessed with Henry. Well, yeah, but the question is why aren't you now? Maybe it wore off, maybe those guys knocked it out of me. We have to find Piper. I hear them outside, whispering. But I don't understand what they're saying. I never understand what they're saying. Then they stop for a while, sometimes for a long time. But then they start again. I don't know what they want. Okay, it's okay, look, I'm here now, okay? I still don't understand how. Yeah, that makes two of us. All I know is I'm supposed to be with you now, and try to figure this out so I can get you out of here. No, they won't let us, they won't let us. Have you tried using your powers? Powers? What do you mean? You know, your powers. Magic? Christy, you're a witch, just like me. You must have some powers that... Wait. Powers. That must be what they want from you. - Where did you get this? - They gave it to me. They all wear it. It's the symbol from your diary. It's them. I wanna go home. Please, take me home. Lo Pan. Lo Pan? Get us out of here now! - Lo Pan? - I'm right here. Well, where is she? Where's Christy? - She was right there. - Where? Locked away alone in a cave. Why couldn't I save her? You didn't go there to save her, Billie. You went there to see her, to understand. But I don't understand, I don't understand at all. I mean, she was a kid, barely older than when she was taken. She was vulnerable and open to you. That's why your power took you to that time, before she changed. Surely you received something from that journey, did you not? Well, they're after her powers. Power she doesn't even know she has yet. You can't save her from her past, Billie. No one can. But perhaps, you can save her now, after you help save us. No, sweetie, Mommy's okay. She just got a flat tire, okay? I'll be there as soon as I can. No, no, no, wait for me. I wanna see the penguins with you, really, okay? - I'll be there in, like, 30 minutes. - I doubt that. Okay, Dad said she just called. So she's all right. Not necessarily. The phone went dead. Maybe it's just bad reception? I think we should try the to-call-a-lost-witch spell. It's not gonna work unless she's actually lost. She could be just spending time with the boys, which would be a good thing, right? - Until the world turns evil. - Which you're about to help me with. Now, let's go and do something you'll regret later. Well, this just might be worth all those years of waiting. The Charmed Ones, under my rule. Imagine the possibilities. Maybe I'll keep you around for a while after you complete the task at hand. - Kill Dog? - No, no, no. I don't want to destroy just one Zodiac, I want to destroy them all, so that they can never take this away from me again. What do you want us to do? Eager to please, I like that. You're gonna kill Lo Pan. Lo Pan? The servant? Oh, he's much more than just that. Though the Zodiacs all but dismiss him, he's much more important than they give him credit for. In fact, he's the key to continuing the eternal cycle. He protects the sacred garden. Without it, they're nothing. Then what? Then the year of evil begins. - Where is he? - He should be here. - Hey, what are you guys doing here? - Looking for him. Lo Pan, why? The demons are coming, we have to... Hey, where's the staff? What are you guys doing? Making our New Year's resolutions. Get down. You missed. Evil influences them. That means the demon has the staff. Oh, that's just great. Well, what do we do? We do nothing. You learned to control your power for this moment. Are you crazy? I'm not going up against them. You have to, if you want to save your sister. Focus, project what you wish. Billie, we don't wanna hurt you. Sure, we do. Boulder. Kill her. What just happened? What are we doing here? Oh, no big deal, you guys were just trying to kill me. But I changed your minds. I don't like it. We should have killed Lo Pan ourselves. Too many years of failed attempts have turned you cynical, my friend. You've got to learn to think more positively, now that evil's finally taken over the world. Sad, really. Now what do we do? Well, I wish I had a pithy retort, but you're really not worth it. - What...? - You were saying? Now. Quick, cover it up. Do me a favour and be careful what you wish for, especially around the boys. Yeah, well, I haven't exactly mastered it anyway, so... I think that would be her point. Well, it's almost midnight, so we should get this thing back before it's too late. Oh, I really can't, I have to go apologize to my boyfriend. And I have to explain some things to the neighbours. Yeah, and I have a sister to scry for. What's going on? What happened to you? It seems that I have been elevated. I am now Rooster. - The staff, if you please. - Oh, gladly. You received the sign for a reason, Piper. And not just to help perpetuate the cycle, but to help the both of us as well. How exactly was I helped? You have shown that patience can be rewarded, for me and for you. Leo will come back only if he's meant to. And only when it is time, not before. Funny, I figured, after last time, this would be the last place you'd wanna come back to. Yeah, I did have to think about it. I mean, not about us, but the magic. And? And after everything that you did today... I mean, not just this, but the whole eternal-cycle deal. I get it. This isn't freaking you out? You're not mad at me? I was never mad at you, Paige, or freaked out. I was... Well, I got a little freaked out when those wild pygmies were chasing us back then, but... Sorry, it was an accidental orb. It's okay. It helped me see the bigger picture. You use your powers to make the world a better place. How could I have a problem with that? I think it's amazing. You do? And I think I'm falling in love with you.