This was a great day. Yoga, pedicure, shopping, lunch. When have we had more fun? It's nice to bond through something other than vanquishing for a change. Yeah, but I gotta hand it to those pesky little demons. They sure have brought us closer together. Maybe you should write them thank-you notes. - Crowds early this morning when an argument between neighbours at a block party turned into a street brawl. Residents of several apartment buildings poured into the street... Some people are just crazy. Doesn't it seem like this kind of stuff has been happening a lot lately? Random social violence is encouraged by a general decline in ethical thinking. Well, according to my sociology professor. He said that we don't think about the big questions enough. The big question is how did you stay awake through his class? Not only did I stay awake, but I actually enjoyed it. Which is why I bought this book. It's filled with really deep, profound questions. It would actually make a good bar game at P3. Oh, great, solve the problems of the world while doing Jell-O shots. Okay, let's see if I can find a really good one. Okay, what if a building is on fire. Do you save five strangers or one sibling? I thought that you said these were hard questions. That's easy, sibling. - Of course. - Ditto. - Okay, my turn, my turn. - Okay. Okay, don't answer anything till I answer that. Okay, faster though, faster. - Hi. - Hi. Since when do you ring instead of orb? Well, I'm just trying to respect everybody's space, since the three of you have been so... - Hey, Leo. ...tight these days. So are you here for all of us? No, this isn't business. I was just about to invite Piper to an early dinner before the Paula Cole show. Do you have other plans? Not exactly, we... We've just been hanging out all day, spending some quality, non-magic time and... All right, well, no problem. Rain check? Piper, why don't you go with Leo? I mean, we're totally cool with it. Pheebs and I will go to the club early, keep an eye on things. Oh, yeah, I have a new assistant manager, and she's all checked out, so she can take care of things. Still, we'll go and make sure everything's okay. We'll bring the book, maybe stir up some trouble. - How about stirring up margaritas? - That's good too. - What are we gonna wear? - I don't know. - So it's a date? - All right. I didn't mean that I didn't enjoy being with you. All I meant was that Phoebe and Prue would've enjoyed the restaurant too. Come on. Wish you were normal sisters. They're never this close. And it's a problem that we are? No. It just seems that sometimes I'm breaking up a great party when I wanna be alone with you. Leo, I have room for all of you in my life and in my heart. I still need to know which room's mine because... Why don't you learn to drive! Okay. Oh, no. - Why'd you take the corner like that? - Come here. Hey, get out of there. What are you doing? Get off of me. Hey, you... What on earth? - Leo? - I see him. Wait, Piper, you don't know what he is. Thank you, P3, you've been great. Thank you. Hey, I can't believe you guys missed Paula Cole. She was awesome. We saw a pretty awesome show ourselves. - I thought you guys went to dinner. - We did, and then for dessert, - we did a little demon hunting. - What happened? There was this road-rage thing, it was completely out of control. So I froze the entire street except for a guy in a suit. And he takes off. Your sister doesn't listen to me, so we chase him down into an alley. Nothing, he vanished into thin air. Wait, a demon that causes road rage? I don't know if he caused it or was attracted by it. The kind of creature that gets off on that would explain why the city's been such a mess lately. He's probably, what, some lower-level mischief-maker? Sooner you figure out who he is, the better for everyone. Except for those of us who have to get rid of him. Okay, well, we could sit around here being pessimistic, or we could go to the house and check the Book of Shadows. What happened? First of all, I wanna let you all know that I was out in the field, and things are looking good. The public is really responding. But? We might have a problem. - Did you screw up? - Now, why would you assume that? Please don't fight. It's all they know how to do. A freezing witch saw me, caught me working. A good witch? I would say so. She chased me. I think she thought she could stop me. - That is a problem. - Fixable. I think we can still move forward with our plan and still make our deadline. But the deadline's 7:00 tomorrow night. - This horse is gonna... - Find her and kill her. - How we gonna find her? - Set a trap. If she's a good witch, she'll want to stop us. All we have to do is give her something she'll want to stop. - Wait, stop right there. - The Demon of Cruelty? "Hardens the heart, corrodes the soul..." And is a woman. Hey, so how is it going? In big, fat circles. We've been reading all night, and there's no one in here who matches the guy I saw. We do have a list of six potential matches, though. But there's no pictures, so we're sort of shooting in the dark. My best guess is the Demon of Anarchy. Hey, you can't just guess. All right? You have to be sure. It's very dangerous to engage an enemy unless you know who he is and what he wants. Leo, honey, we have done this a couple times. - No, I didn't mean... - You know, Leo, it would be great to know every single thing about our enemies, but we can't. - I know, but... - If this guy is causing riots, we can't just hang out and wait for inspiration, you know? Okay. Three against one. All right? I just... I was worried, that's all. Okay, so no offence to the whitelighter, but we're going with the Demon of Anarchy, right? Yes, the Demon of Anarchy. Okay, so this potion doesn't even require a double boiler. And it's your basic iambic pentameter chant. It's a very nice, simple vanquish. Okay, so all we have to do now is figure out where this guy's gonna show up next. All right, who do we know that would be keeping track of anarchy? Yeah, Prue, the department has noticed an upswing in violence. The captain is calling them "civil disturbances." In my professional opinion, the whole city's lost its fricking mind. We got street brawls, looting, arson. We're about two problems away from being placed on tactical alert. You're not calling me to tell me that this trouble is because of you-know-what, are you? Yeah, well, possibly. We're actually researching that right now. We were kind of calling for your help. Look, I really can't leave right now. No, no, no, I understand, and we're not quite there yet. But it would really help to know where the latest hot spot is. Don't freeze him - and don't let him know we're here. - All right. What the hell is wrong with these people? I cannot wait to kick this guy's butt all the way back to... All right, all right. This way, this way. - That's him, that's him. - Well, let's go introduce ourselves. Prue. There are three of them. There's four of you? - Prue. - Stop. Or I'll snap her neck. Start the chant. Start the damn chant. Sower of discord Your works now must cease I vanquish thee now With these words of peace - Prue? - What the hell? What just happened? I think we just vanquished our sister. - She's gone. - We don't know that. Phoebe, we killed Prue. Piper, stop it, okay? I don't wanna hear that. You think I wanna say it? I'm the one who made the potion. It's my fault. Okay, how about having a little faith? All right, our magic has never let us down before. Well, there's a first time for everything, isn't there? - She's not dead. - How do you know that? Because, Piper, I have no choice but to believe... ...in us. And in our magic. Come here. Okay, look, if she were dead, we would see her spirit, right? So maybe because we brought the wrong spell, something weird happened. Maybe it just sent them someplace. - Where? - I don't know. But I believe that we can figure it out. And I need you to believe that too. We have Leo, and we have the book. And we have each other. We can save Prue. There's gotta be a way. There's no way. He's dead, and so are we. He's not dead. He can't be dead. He maybe shifted to another plane, but he cannot be dead. Only the Source can kill us. We are the Anointed Ones, the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. The Source won't hesitate to kill us if we miss our deadline. We're so close. How did this happen? Somebody got sloppy and attracted a witch. We will not fail. Other teams have failed. They blew it, and they paid the price. We will too, if we miss our deadline. And then he'll kill us and take four willing souls from in there and anoint them. They'll be the next Four Horsemen. Glad to see you two aren't giving up. We need War, he's the big gun. He's the one who was gonna set nation against nation and do all the heavy work. - Then we'll get him back. - By 7:00? We have to. Now, just listen to me, all right. Who got vanquished and left you boss? I have a plan. Do you have a plan? Of course you have a plan. The same plan you always have: Kill them all. - You looking for a fight? - It's my specialty. We don't have much time. Hear him out. All we have to do is find where he is. Let's pull out the old books, do some research. All right? He has to be somewhere. We will bring him back. There's gotta be a way. Peace talks have broken down for the fourth, and possibly final time. Mortar fire could be heard throughout the... Police clashed with rioters... Maybe if we break down the spell and the potion. I am so sorry. - Did you find anything? - I've been looking. And? Tell us you found something. I've been through the whole book, and I can't find anything that matches the four beings you described. - What about disappearances? - Nothing. Okay, we have to look under "botched vanquishes." I've been through the whole book, there is no explanation for what happened to Prue. But you agree she's not dead? I don't understand. Wait, wait, l... Wait a minute, l... I can't do this. Phoebe tells me to have hope, and you tell me there isn't any? I just need to know. Are you okay? She's here. Who's here? Prue. She went right through me. I felt her presence. It's hard to describe, but... Didn't you see her? In the wind? She's in the wind? No, Phoebe, it's like she spoke to me. She's alive. Are you sure? Because if she's in the wind, doesn't that mean she's a spirit? - No. - No. She could be on another plane, trying to break through. Okay, well, then we have to help her. Prue? Prue, honey, are you still here? Help us find you, Prue. H... ...E... ...L... ...P. Honey, how can we help you? What was that? Did she do it to you too? No, it was something else. Or someone else. Evil. Cold. What is that? Prue? She's alive, but she's in trouble. Okay, so she's alive. And if she can find us, then we can find her. It must be the fourth suit that's after her. Maybe the combination of our magic did this to them. We need to figure out who those suits are. Okay, Leo, you go ask your bosses, whoever they are, whatever they are, who those guys are, and how we get our sister back. Now. Orb. Faster. - Wind. - Wind? - Can you think of anything else? - Mist. I've checked everywhere. - I can't figure out what happened. - I'm telling you, it is the witches. - They did this, they must know. - What? We're losing momentum across the board, especially in war. Peace has broken out in several areas this afternoon. Damn it. If we're going down, we're not going alone. Let's find those damn witches and take them down too. Renewed fighting in the war. War drags on. War. It's him, he's alive. - In the war. - War. - War. - Help. - Hang in there, partner. We'll get you back, then we'll punish those witches. No, cease-fire. Cooperation. Wait, you want us to work with the witches? Need them to free me. How are we supposed to find them? Ask the Source. I still haven't found our four adversaries, but I think I have an idea of where Prue might be. And how to get her back? We have to do that before this thing hurts her. Well, remember when Leo said that Prue might be on another plane? Well, maybe we banished her somehow. Now, there are 11 planes of existence... Eleven planes? We don't have time to search 11 planes. Prue's been quiet for a really long time. Maybe we're too late. Piper, stay with me. Okay? We cannot give up. Did you find out where she is? No. But I have a message from them. - She's not...? - No, no. While I was there, they were contacted by their counterparts on the other side. Are you telling me evil called good, and good answered? Look, these suits that you're dealing with have the highest possible connections. Their bosses talked to my bosses. - About Prue? - About the whole situation. They wanna have a meeting with you. What could they want from us? They already have Prue. Prue and their partner are trapped in a netherworld between good and evil. And the only way to release them is for good and evil to cooperate. You have to work with the suits. Are we allowed to do that? Look, all they told me was to give you the message, and to let you decide whether you wanted to do it. Did they mention what they think we should do? Free will, it's a big thing with them. Wonderful. So where's the meeting? - You're gonna do it? - Did you show up to the party late? Of course we're gonna do it. You can never get into bed with evil, you know that. It could be a trap. Leo, thank you for your opinion, but your bosses did say they were leaving the decision up to us, so maybe you should too. Look, I can't. The last time that you went up against this evil, you lost Prue. All right, now, and you're gonna go up against it again? Both of you could be lost this time. We're not gonna go up against them, we're gonna work with them, right? But they'll betray you. All right? This is how evil works. This is why evil loves free will so much. Because humans use it to follow their heart. And evil takes advantage of that. So, Leo, what are our options? You have to try and save her by yourselves. But, Leo, we don't know how. We have to work with them. But you don't even know who they are. We tried, but they weren't in the book. Which means they probably aren't even demons or warlocks anyway. Okay, then, what are they? Look, in the hierarchy of evil, there are several species greater than demons. Ferocious, impossible to vanquish. And these went to extraordinary lengths to ask for this meeting. Who knows what will happen when the four of them are reunited? I don't care what happens, we just want Prue back. So do I, but this is not the way. Leo, it's the only way we know. We have to save Prue. This is where we were supposed to come, right? - Right. - And it's not a trap, right? Please tell me we're doing the right thing. Or we're making the biggest mistake in the world. Thank you for coming. And you are? Anxious to get this over with. Let's go. - Are you in a hurry? - You stalling? - Do you want your sister back? - Do you want your friend back? Let's do business. - Hey, hey. - What are you doing? Just making room. Of course. Taking notes. - Of course. - Old habits are hard to break. I'm sure we can put that all aside and get this done. Or die trying. You know, it's bad enough working with them, but to bring them here? To the manor where we're the strongest and the safest? Or maybe we should've gone to their place, not that they offered. And why not? Why give up home-field advantage unless you're hiding something? Of course they're hiding something, they're evil. Okay, if we can reconstruct exactly what happened in the alley, we might be able to figure out what sent them away and undo that. I was standing there. No, actually, I was there. You were here. No, he's right. It was more like... this. Okay, you know what? If we can't agree on this, we're not gonna get anything done. Okay, it was more like this. It was here... here... ...and our missing friends were here. - Phoebe? - I see it, Piper. What? What do you see? A pentagram, our lucky sign. Actually, a pentagram was a sign of good energy until - your side stole it. - Okay. Is it possible that the five of us, by forming a pentagram, somehow created some weird, magical energy field? With Prue and your friend in the middle. There must've been a vortex. Okay, if we could figure out how we opened it, maybe we could figure out how to open it again. - And release them. - And who knows what else. This is good, keep it up. I'll check things back at the office. Page me when you have the answer. Ladies. I'm leaving too. - Where are you going? - I'm gonna follow this guy back and find out who he is. What is he? He is none of your business. Okay, since this is supposed to be a joint effort, what is your contribution? Perhaps it was the combination of our chants that opened this vortex. What language were you chanting in? Actually, it's a dead language that we sometimes use for ceremonial purposes. How festive. I'll tell you mine, if you tell me yours. Okay, while you two do that, I'll go remake the potion because we're going to need it. - Mind if I watch? - Yes, I do. Perhaps the largest peacetime loss of life... Put the military in control of the government... Who the hell are you and what...? Sir. It's your standard chant to destroy the common witch. Clearly, you're no common witch, though. Thank you. Okay, the first line. I'll interpret. "I call you, servants of the unholy," and then... Now... ...being a bad guy and all, you wouldn't happen to be lying to me, would you? Well, being a bad guy and all, would you believe me if I told you no? I don't like these numbers at all. I gave specific instructions to spread cholera, especially in Central Asia. What happened? I'm asking you a question. If somebody is vaccinating these people, I wanna know about it. Find out. Now. The smallpox outbreak in Venezuela, let it spread. - What is that? Tattoo? - Yes. - What does it mean? - Nothing. It goes with the job. What are you doing? I am re-creating the potion I made for our first meeting. I think it might help get Prue and... - Our friend. ...back. So, what are you four up to? You really expect me to answer that? We're supposed to be working together, and we don't know anything about each other. I know you're a witch. - And you are? - Not. Look, we just want our partner back. That's all you need to know. It's all business, just like it is for you. No, she's our sister, it's completely personal. Every mortal's weakness. That's why you always lose. So this is great. We both did spells at the same time, but we did it on the wrong people. So I think that we... Am I the only one that's working here? Have you always been a witch? What? Why? I don't know, something about you. You ever been a demon? I think we need to get back to our chants. Meaning yes? No. I have never been a demon. - You know, we're not that different. - No. We're both trying to undo the other side. A worthy challenge. I think I figured out... ...how good and evil mix together. To such powerful results. I know how to undo that. You all right? No. I'm a bit queasy. - What's going on? - I don't know. - What did you do? - I didn't do anything. What did you do? - What happened? - Hard to say. - Are you all right? - I'm not sure. So do you have an answer yet? Reverse polarity. - In the pentagram. - And in the chants. If we stand in the opposite points and say the opposite words in the chant, "save" instead of "vanquish" and so on... That will reopen the vortex, we will get them back, then we can get back to business. And we could get on with our lives. It's 6:00 now. So why don't we go back to the office, get organized, and we can all meet up at 6:30 sharp? We... We have an appointment at 7, so... Okay, what really happened? It was Prue. She was trying to spell something out on the spirit board, but all I got was "four, H, O." Four, H, O. Four hours? Maybe she feels that's all the time she has left. Rescue facilities are up to capacity, overflow victims seek shelter in the streets. Dysentery and diphtheria take their toll. It can't be. Security breach. Grab him. Never mind him, keep working. We're running out of time. Are you sure they're willing to do their half? They seem to want this as badly as we do. Great, you're here. We're done. We have everything figured out. You sure? Leo, what are you wearing? Where have you been? I just followed the black tie back to his office. Leo, they'll think we don't trust them. And you shouldn't trust them, Piper. You wanna know who they are? They are the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. The Four Hor... That's what Prue was trying to tell us. Don't you understand what's at stake? If you save Prue, you will release the fourth Horseman and bring about the end of the world. I don't believe you. Leo, it doesn't change anything. We would help the Source himself if we thought we could get Prue back. Listen, they wear the mark of the Anointed Ones. The omega. It means the end. - The tattoo on the neck? - Yes. The missing Horseman is War. You've been dealing with Strife, Famine and Death. They're gonna begin the apocalypse as soon as they're reunited. I thought dodging the Y2K bullet bought us more time on the whole apocalypse thing. You know why nothing happened on New Year's Eve? Because it wasn't the real millennium. The monks who converted the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar made some critical errors. So when does the new millennium start? - Tonight, approximately at... - Seven o'clock. Which is probably why they wanna meet us at 6:30. Right, then all four Horsemen can be in place to begin the apocalypse. You cannot let that happen. - Leo, we know what we're doing. - No, you don't. You're thinking like sisters, mortal sisters. Well, what are we supposed to think like? Like the Charmed Ones. - You have a duty. - To save our sister. Look, Leo, we've made up our mind. We're gonna save Prue. It's not like we could beat them without her. Look, only the Source can vanquish them, Phoebe. For failing. Think of the times the world has been on the brink. You know, Hitler, the Cuban Missile Crisis. Each time, a team of Horsemen has almost succeeded. And then failed and been destroyed and replaced by a new team. So then we'll make sure that they fail too. They are closer than any team has ever been. Then we obviously need Prue to beat them. Oh, my God. You have not heard a thing I've said. Look... ...I love Prue too. You know that. But just like when you went to the future, you saw that sometimes there are more important things than saving your sister. Give it up. If War's not back soon, we're history. The Source is going to burn us off the map. We are not going down alone. Instead of just standing here, let's go hunt those witches down and kill them. I told you they'd double-cross us. It's why they sent their man to spy on us. We were doing research, it's just good business. Let's just kill them now. Oh, but you need us. You can't end the world without us. So you know who we are. Yeah, and we came anyway. See, on our side of things, we call that "good faith." Call it whatever you want, let's just do it. Hurry. - You ready? - Bring it on. Battle stations. What did you see? Let's just get this over with. Sower of discord Your help we implore - Phoebe. - Leo's right. I saw what's gonna happen, Piper. We can't do this. We can't be selfish. Why aren't you two chanting? You keep going. Why did you stop? We're running out of time. Do you know what you're doing? You're killing your own sister. There's more at stake here than sisterhood. I'm finished. Did they finish? No, and we're not going to. We had a deal. We shook on it. That was a mistake in more ways than one. We know what you want, and we're gonna make sure you don't get it. Even if that means losing our sister forever. Look. They didn't finish their chant. How can the vortex open? The Source is opening it. No! - What are you doing? - Well, the vortex is open. If we finish it before they're destroyed, maybe we could pull Prue out. Listen to me now With these words of truce Prue, you all right? It's okay now, everything's gonna be okay now. Thanks for saving my life. Look at them. They'll all live to dance another day, and what do we get? We saved the whole darn world. The least we could get is a thank-you, you know. - Ladies. - Hey, Leo. I know this has been hard on all of you. Yeah, well, we sort of made it hard on you too. - Leo, it's just... - It's okay, Piper, we were just doing our job. Okay. The master of understatement. Is there anything else? No, I was just at a meeting. And they told me that it was your act of complete selflessness that stopped the Source's plan from going forward. So the Four Horsemen were destroyed because Piper and Phoebe were willing to sacrifice me? The Horsemen's bosses said it was a sign there was still too much good in the world to make the apocalypse successful. So are they giving up? No, in fact, they'll probably try harder from now on. Do you wanna have a drink with us, Leo? No, you need time together. Just you three. I'll see you. You know, you two faced an incredibly hard thing... ...and you made the right decision, of your own free will. I am so, so, so sorry, Prue. - So am I. - There's no apologies necessary. We were all just doing our jobs. I just have to deal with it. Everyone has to vote on this. What if the building is on fire.