we saw one like it in the last alley and the 150 before that. They all start to look the same after a while. Now where is this paragon of good we're supposed to protect? Hey, slow down. We gotta be careful. I just need to get home before Leo is sentenced. When the Elders hand down their punishment, you're gonna know. Well, this waiting business sucks! Leo was an Avatar for less time than it's taking them to make up their minds. It's gonna be okay. You're not gonna lose Leo again. The Elders still need him. They're not gonna do anything rash. Besides, it's Phoebe we should be worrying about. Her man's disappearing tonight. Her what? She didn't tell me she had a thing for Drake. Well, she didn't tell me either, but he's cute, he's funny, he's smart and he's destined to leave. That sounds like her type to a T. How many times does a girl have to get hurt before she just wakes up! So you think she's... ...the innocent. No I don't think she's the innocent. I think she definitely has a part... Behind you, the innocent. If you women need a hot meal and a place to crash... Okay, hi. I'm wearing lip gloss, do I look homeless? For god sakes. I think Phoebe's just been unlucky in love lately. Do ya think? Hey! Ugly, metal thing! Did we know that the female spits thorns? We need to have Leo look at this. It's fine, really. Leo? - Why are you wearing those? - The Elders made their decision. - I have to go. - Right now? You can't go right now, the boys are in school, you won't be able to say... This isn't goodbye, okay? I'm just going to find out what my punishment is. You make it sound like it's no big deal. What if it's bad? Well, then we'll deal with it. You're the one who said the Elders couldn't yank me away. That was before I had time to stress out about it. At least now we're gonna know. That's a good thing. The waiting's been killing us. Yeah, I know, it's just... I have a bad feeling. Me too. But we've been through worse. We just have to have faith. - I love you. - I love you too. Good luck. Unfortunately the council has been unable to decide your fate, Leo. So that's good, right? - I'm not gonna be punished? - We didn't say that. We understand and we fully accept how being betrayed by an Elder, by Gideon, led you to the Avatars. That doesn't excuse your betraying us. The council has come to realize that the problem is your effort to balance two worlds, yours with us and yours with Piper. The only solution is to find out which world you belong in, once and for all. - How? - A test, if you will. You'll be made mortal, stripped of your powers and memories and relocated. If the love you share for Piper is so strong that you're drawn back to her, then you will live with her forever. To live fully as a human, without any interference from us, ever again. What if I never find her? Then what? Then it means that your destiny is with us, and we will welcome you. - You'll never see your family. - You out of your mind? I won't do that. - You have no choice. - You have to know, Leo. This is not about punishing you, this is about helping you find your way. If I end up with Piper, how do I know you won't eventually butt in again? Or if I wind up with you as an Elder, how do you know I'm not gonna leave, by falling from grace? - No Elder has ever done that before. - You take away my family and I will. We're not taking away anything from you. This is about you making a choice. Not us. Don't you see? This is the only way. Your heart will guide you to your destiny, be it love or the greater good. Whatever way it turns out, we will honour it. As you also must. Fine, I'll do it. But first, I'm gonna say 'bye to Piper. It doesn't work that way. Look, I said I'd take your damn test. I'm gonna say goodbye to my family. No! The test begins now! - Come on, we gotta get you outta here. - Come on. Check on his legs. Move the Jeep! Go! Go! Go! What the hell. You got any idea what you're doing? Bite down! Get in there! How the hell did you know to do that? It doesn't look too bad. They should be able to sew that up. Got lucky for once, almost runnin' over a doctor. You are a doctor, right? I don't know. What do you mean you don't know? Leo went to the Elders this morning, haven't heard from him since. That's crazy. We've been to the Alps and back. How long does it take to hand down a sentence? In defence of the Elders, when you live for an eternity, time does get skewed. Well, we're human, so this is torture. This is ridiculous. Listen, what the hell did you do to Leo? We tried that already, didn't work so much. I'm not saving another innocent till I find out what happened. You hear me? I'm not saving another innocent till you tell us what's going on here! Don't worry. - Leo's fine. - So then where is he? Piper, the Elders came to the consensus that Leo has lost his way. So we've sent him on a path towards following his destiny. Like the prodigal son out to find his way in the world? This Elder speak is not working for me. I need straight answers. What exactly did you do to him? We erased his memories and put him back on Earth, as a mortal. - Somewhere you'll never find him. - What? He doesn't remember anything? Piper or his sons? Nothing? - Not even having been an Elder. - That's crazy. You don't have the right to wipe out someone's mind. - An entire life, my life? - Leo was not just someone, Piper. He was an Elder, by his own choice. He knew all that that entailed. He was also a husband and a father by choice, and he would never abandon his family! This was not an easy decision for us, we love Leo up there as much as you do down here. He wasn't killed, or recycled. I hope that you can find comfort in that. You lobotomized the love of my life and you want me to take comfort in what? You've got a lot of nerve, lady. Now I don't want to see you again or any of your kind, ever again. We're done with all of you. Now please, go. Don't give up hope. You need to stop talking. Now get out of my house. That's ridiculous. Piper, I know this seems really bad but we can't give up hope. Leo is out there somewhere, and I'm sure there's lots of ways we can find him. - How? - I don't know. We can scry for him. He doesn't have his powers, so that might be difficult. - We could... I don't know. - This is your idea of a rah-rah speech? You're supposed to cheer her up, not push her off the ledge. Well, you know what, Paige? Maybe I'm just rah-rah-ed out. Maybe it's time we face the fact that perhaps we're not meant to find love. That is ridiculous. How many Halliwell women have actually been able to hold on to their men? Name one. You're right. That's so depressing. Exactly. We're destined to be spinsters. - All for the greater good. - We might as well be nuns. - With better outfits. - Now we... all right, let's... ...86 that kind of talk now people, we will not give up on love. Repeat, not give up on love, love is everything. That's why you're here, that's why I'm here. I thought you were here to teach. The point is, you're young, you're hot, you got magic powers, come on, the whole life's ahead of you! That's sweet, and we appreciate you trying, but you die at midnight, and we have to keep fighting. But love never dies. You might as well die with me if you're gonna give up. Leo and Piper's love, it's epic, it's massive, like Romeo and Juliet, Anthony and Cleopatra, Brad and Jennifer. All tragedies, I might add. Better to have loved and lost than yada yada yada. The point is it's not lost. I mean, he's lost, but he's not lost. All you gotta do is find Leo. Either way, if the Elders don't want us to find him, we're not gonna be able to. They're gonna leave it up to him. Come on. The longer you take to look for Leo, the harder he's gonna be to find. Or we can stay here and feel sorry for ourselves. My husband just developed a serious case of amnesia. - Give me a moment! - Phoebe. If love isn't worth fighting for, then what is? We'll look in the Book of Shadows and see if there's a way to find Leo. Amen. - I could check at Magic School. - Now we're talkin'. Piper, Call Darryl. Now that Leo's mortal, he might be able to track him. - Could we go upstairs? - What? The Book of Shadows. Let's go. That ought to do it. Once we get you in the system, we'll be on the road to finding out who you really are. - Thanks. - You sure you don't remember anything? Normally, a person with amnesia remembers something. I wish I did. Believe me. Well, at least we know you're one of the good guys. Saved old Clyde's life. The paramedics told me that the way you fixed up his leg looked professional. Instinct, I guess. It seems to me that you could be a doctor, or a medic or something. - Anything ring a bell? - No, nothing. It's okay. It'll come to you. Just gonna take some time. You see that? Old Glen's got you on the database already. You're bound to be a bit jumpy. I'm guessing you went through some kind of hell to get here. Yeah, maybe. Let me take you to Nadine's to get something to eat while we sift through the computer. I'd rather stay here. A man can't think straight on an empty stomach. Besides, chances are you got some loved ones out there looking for you, and once we get the word out, they'll find you soon enough. Come on. We'll never find him, not scrying anyway. And I don't think we're gonna make it to the Taj Mahal by sunset. I feel terrible about ruining your last day here. Don't scry for me, Argentina. I'm exactly where I want to be. - In a dingy attic? - Helping those I'm leaving behind. See, that's the other really irritating thing. You're hell-bent on helping Piper and Leo, and yet you won't let us help you. Phoebe, I made a deal. I got to be human for a whole year, my time is up. I know, but you made a deal with a demon. We're the good guys, the Charmed Ones, why don't you let us help you? Because I've done all I need to do to die a happy man, all except one thing. - See Niagara Falls? - Make sure you don't give up on love. Please. Not that again. Look, I'm just being realistic. I have been heartbroken so many times by love, that I'm beginning to think that I'm supposed to live my life without it. That is ridiculous. Nobody is. I've been demonic without love. I know what I'm talking about. Love is transcendent, it's miraculous. It also can save Piper and Leo. Well, I hope so, because if it can't I'm joining the convent. The Elders had an original thought for once. There's no precedent for what they've done. We can't find anything either. Maybe I should try scrying for him, maybe my Whitelighter side can tap into something in him. It would be great to be able to tell Piper something good for once. Darryl, you have to do something, anything. I'm doing the best that I can. The only fingerprints that I have on Leo are from World War II, and I can't use them because they don't match his photograph, he's too young. - But you have to find him. - I will, I promise. - It just might take a little time. - Well, how long? Long enough that he has a new life, a new wife and new kids? - That is not acceptable! - Piper, just take a breath. I don't need to take a breath, I need to find my husband! Oh, God. Somebody please help me! Oh, no! Am I dead again?! Well, not yet, anyway. I don't know which is worse. The fact that I'm dying, or that I'm gonna be spending my last dying moments with you. I'd say that's what you should be worried about. You're not looking so hot. - What? - What? - What are you doing here? - You called for me. - I didn't call for you. - You asked for help. Here I am. You're the answer to my prayers? I don't think so, that's just plain... Piper! Oh, my God! Piper! Piper, wake up! Piper! - Guys, hi, over here. - They can't hear you. Or see you. Thorn demon, I knew I should have had Leo heal her. Or maybe it's the shock of losing Leo? - Maybe both. - Guys! Look really, over here! Watch. - Nice try. - Shut up! I've run into a few of these thorn demons myself. Those pricks can be vicious. Pun intended. The poison works slowly but is also fatal. Wait, fatal? We're gonna have to call the Elders to heal her. Over my dead body. - Piper will kill us. - She'll be alive! If it's slow working, that'll give us time. Maybe we can have some sort of options. I hate this. I feel so out of control, like there's nothing we can do. We gotta find Leo. - He can't help us anymore. - He's the only one who can. You weren't paying attention to my love rant. - Are you saying she's lovesick. - That's ridiculous. And it can kill her. Happens all the time to the bereaved. If we heal Piper, she still needs Leo. Pay attention. He could be on to something. What do you know? You and I should go down to see Darryl and help speed this whole thing up. Come on. It's a poison thorn. Could somebody please go check the Book? I'm gonna check the Book upstairs, see what I can do for Piper. - Call us if she gets worse. - Don't worry, love will conquer all. What beauty. "She doth teach the torches to burn bright." What? Nothing. Since when do you quote Shakespeare? It's a recent affliction, actually. But the demon is right, you know. It is all about love. What are you, exactly? Ghost? Demon? Poltergeist? Nightmare? None of the above. We're caught in a cosmic void... ...between life and death. - I'm stuck with you? - No. If you play your cards right, you can get out of this limbo. I'm the one who's here for all eternity. Paying penance for your evil past. You were the smart one. - Cut the crap. - And direct. I miss that. Actually, no, I don't. Can you please just tell me what you're doing here? Simple. I'm here to help keep you and Leo... together. Right. I'm trying to do a good deed, make sure that you don't end up like me. - This is the thanks I get. - I know what you're doing. This is just a ploy to break out of your ungodly plane and back into our lives. - See? I'm right. - I'm not above an ulterior motive. - Exactly. - But... ...l'm here for one reason and one reason only: To help you find your love... while you still can. Looks like you worked up an appetite being the big hero this morning. Since it's on the house, why don't you try something a bit more substantial? No, this is amazing. I think it was the best pie I ever had. I'd take that as a compliment, except that you can't remember tying your own shoelaces. I bet you have someone somewhere who cooks for you just fine. When it all comes back to you. I'm sorry, I tend to stick my foot in it. It's okay. Just wish I could remember. It looks like you had a wedding ring on. I guess. - Maybe she dumped you. - What? No... Maybe she smacked you on the head with some cast iron for cheatin' on her and knocked you out. I wish I'd done that when I found my husband cheatin' on me. She didn't dump me. Are you remembering somethin'? Just... ...a feeling. Yes, amnesia, he doesn't remember a thing. His family's getting desperate. Yeah, we'll send a photo right over. Thank you. 150 police stations down and another ba-jillion to go. Like searching for a needle in a haystack. I know it's daunting but we can't give up hope. Maybe that Elder didn't want us to. What are you saying? I think she was trying to tell Piper something. Why would she tell Piper not to give up hope if hope was already lost? - Do you think it's a test? - If it is, it's one we'd better pass. Any luck? Besides the John Doe that you two found, my guys have come up with two more. Any way we can speed this up? I have as many men as I can without drawing suspicion. This looks like something you want to see. A John Doe saved some guy's life in Texas. - Can I help ya? - I don't know. Maybe. Are you going to San Francisco? - Want a ride? - Sure. All right, well hop in. Thanks. You gotta have a remedy in here. Come on, damn it! Sorry. I just let a little bit of the old demon slip out there. Won't happen again. Come on, would you? "Tips for future Whitelighters. To my sons Wyatt and Chris." Future Whitelighters, huh? Stubbornness is definitely a family trait. You've tried going upstairs twice, out the front door four times and through the wall five... Make that six... times. But you haven't tried the chimney yet. - I thought ghosts could go any place. - You're not a ghost. You will be if you don't start trusting me. There is only one way out. The last Halliwell that trusted you ended up burying your demonic spawn. Not one of my finer moments. But Phoebe will make a great mom. Can you blame me for wanting to be the dad? - You're wasting your time. - Is that any way to treat family? - You're starting to get on my nerves. - Why? Because I know you so well? Remember, I go all the way back to Prue. I was at your wedding. Fact is, Leo and I are a lot alike. We both tried to change the world to save our marriages. You are nothing alike. Just because we have history doesn't mean you know anything about me or love. Like it or not, Phoebe and I were very much in love. Until she suddenly fell out of love with you rather quickly, remember? I'll never forget. That's why we were doomed. But you and Leo aren't. What you have is powerful, enduring. A lot of good it's done us. He's wandering around aimlessly with no idea who he is, and I'm in a coma. Look, you have someone out there who needs you as much as you need him. If you don't have faith in that love, it's not the only thing that'll die. If Leo's not here, we've got nothing. We should have come here first instead of traipsing all over the map. He can't be far, the sheriff just saw him here not too long ago. Hi, maybe you can help us? We're looking for somebody, this guy right here. Have you seen him? I didn't think a fellow like that'd stay lost for long. He left about an hour ago, hitched a ride on a big rig. - A big rig? - Any idea where they were headed? West, I think. Had some kind of California sign. I'm gonna call Darryl, have him get in touch with the highway patrol. Look, we really need to find him and we're running out of time. We need a car. - What was that intersection? - I don't know. Just keep going West. It's a bumpy ride. Newer rigs have better shocks. But maybe it'll jog your memory. It does feel like it's starting to come back some. - I know somebody needs me. - I'm not surprised. I heard how you saved that man's life back there. Anybody else would have done the same thing. You are wrong there. Not everybody's got the calling. Maybe this means there's a bunch of somebodys out there that need you. Maybe it's your love of helping others that you're really looking for. You obviously have the healing touch. I don't know about that. Although it did seem familiar, like I had a purpose. Perhaps you were working for the greater good, helping people when you lost your memory. Maybe you sense that the people that you were helping still need you. I guess I have to hang in there till my memory comes back, huh? Listen to that inner voice. You sound more like a man of the cloth. In a way, maybe I am. You learn a lot about life on the road. It's lonely sometimes, but I take heart in knowing that whatever sacrifices I make personally, I'm bringing people what they need. To me that's what it's all about. I'm gonna head north soon. You're welcome to join us. 'Us'? Others who think like I do. You know, who want to help. If you think that you're meant to be somewhere else, that's okay too. It's up to you. I'm not sure what's so hard to grasp. Love transcends every plane of existence, all you need to do is believe in it and send it to Leo. What does that mean? I don't understand. I could never get through to you. I could sense when there was something wrong with Phoebe. Leo is not sensing that something is horribly wrong with me. Because he doesn't know who you are. Which means it's gonna take a bigger jolt from you to jog his memory. It's odd how invested you are, considering I'm the one who helped vanquish you. You know, bygones and all. But you're changing the subject. Yes I am. And this is not gonna go any further until you tell me what you're getting out of this. Me? I don't know what you're talking about. I know you as well as you think you know me. So if you want me to trust you, then you need to come clean first. I don't want Phoebe to give up on love. What? She hasn't been able to find love since me, or at least hold on to it. I know that's... my fault. You should have thought of that before you decided to become the source of all things evil. I already feel guilty enough, all right? Why aren't you talking to Phoebe about this? You're my only hope. I'm cursed to live in eternity without love. I don't want Phoebe to be cursed too. She needs love, she deserves it. She's not gonna keep looking for it unless you give her a reason. You and Leo are that reason. All right. So how I do this love beacon thing? All you need to do is let go, so that you move on to the next cosmic plane. I see. You mean the one where I'm dead. It's the only way to get through to Leo. No. I can't. I have a family, I have boys that need me. - That doesn't even make any sense! - Yes, it does. A person halfway across the world knows the instant their loved one is hit by a car. It's because they're struck with a sudden burst of love, a psychic shock. The shock that can only come from loss of a loved one. You need to let go. You need to die. What happens when that doesn't work? What happens when he doesn't feel this psychic jolt and I'm just dead? I can't take that chance. Besides, my sisters will figure out a way to save me, they always do. And then you risk losing Leo and your boys for good. Can you take that chance? This is where I head north. What's it gonna be? I've been thinking about that work you're doing. I can assure you, there is nothing more rewarding. It would be nice to have a sense of purpose. You need to make a choice. Every man does. I know. - This has to be it. - I hope we're not too late. Your destiny lies ahead of you. Which way is it gonna be? Let's go. You made the right decision. - Leo, thank God. - Sorry, do I know you? What are you doing here? And what did you do to Leo? We let destiny run its course. And so should you. - Piper? - I got here as soon as I could. The damn Elders. None of this would be happening if they didn't take Leo. You're right. We have to get the Elders. They're the only ones who can help. Even if they heal her body, only Leo can heal her soul. Unfortunately, Leo chose the Elders over Piper. It's not like we can force him to remember his wife. But you can. And you better do it fast. Trust me, it's your only hope. And hers. Your destiny is with Leo. You need to learn to trust that. This can't be a dead end. Let me double check the Book. I was very thorough, there's nothing there. What was that? Wait, I know what to do. Orb me to the bridge. She just woke up, we can't just leave her. I'll stay with her. Go work on her spirit. Bridge, now! You can do it, Piper. Look, we know you have Leo. Bring him down here now! Leo, Piper's dying. You have to come with us. I'm sorry, who? He doesn't know who she is or who you are. - You did this to him. - Leo has chosen his own path. By you leading him there? How is this a fair test? Some things are so important that they cannot be left to chance. You need to come home now because Piper needs you. - I'm there for all those in need. - Look, this is not a test. He's made his own decision. It's done. No, it's not done. Leo and Piper are still in love. You can erase his memory but you can't erase that. It'll seep into his consciousness until he remembers. I know this is a great loss for you and that you're going to need time to mourn. No. We won't. Because he's not gonna leave, you can't take him away from Piper. Look, their love is true. It's a true love, and it's bigger than you, and the Elders, and... all of this. What are you doing? Oh, my God! - What the hell just happened? - He has fallen from grace. Leo, are you okay? Take me to Piper, she needs me. Destiny has spoken. He's made his choice. He's mortal now. You should hurry. You're too late. Wyatt already healed her. - Wyatt? - Thank God. Good job, baby. - How did you know he could do that? - I didn't. He did. He even put it in the Book. Looks like you got a second generation Whitelighter on your hands. Did you heal your mummy? You're such a big boy, I'm so proud of you. I thought you were never gonna find your way home. Your faith brought me back. I could hear you calling me, like you were right there next to me. I had a good coach. An old friend. I'll explain later. That looks like it hurts. It doesn't matter. All that matters is that we're together again. I'm never leaving you again. Come here, buddy, come here. Look who it is. Can you give Daddy a hug? Hug, hug, hug. "Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore, so do our minutes hasten to their end." I'm gonna miss Shakespeare. That's why I left you this. The complete works to peruse at your leisure. Thank you. I can't believe it's been three weeks already, and so much has happened. I know. It's been such a whirlwind. Burlesque, big fan, Sherwood Forest, I mean, come on, hold the tights, thank you very much. And a real life Romeo and Juliet. That's just a typical week for us. What do you expect? You're charmed. You really helped me move on. Thank you. Are you kidding? Thank you. I couldn't think of a better day to die. Sorry. I helped you find love. Come on, I did, didn't I? Come on, I did, I did. - You did. - Close one. If that doesn't get me into heaven, I don't know what will. I'll never forget what you did for me. I guess I fell for the right guy this time. "Parting is such sweet sorrow." He was right. I never knew what that meant till right now. I just... I have to ask you one question. How is it that you came into my life at the exact right time? A little bird told me. What's magic without mystery? All right, travel check list: Leave reference books for next instructor, bring a little wisdom to some young minds, save epic love... ...bask in your loving gaze. Yeah, that about covers it. Alas, pumpkin time. No need for you to watch my messy demise. Think of me when you dance. I'll miss you. You did good. Thanks. So did you. I couldn't have tasted life unless you set me up with that sorcerer. I just wish I could save you too. I've come to terms with my fate. Especially now that I know it won't be Phoebe's. That was a bold move, sending in thorn demons. I had to risk everything. Understandably. Well... ...here I go. That was interesting. Ashes to ashes. If it's any consolation, you did all that I asked for. - You saved Phoebe. - I did more than that, buddy. I fell in love with her. Understandably. Farewell, my friend. Leo? You okay? I just can't believe that I don't have powers any more. I don't hear jingling. I can't orb. Is that bad? Are you kidding? It's great! It's everything I wanted since I met you. Me too. You wanted a normal life. You take Wyatt, I'll get Chris.