They're by the TV. I can't find my plane ticket. - Did I give it to you? - Maybe you packed it. I didn't pack it. I just saw it. - I can't believe it. It worked. - Found it. Didn't you hear me looking for this? What are you doing on the furniture? No, you don't understand. I've been practicing how to call a premonition, and I did it. I saw a future event on command. Oh, and that's the good news. The bad news is I saw you missing your flight. Oh, great. If I don't get to Honolulu for the convention, my boss will fire me. We can't let that happen, especially since my job's hanging by a thread as it is. - Since when? - Oh, since all the demon-hunting - time-off I've been taking lately. - I am so behind. I didn't go shopping or pay the bills or call the cable guy or cancel my hair appointment. Don't worry about it, sweetie, I'll do it. - Are you sure? - Yeah, I mean, you've got time, right? Okay, so listen, we have stopped Phoebe's premonitions from coming true before. Hopefully we can do it again. Let's go. Okay, but wait, wait. I just realized the two of you haven't really ever been alone together. Piper, we're big girls now. I don't think we need you as a buffer anymore. Well, what about demon stuff? What if something happens and you need the power of three? Well, then the power of two will just have to do. - Good one. - All right, let's go. Hey, Phoebe, will you pick up my dry cleaning on the way back from the market, please? Yeah, and talk to the gardeners about the weeds. - And light bulbs, we need light bulbs. - Sure, I'll just add it to my list. - Great, thanks. Bye. - Go, go. I'm not even married, and already I'm a housewife. Hello. Hey, Marianne. Oh, jeez, I completely forgot about Alcatraz. No, I can't go. I have a million errands to run. You know what, I'll be right over. You don't seriously plan on spending the rest of eternity marooned here, do you? I'll find a way off this rock on my own, don't worry. Who are you kidding, Jackson? You've been stuck here ever since they executed you. Thirty-six long years, trapped between life and death. Big deal. I've learned how to do things in that time, break the physical plane, prepare for my revenge. Revenge, how mortal. Go to hell. That's what I do, only never alone. I ferry souls there, every one I can get my little hands on, so to speak. Yeah, well, you're not gonna get your little hands on this one, lady, so just forget it. Don't worry, Jackson. I don't want your soul. I want a witch's. They're prize catches. Trophies. So, what's that got to do with me? If you let me get you off the island to get your revenge, witches will try to stop you. And the only way they can do that is to become vulnerable to me. Then I'll have them right where I want them. Speaking of witches. Twenty-eight inmates died here, nine while attempting to escape, and four by execution. Legend has it that one of them still haunts the prison to this very day. The ghost of Alcatraz, believed to reside in this very cell. - The ghost, oh, jeez. - Let's see if he's in, shall we? Now, if you listen closely, you can actually hear the ghost's cries. There, hear him? What an idiot. Look at him as your "get out of jail free" card. - Oh, my God. - Marianne, call 911, quick. What did you do? Who are you? - You can see me? - Forget her for now. There's your ride off the island. Hop in. Oh, no. No, what are you...? Don't... Hope you enjoyed the tour. See you. Bye. In all honesty, Prue, if it weren't for you, I'm not sure the auction house would've been able to stave off bankruptcy. - Thank you. - Oh, don't thank me yet. Now, I have tolerated your unexplained absences and the endless family emergencies, but no more. Buyers interested in purchasing Buckland's will be visiting in the next two days, and it's important we make a big impression. It's important that you make a big impression if you expect to keep your job. Do I make myself clear? Perfectly. I'm sorry, Prue, but your sister's on the phone. I'll call her back. She says it's an emergency. Hey, have you ever heard of the ghost of Alcatraz? Are you kidding me? This is why you pulled me out of a meeting? No, Prue, you don't understand. I think the ghost really exists.</i> - Did you see it? - No, of course not, I mean, how could I? I wasn't at Alcatraz. I had way too much work around here to do. So then what makes you think that there was a ghost? My friend saw it. Marianne. You know Marianne. Actually, she thinks she saw two ghosts. Or the other one may be something else. She's not really sure.</i> - Phoebe. - What? Witches aren't the only people that can see ghosts. Normal people can too. Anyway, I did some research, and I found out that some evil spirits</i> need a dead body to transport them across water. Okay, look, I'm really sorry that the furnace exploded, but you're gonna have to handle it on your own, okay? Okay, but if this ghost is on the mainland... Don't forget to buy tampons at the market. Hello? Just: Singed eyebrows. You take some of the old case files home with you by any chance? No. Why? Missing a couple. Hope the captain's not reviewing them. You wanna talk about it? Talk about what? About why you've been walking around here like a zombie lately. Like ever since you ran into Prue again. Come on, what's up? I wish I could tell you. I really do. I just have to work things out on my own first. Okay, you guys are the experts on the freaky cases. Figure this one out. Victim was stabbed 13 times in the chest, circular pattern. CSI combed the scene and, other than the knife, found no evidence. Except, check this out. Solid thumbprint. Yeah, but we didn't get it from dusting. - We got it from fluoroscoping. - Ultraviolet fingerprint. - Never heard of that. - We ran the print. This is where it gets freaky. It matches up to Jackson Ward, the serial killer that was executed at Alcatraz 36 years ago. - You sure about this? - Checked it twice. Dead guy's prints on a murder weapon. It's gotta be a mistake. Can I borrow this? Whoa, where are you going? Phoebe, I'm home. Phoebe. Phoebe, you didn't go to the market yet? Oh, no. I sort of got sidetracked with this ghost research. Besides, there isn't enough money in the household account. You should've told me. I would've had some transferred in. - What about the dry cleaning? - I will go tomorrow, I swear. I wanted to wear that suit to work tomorrow. Look, I know that I promised, but this just sort of seemed more important. We're not gonna get into a fight already, are we? I mean, I wouldn't wanna prove Piper right. - Andy, hi. - Hi. I was wondering if I'd see you again. I thought maybe you were mad at me. No, I just needed some space. It's one thing to suspect what your secret was. It's another thing to actually see it with my own eyes. So does that mean that maybe you're okay with it? Actually, I'm here on a case. The kind of case where, frankly, before, I'd probably be looking for a more logical explanation. Well, come on in. So, what's the case? The son of a former DA was brutally murdered. The only quote-unquote "evidence" points to the last man executed on Alcatraz - before it was closed down. - Jackson Ward. - How'd you know that? - Yeah, how did you know that? I told you, I was trying to figure out who the ghost of Alcatraz was, remember? Jackson Ward's name was at the top of the list. - Ghost? - Yeah. Hey, what's that? Ultraviolet fingerprint. Although, technically, there's no such thing. Could be the ghost's ectoplasm. It's outside the visual spectrum. - Book of Shadows. - Ectoplasm.</i> Yeah, it's the ghost's skin. Hey, do you have a picture of this Ward guy? Yep, that's him. Exactly how Marianne described him to me. - Amazing. - Very. And what about this former DA's son? Did Ward know him? Ward knew his father. He was the prosecutor who convicted him. Coincidence? I think not. It's gotta be the ghost who got off Alcatraz. You know, speaking of coincidences, don't you think it's an awfully big one that your friend saw this ghost? Prue, if we've learned anything by now, - it's there are no coincidences, right? - Right. Right. Andy, are you okay? I don't know. I'm just getting used to the idea of demons and witches. I don't know if I'm ready for ghosts too. - You ain't seen nothing yet. - Pheebs. If you're right, if it is the ghost of Ward who's the killer, how do I stop him from killing again? Judge Renault. Long time no see. You could've shown some mercy, given me life in prison, but you wanted me put to death. What's going on? Who's there? Do you have any idea how long it takes to die in a gas chamber? How much you suffer, what a cruel and horrible death it is? No. I helped you get your revenge. Now it's your turn to help me get a witch. Are you kidding, lady? I'm just getting started. Thirteen stab wounds, circular pattern, just like the other victim. Matches Jackson Ward's M.O. too. Must be a copycat killer. How would he know? The M.O. Was never released to the public. Can I see that? Already dusted for prints. Nothing. - Did you fluoroscope it? - What? - What the hell is that? - Don't ask. Ten bucks says it matches Ward's. Andy, don't go jumping off the deep end on me, okay? Jackson Ward is dead, been that way for a long time now. Well, somebody's going around killing people, or the descendants - of people who put him away. - Where are you going? Look, have someone put together a list of potential victims. Anybody who had anything to do with his conviction. Andy, wait. Wait. I'm sure Prue will be here shortly. She has a lot of... ...family emergencies. - Claire, I am so sorry. - Let me introduce you. This is Mr Yakihama, head of Acquisitions. Mr Yakihama, this is Prue Halliwell, one of our top specialists. - Hi, nice to meet you, sir. - Nice to meet you too. I trust everything's all right with your family? - Excuse me, Prue. - Not now, Monique. - May I help you? - Yeah, I need to see Ms Halliwell. It's police business. Excuse me. Are you trying to get me fired? I think Jackson Ward has killed again, Prue. Great. That's great. Why don't you just wait here a second. I'll take care of everything. Hi. - Phoebe? - Yeah, I'm up in the attic. - I always wondered what was up here. - Prue. The Book...</i> No, it's okay. I already told him about it. Look, Jackson Ward has killed again. We have to figure out a way to stop him. Have you found anything? Not really. I mean, there's just so many references in here. There's ghosts, poltergeists, evil spirits, phantasms. We are not dealing with a typical demon. Yeah, well, there has to be something in here about vanquishing an evil spirit. Well, actually, there is one spell, but I don't think we're gonna wanna use it. Why not? If it needs the power of three, we can always call Piper, right? No, that's not the problem. The problem is an evil spirit can't be vanquished on the physical plane, only the astral plane. His plane. Okay, so then how do we say the spell? Well, our spirits would have to say it. Meaning one of us would have to die for it to actually work. - Keep looking. - Right. I've always believed there was another world behind or beyond this one. I even sort of believe in demons, but I have never in my wildest dreams... I could never have imagined that this existed. Yeah, neither did we. But we've come to believe that there's a reason for why that world was opened up to us. Which means there's probably a very good reason why it was opened up to you too. Welcome to our little shop of horrors. - Are you doing that? - No, it just sometimes does it on its... ...own. - "The Truth Spell"? It's weird that it would open up to that page with Andy standing right here. Okay, you know what, it has to be a mistake, Phoebe. Or maybe there's a reason, Prue. - You did what last year? - Look, I just wanted to see how you would react to finding out I was a witch. So you cast a truth spell on me? Why didn't you just ask? Oh, because I was afraid you'd freak out on me. Which is exactly what you did, by the way. You just don't remember. Part of the spell. Wait a minute. My reaction to your being a witch isn't the reason we stopped seeing each other, is it? You wanted to stop seeing me first. Because you wouldn't say what your secret was. Yeah, which turned out to be a good thing, considering how you reacted. - Freaked out. - Kind of like what you're doing now. You haven't answered my question. Did that have anything to do with why we stopped seeing each other? Sort of. - Okay, yeah, it did. - And just out of curiosity, how much time did you give me to react anyway? - Why, what difference does it make? - How much time? A minute... or two. - A minute? - Or two. It was a 24-hour spell, all right? I was against the clock. That's what you based your entire decision about us on? I've had a week to react to it this time. I still don't know how I feel. You should've given me more time. I think I deserved that. We deserved that. Hey, you guys, since we don't know how to vanquish the ghost, we have to try to stop him from killing his next... ...victim. Am I interrupting something? No, we're done. What do you mean, stop him from killing his next victim? - How do we do that? - I have a power too, you know. Excuse me. Inspector Andrew Trudeau. I need the murder weapon for case R-13658. Sign that. I'll go get it. Thanks. Yeah, you told me to call if Trudeau showed. Yeah. He just left. Did you get that list of potential victims yet? Still working on it. It's a lot of names, especially when you add in the descendants. - Where you been? - You don't wanna know. Really? Try me. Maybe later, okay? Look, I gotta go. I'll take what you've got so far, check back with you later. We're partners, Andy. That means we work together. I know. But this is an exception. Inspector Morris? Inspector Rodriguez and Anderson, Internal Affairs. We need to talk to you about your partner. Okay, I got it. That's what Ward used to kill the judge. How exactly is this gonna work again? Well, I've been practicing calling my power, and if the psychic energy is strong enough on this, I should be able to see a future event. Hopefully, Jackson Ward's next victim. If we're lucky. It doesn't always work. Oh, my God. Are you all right? I didn't just see it, Prue, I felt it. Her pain, her terror. Any one of these look familiar? Iris Beiderman. The foreperson on the jury that convicted him. - You again. - "You again"? You two have met? Knife! - Where is he? Is he still here? - Yeah, he's right there. Point him out, Prue. You can't keep saving her forever. - Prue, what's going on? - Or the others. Or yourselves. Prue. I cannot believe you lied to me. And I cannot believe I had to hear about it from a ghost. I already apologized for that, okay? I don't understand why you couldn't tell the truth. Especially about something as stupid as going to Alcatraz. I didn't tell you the truth because I knew you'd go ballistic, and I thought that I would save myself the drama. Why would I go ballistic over that? Come on, Prue, give me a break. Just admit it. - Why are you really mad at me? - Because you lied to me. No, you're really mad at me because, as far as you're concerned, I was slacking off yesterday, which is pretty much what I do every day, right? Where is this coming from? From the fact that I know that you're really pissed because I didn't do the grocery shopping or pick up your dry cleaning or whatever else you put on that stupid list. I am sorry that I ask you to do things around the house because I have to work. See? Time it, ladies and gentlemen. It took a whole 60 seconds before the W-word reared its ugly head. - What are you talking about? - I'm talking about how you and Piper just automatically assume that I'll take care of the house - because I don't have a real job. - That is not true. Oh, no? Prue, when was the last time you went grocery shopping or vacuumed the house or waited all day for the cable guy to show up? Which, by the way, if I were paid by the hour, I'd be a millionaire by now. I cannot believe how you're turning this around. And I cannot believe how you're pretending - that you don't have a problem. - I don't. Okay, well, you know what? You just proved my point, my other point, which is I get absolutely no credit for all that I do around here. It's just assumed that I'll do it. Like that crack that you made to Piper yesterday morning. "Don't worry, Piper, Phoebe will do it. She's got time." - You do. - Yes, and that is exactly my point. My main point. You're mad at me because I don't work. Okay, maybe you're right. And that's why I lied to you. - Hello. - Hey, Phoebe. How's it going? Hey, Piper, how's Hawaii? I don't know. I haven't stopped working since I got off the plane. - Sure, rub it in. - Excuse me?</i> Nothing. Hey, can I call you back? I'm in the middle of something right now. Sure. I just wanted to make sure you guys were all right. - Here you go. - Do you miss me? - More than you know, sweetie. - Good. I love you.</i> - We love you too. Bye. - Bye.</i> Why didn't you tell her about Jackson Ward? Why worry her? The power of three can't vanquish him. It's up to us. Look, Phoebe, obviously, we have some issues to deal with, but they're not gonna be resolved overnight. So in the meantime, we need to figure out a way to stop Jackson Ward before he hurts any more innocent people, okay? I agree. Okay. So did we actually just reach a compromise? - Wait a sec. - You got it. We're gonna put you up in a hotel for a little while, under police protection, at least until we catch whoever's trying to hurt you. Okay? Okay. I'm not crazy, am I? You saw it too, didn't you? Yeah, I did. But let's just keep it our little secret for now, okay? - Who was that? - Someone who got attacked. Attacked? By who? Why? Iris Beiderman, the jury foreperson who helped convict Ward. Now, how about that? - Look, Morris... - Don't "Look, Morris" me, man. You go flying out of here with that file, you just come back with somebody in that file who just happened to have been attacked. Wanna tell me what's going on? I told you, I can't, okay? I'm sorry. Fine, whatever. It's your funeral. What's that supposed to mean? They told me not to say anything to you. - Who did? - Internal Affairs. They got you in their cross hairs. Interviewed me for over two hours. Wouldn't tell me what it was about. Asked a lot of questions about you. Watch your back, bro. Well, it's the same story. One of us has to literally die in order to vanquish the evil spirit. - Any volunteers? - Actually, maybe. But before that, we need to figure out a way to find Ward first. We can't count on your seeing his next victim, even though Andy left us the letter opener to try. Wait a minute. I think that there's something in here about luring evil spirits. A potion. "To lure an evil spirit. Mix equal parts of mercury and acid with the blood of one of the spirit's victims, then pour it over his grave." Okay, that's disgusting. We can get the blood from the letter opener, but how are we gonna find Ward's grave? You know what? I read on the Web: "His ashes were interred at his family mausoleum in Palo Alto." Great, it just might work. Yeah, but if it does work, he'll be coming after us. I hate cemeteries at night. I hate cemeteries at day. What was that? Probably a zombie or a vampire. Great, where's Buffy when you need her? Okay, perfect. There it is. "Jackson Ward." Do you have the picture? "Hey, Jackson, let's party"? Okay, well, I couldn't think of anything else to write. - Could we just do this and hurry? - Okay. - Okay. All right, let's go. - Yeah, let's go. - What's happening? - Witchcraft. Sucks, doesn't it? You should've helped me get to them before, when I asked. - How do I get them now? - Visit your grave. Hi, we're not home. You know the drill.</i> Prue, it's Andy. I gotta give you something. Gotta get it out of here. I'll explain when I get there. Inspector Trudeau? Internal Affairs. Let's talk. Series of women murdered with an occult knife. Prime suspect missing. Series of victims with curious holes burned into their foreheads. Prime suspect missing. Victims found in a locked room with every bone in their bodies broken. Victims literally scared to death. The list goes on and on. You know what they all have in common? - We've been through this already. - They're all unsolved cases, Trudeau. - And they're all yours and Morris'. - We've solved plenty of other cases. But you haven't solved these. So the question is why? - What are you hiding? - I'm not hiding anything. You guys spy on your wives too? Why did you check the murder weapon out? - I was following a hunch. - Really? Or were you following a ghost? Word's out, Trudeau. You specialize in the... What did Inspector Blakely call it? - The freaky cases. - The freaky cases. You're a good cop. I've seen your jacket. Up until last year, you were headed for captain. Now you've got all these weird, unsolved cases. What happened to you, man? What changed? Are you covering for somebody? Is that it? Morris, maybe? - Don't hang this on Morris. - Then who do we hang it on? Look, I told you my story. You don't believe me, you take my hardware right now and you charge me. Otherwise, drop dead. Maybe it didn't work. Maybe he's not coming. Well, at least if he is coming, we are definitely ready for him. - What exactly is that? - One killer cocktail, literally. A little bit of oleander, some jimsonweed, bloodroot, among other things. Stops the heart immediately. Okay, you're scaring me. Where did you learn to do that? - The Book of Shadows. - Where, under "Dr Kevorkian"?</i> Whoever takes it can be revived with CPR. The only catch is it has to be done within four minutes to avoid brain damage. Okay, Prue, that's a pretty big catch. Yeah, well, it's the only way to say the spell. It's the only chance that we have of sending Ward where he belongs. But who does it? How do we decide that? I'll do it. No. Call it. Heads or tails. And no fair, using your power. Tails. - I win. - You mean you lose. - Oh, well, only if you don't revive me. - No pressure. Phoebe, I have total confidence in you. I'm scared, Prue. I mean, I'm really scared. - I think we've gone too far this time. - We're doing what we have to do. I wish Piper were here. The swing vote, the voice of reason. Look, Phoebe, I never realized how much I probably do take you for granted, and not just for what you do around the house, either. Sure. You're just saying that because you're about to die. No. You were right about last night. I was upset because I thought that you were slacking off. But the truth is, you weren't. You were trying to find out who the ghost was, and thank God you did. Yeah, but I totally overreacted. I'm the one that's upset with myself - for not working for a living. - You do work. I know, Prue. I work around the house. But I want a job. I want a real job. And you will find one, when you're ready. I can't remember the last time we talked like this. Hi, we're not home. You know the drill.</i> Prue, it's Claire. You're late. You're fired.</i> Phoebe, duck! Okay, Prue, I got him. You just hurry! You're making this too easy, lady. What the hell's going on? Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit Take his soul, banish this evil</i> No! Prue, are you home? Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit Take his soul, banish this evil</i> Prue? Prue. Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit Take his soul, banish this evil</i> Prue. Come on. Andy, don't, not yet. This is even better. Now I get to kill a cop too. Andy, behind you! Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit Take his soul, banish this evil</i> - Who are you? - I was hoping to take you or your sister. But it looks like your soul is safe. For now. Come on. Slow breaths. - Am I alive? - Yeah, you are. Thank God. What happened? Is the ghost toast? I'm sorry, Prue, but I've made up my mind. Claire, you cannot fire me, okay? I love this job. I need this job. I told you I wouldn't tolerate any more unexplained absences. Excuse me, Ms Pryce. I'm sorry to interrupt. I just wanted to stop by and say thank you. - Thank you, inspector? For what? - For letting us borrow Ms Halliwell. See, an Asian gang was smuggling exotic jewellery antiques. She helped us set up a sting, bust their operation. Really? Prue never mentioned any of this to me before. Well, she couldn't compromise her cover. You're welcome to call my superior, Inspector Morris, and file a reimbursement claim, if you'd like. No, that won't be necessary. Soon as you're done here, we need to talk. I think I'm more than done here. Oh, Prue. Don't forget about our lunch with the investors. - Wouldn't want you to be late. - I won't be. Thanks. - I cannot believe you did that. - Least I could do. After all, you did help us bust somebody. - Sure, he was already dead, but still... - Well, thank you. You're welcome. Listen, Prue, I've done some thinking about the truth spell, and I'm still kind of trying to sort my feelings out. But I've kind of come to the conclusion that no matter whether I had a minute, a month or a year to think about it, it wouldn't change the truth. It may sound boring, but I know that someday I want to have a normal life to come home to. You know, with a white picket fence, a two-car garage, a screaming kid. But no demons. Maybe it's because of all the evil I deal with every day on the job. I don't know. You don't have to explain. I understand. Believe me, I wouldn't wanna come home to it either, if I could avoid it, but I can't. You can. So did you burn Andy's file like he suggested? Yeah, and you should've seen it. Turns out he knew a lot more about us than he was letting on. Still doesn't explain how he could hear a ghost. - What do you mean? - When you were a spirit, you said you yelled out to him, and that's what made him turn around in time. - How could he hear you? - I don't know. - Hi. - Piper. I thought you weren't coming back till tomorrow. I took an earlier flight. I had this terrible feeling that you guys were... What? Oh, I don't know, at each other's throats, maybe. - Us? - Are you kidding? Never. So nothing happened while I was gone? Just, you know, the same old boring stuff. - Hey, you need a hand?