So if the demon that took her wanted to use her powers for evil, the only place he could do that would be corporate America. So... So you think this is some kind of demonic conspiracy? Exactly. What do you think? Well, I think if it is, it'll still be there tomorrow. Today, you're supposed to pick up your parents. - No, wait. - No, no waiting. They travelled a very long way to see you, Billie. Your idea, not mine. I think it was a very good idea, thank you. - Well, you haven't met them yet. - Oh, come on. They can't be that bad. No? My father is a robot, my mother is a wallflower, and they haven't talked about my sister in years. And that's why we invited them to dinner. Trust me, okay? A little bit of Piper's food, some nice wine, and everyone will be able to relax. Oh, you cannot relax around them, they're impossible. And plus, they don't know anything about witches or magic. Well, they must have some idea, especially if you both have powers. I think we were both adopted. Let me get back to my theory. So I have an appointment with one of those muckamucks who was kidnapped as a kid. And I think if I can just get him to touch this paper I enchanted, I'll know he's magical, and then I'll know I'm onto something. Wait a minute, how do you know that works? Well, I tested it on Paige a few days ago. Please don't tell her. Okay, here's the deal. - If you wanna borrow my car, you can. - Great. But only if you're going to pick up your parents, okay? Not chase some lead. It can't be as bad as you think, and you know what, who knows, - they may even surprise you. - Surprise me? They're gonna suck the life out of this place. Dominique, everything is gonna be fine. Just make sure you have enough beer, turn the music up, turn the lights down low, and you'll be fine, all right? All right, I'll talk to you later. Bye. - What's that for? - This is for Leo. You're videotaping yourself setting the table for Leo? Well, when you go away on a long trip, it's the little things you miss. Yeah, but, sweetie, he's not on a long trip. He's frozen. - Not for long. - Yeah. Unfortunately, we don't know how long it's gonna take. Precisely my point, okay? So just, you know, act natural. Okay, you know what? I'm just gonna go work upstairs. Wait, wait, wait. Is it gonna bother you that much? Well, yeah. Okay, no, it's not just that. I'm just... I'm having a little trouble with my column. Really? Could you turn to the camera and tell me a little bit more about that problem? Well, it's really quite simple. I don't know what my problem is. I mean, there's these twins, and they live together, right? The girl doesn't know if she's gonna be able to open up to her boyfriend because she's so close to her brother. All right, so, what do you think? I have no idea what I think, and that's the problem. But I have to come up with something fast because my deadline is tomorrow. Well, I'm sure you'll think of something, you always do. Besides, maybe it'll make for great dinner conversation. Did Billie go to get her parents? God, I hope so. Billie, I feel terrible about what happened to your sister, but I'm still not sure how you think I can help you? Well, I'm just trying to find a connection, Mr. Dalvos, anything that could help me possibly find her. Maybe you've met or possibly heard of some of the other kidnap victims? They were found days later, just like you. Just so we're clear, you are not taking this company public, you got that? Grant, I'm in a meeting here. You can lobby behind my back all you want, but it's never gonna happen. See, my father made me chairman, cousin, not you. Which means we stay private just like he wanted us to. We should talk about this later. There's nothing to talk about. You try a power play tomorrow, I'll crush you. Please excuse my cousin. He's been under a great deal of pressure since his father died. You know what, that's okay. I'll just come back later, thank you. Bye. She's a witch, isn't she? You've learned your lessons well. I've had a good teacher. Still, it would've been better for you not to have met with her at all. You are a heartbeat away from taking over one of the country's most powerful companies, which means now is not the time to risk getting exposed. Of course, that is why you have me. Can you handle her? I think if I was able to switch you at birth, put you in position to take great power, I can handle one little witch. - Hey, stranger. - Hey. - Bad timing? - Oh, no, no, no. It's great to see you. So how's your brother-in-law? You heard from him? No. No, we haven't. Which you would know if you returned a phone call. I did call you... I didn't call you back, did I? Paige, I'm sorry. Work is crazy, I'm sorry. That's okay, and just so you know, if it is something else, it's okay. No, no, no. No. Look, forget about work. What are you doing for dinner tonight? Actually, I have plans. No, not like that. It's with my sisters and our friend Billie. Her parents are in town, so... Good. Afterwards, me and you, P3, 9:00. Say yes. Yes. Nine o'clock, but don't be late. They ain't never listen to me. Never listen to me. Get out the way. Get out of here. - I'm sure she'll be here soon. - Yeah. Hi, guys, I'm so sorry. - Traffic was horrible. - It's all right, honey. - Hi. - Hi. I hope you and Dad weren't waiting too long. - No. - Define "too long. " Well, what a cute little car. Thanks, it's Phoebe's. She's so great. You'll meet her tonight. I mean they're all... They're all great. - Here, I got it. - No, Dad, it's fine. - Are you sure? - Mom, you squeeze in the back. Ready? Let's just go. - Honey, would you...? - Oh, yeah. Here. - You guys ready to see my school? - That's why we're here. "Am I Too Close to My Twin?" Wait, what? I'm sorry, I can't hear you. "Am I Too Close to My Twin?" You know, my column? Oh, right. Is it done? No. See, that's the problem. I'm having a hard time coming up with an answer,</i> which is weird considering how close I am to my sisters, you know? Maybe a little too close. That's so weird. Your answers usually come so easily.</i> Yeah, go figure. All right, tell Elise I'm on top of it, and I'll have the column in by tonight. - Okay, bye. - Where are you going? - Hey, Piper? - Yeah. Is there any way that we could keep it down just a little bit? Well, you know, it's for Leo. Okay, you're right. I'll just go upstairs and do this. Or you could help me get the house ready for our dinner guests. Piper, dinner is like four hours from now. Are you sure you're doing okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Why? Why? Because you didn't clean and prep this much for your own wedding, that's why. Piper, you're not dealing. You're not helping. Billie. You're really early. Yeah, we decided to drive by the campus instead. Can we come in? Please? You know, Phoebe over here is actually "Ask Phoebe," the advice columnist from "The Bay Mirror. " Really? Yeah, that's me. Actually, I'm working on a very interesting question - from one of my readers right now. - We don't read the advice columns. Would anyone like more wine? Oh, well, that reminds me, I have to go meet Henry. You know, for drinks. Getting kind of late. If there's anyone you don't wanna be late for, that would be a parole officer. Okay, honey, good luck. - Goodbye. - Bye. - Did she say "parole officer"? - It's not what you think. - Interesting friends. - Excuse me? Well, I think we should be going too. It was kind of you to invite us. Thank you. Wait, wait. No, don't... And we... You know, you haven't even had dessert yet. It's been a long trip. I need to ask you guys about Christy right now. That's not something we talk about in front of strangers. We're not really strangers. No, actually, Dad, they're friends. Really good friends. And for the record, you never wanna talk about her. In fact, I remember a month after she was taken, you went back to your pretty little lives like nothing happened. - But something did happen. - You were 5, what do you know? I know you didn't do a damn thing to try and find her! That's not true. Okay, maybe we should all just sit down and... I told you coming here was a mistake. No, the mistake was me thinking you guys could know that this hurts me too. - Why do you always do this to us? - She doesn't care about us, that's why. I don't care about you? You guys are cold-hearted assassins. Nice shot, babe. Thanks, hon. Oh, boy. Titanium. The best. Nice gun. Where'd you get that? I don't know, but I like it. Me too. - What is going on? - Piper, what did you put in their food? - Food was in the food, thank you. - Okay, how do you explain this? Well, don't look at me, she's the one that said "assassins. " - It's a figure of speech. - Well, apparently not. - Mom, Dad? - Excuse me? Who are you? I'm your daughter... Billie? Come here. Come here. Okay, let's talk over here. You guys just don't mind us, just keep grossing me out over there. How did this happen? I have no idea, but we have to figure it out fast. Okay, why don't you two go upstairs and check the "Book," see if you can find anything that will help them, and I will stay here and keep an eye on mister and missus there. Well, I don't think it was a spell, because the words didn't rhyme. But obviously, it had something to do with the words, right? - You know, or maybe it was just... - Me. Well, no, it couldn't have just been you. I mean, that was a pretty powerful transformation down there. Well, tell that to these flowers. This morning they were alive until I said something like: "Suck the life out of this place," and then they just... Got the life sucked out of them? Phoebe, what's happening to me? Oh, sweetie, I don't know. Although, I do know of a power called projection, and I've never actually seen it, but I know it exists. - Projection? - Lets the witch turn people and things into whatever comes to mind, without a spell or a potion. - It's pretty powerful stuff. - Wait. So you're saying I just all of a sudden have this new power? Well, it kind of makes sense if you think about it. Right? I mean, you're growing as a witch, and our powers are tied to our emotions, and you've been suppressing those lately. Well, if I can turn my parents into something, I can turn them back, right? Dead flowers, be alive again. Yeah, it takes a while to get the hang of new powers. Plus, you're not in the same emotional state you were downstairs. Well, how do I get back to that same emotional state? I don't know, but when you figure it out, just be careful what you say. Hello. - They're getting away. - Piper? Hello! - Oh, my gosh! - Piper, what happened? Well... - I'm sorry. - Your parents jumped me. The last time I invite them to dinner. - Easy, easy. - They beat your freeze? I didn't even have a chance. They're fast and they're dangerous. What do you mean? They said they were going to find some real action. What does that mean? The only action I remember them looking for growing up was bowling night. Well, now, apparently, they're looking for an arsenal. Hey, Paige, what's up? Hey. Hi. I'm supposed to meet my date here. Has anyone come up - and asked for me? - No, not tonight. Because he was supposed to meet me 30 minutes ago. Okay, you're sure? I'm sure. Sorry. You're late. Paige, hi. Where are you? Well, apparently, I'm being stood up. - Why? - Because we need you at home.</i> Apparently, we have some assassins to save. Where you hiding all those things anyway? Well, I'm all out of ammo now, but you're welcome to check. Later. First we need to stock up. Ammo for me. - Prada for you? - Oh, you read my mind. Thank you. All right, ladies, so, what is it? What's the plan? Well, hello to you too. Sorry, just got stood up. Not really so much in the mood for chitchat. Well, I'm sure Henry has a perfectly good explanation for that. Doesn't he always? Okay, what's going on? Find my parents before they kill someone. We're gonna stun them with this, bring them back here, and then change them back. Except we haven't figured out that last part yet. Yeah, and this isn't working. Maybe I should use my new power, turn myself into a target so they can come after me. - You know, Billie, this isn't your fault. - Yes, it is. No, you got emotional and hurt. It's completely understandable. Can we make some of that stun potion - for me to use on Mr. Henry? - People, focus. The longer they're out there, the more damage they do. You know, scrying's not gonna work for them anyway because they're not magical. No, but they are enchanted. - Hey, I think I found them. - Okay, great. - Piper, take these. - Oh, no, I can't go. Why not? Well, the boys. Sweetie, the boys will be okay. I'll stay here, don't worry about them. No, I know, I'm just... You know, with Leo gone, I kind of wanna stay close to them. Okay, I'll go. We'll be back. Are they dead? No, it looks like they're still breathing. Looks like your parents were just toying with them. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. Bad thing! Throw the potion. Mom, Dad, we're not trying to hurt you. We wanna help you. - Why does she keep calling us that? - I have no idea. Paige. You said you could handle this. You promised. Have I ever let you down? No. No, it's just yesterday I had only one witch to worry about. Now I've got three. Not just any three witches, the Charmed Ones. What? That's who they are? I don't have the power to stand up to them. You don't have the power to stand up to anybody. Demonically speaking, I mean. But you won't have to. As far as they know, you're human. They can't touch you. Maybe not, but they're sure as hell not gonna let us take out Grant so I can become chairman. We won't have to take him out, they'll do it for us. At least Billie's spellbound parents will. - How? - You're going to hire them. I hear you two are looking for some action. I come bearing gifts. - And who are you? - Someone who wants somebody killed. Interested? Everything you'll need to get through security, including the weapon, which I assume you'll be able to figure out. - Who's the mark? - In the envelope. It won't be easy, and you'll only get one shot at him. Plus, the meeting's in less than an hour. And what's in it for us? Whatever you want. We're in. They still moving? Yep. Hey, are you okay? Oh, yeah, sure, considering my parents tried to shoot me. Well, if it makes you feel better, they weren't really your parents when they did that. I mean, they didn't know they were your parents, but they are your parents is what I'm saying. Just keep mixing. I just still can't believe this is all happening. Well, it's not your fault. You didn't do anything wrong. I know, but still. You know, it's so weird, but I can remember them being like this all the time. - What, like assassins? - No, happy. Together, working together, laughing. But, you know, when Christy got kidnapped, it all just... It's the hardest thing in the world to lose a child. I know. I know that. Even though I may have just been 5, I miss the way it used to be. I guess it's good to know they have it in them still. Who knows? Maybe they'll be like that again soon, after you find Christy. Piper? No, she's with the babies, putting them down for a nap. Here, I think I know who it is. Oh, and we lucked out with her parents before, but we need to stop them before they kill an innocent. I know, I know. Henry, hi. Did you get any of my calls? Yeah, I got all your calls. Okay, you're mad. I don't blame you. I can explain though, all right? There's really nothing to explain. You stood me up. One of my parolees skipped out. What was I supposed to do? - Call me? - No, I did. I tried calling. Before, Henry, not after. Here's the thing. I'm a big girl, I really am. So if you don't wanna go out with me, please just say so, because I'm really not into the whole game-playing thing. I am not playing any games, Paige. It's not supposed to be this hard this early. I keep feeling there's something off or there's something you're not telling me. - Some sort of secret. - What are you not telling me? - Don't turn this around on me. - No, I'll admit, I have my secrets. Oh, my God, are you married? No, I'm not married. Look, we both know you're not telling me something here, okay? I have trouble getting close to people, Paige. And I know it doesn't let me off, but when you're holding back on me... Paige! We gotta move. So we could get the thing from the thing for the thing. Yeah. Okay, well, I have to go. I'll call you. - You promise? - Promise. Sorry, it's just her parents stopped moving. Right where I was trying to prove my conspiracy theory too. What conspiracy theory? The one about my sister being one of many powerful kids that was kidnapped by demons. Think "Manchurian Candidate. " - Which version? - Does it matter? I don't even understand what my parents are doing here anyway. I mean, it's too big of a coincidence to be a coincidence, right? Well, maybe there really are demons at the company, and they know you're on to them. Maybe they're using your parents as leverage. This time you're going, I'm staying. - Wait, but... - No buts. We don't know what we're up against. You have more firepower than I do. - Yeah, but you've got the potions. - They're only stun potions. So we can make vanquishing potions. We don't have time, my parents don't have time. Look, you can't hole up here anymore. And you can't busy yourself with endless tasks, okay? You have to get back out there and fight. For Leo. - They did save a spot for us. - Oh, yeah. Just step through. Just change ID for that. Do you see them anywhere? Nope. How do you know they're in there? Well, Dalvos is here, so they have to be close. Excuse me, is this seat taken? Help yourself. Thank you. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. There's been a lot of talk about where our company's going next. Both in terms of our businesses, and in terms of the broader question: Will Pelham go public or remain private? It's this question I'd like to address today. Now, Pelham is a family company, founded on old-fashioned values. - Trust, hard work, - There they are. - And results. - Two tables from the front. - Well, at least they're okay. - How are we gonna get them out? We wait. So I think the real question we should be asking is: Which direction will better serve these core values? So after much consideration, I want to reassure everyone in every division, from microchips to macro-turbines, that Pelham is going to remain... What are you doing? Are you crazy? Hot! Something's not right. Why would they wanna shoot him? Because I wanted them to. And just so you know, whether or not you vanquish me, it won't save Mommy and Daddy. - How do you figure? - Because the chairman is still going to die. And they will still be blamed for his murder. And afterwards, our greatest creation, for all intents and purposes, a human, Rod Dalvos, will take over. And with it, give us the demonic foothold we've worked a generation to achieve. And how do you plan to accomplish all this? I don't know, it just came to me. I don't know why I had a hard time with the question in the first place. But it's brilliant, Phoebe, really. Well, I don't know about brilliant. Are you kidding? "Sometimes people can rely a little too much on a sibling</i> for their emotional needs, not being open to finding love outside of the home.</i> Sometimes you have to move out to move on. " How'd you come up with that? Well, let's just say I can relate. And it took me a little while to figure it out, you know? And some peace and quiet. - We got big problems. - So much for peace and quiet. Okay, get that to copy right away because I don't wanna miss the deadline. - All right, thanks. - Where are the boys? - They're still napping. - Okay, I'm gonna take them to Dad's. I don't want them to be around here. And just so we're clear, I'm not ducking a fight, I'm just protecting my kids. - What's going on? What happened? - What's going on is my parents - just tried to kill someone. - But they didn't. Oh, well, thank God for that. Yeah, except for they are wanted for murder. - They were set up by this demon... - A human demon. Yeah, who wants to take over the company. Back up, a human demon? Yeah, Dalvos, the guy I met? He hired my parents to kill his boss. Well, he actually hired the nanny. Wait, the demon has a nanny? She's really the one who's pulling the strings. She's trying to frame my parents. We have to get to them before she does. Or the police do. Close to the shooter? - He was right nearby. - Okay. And then? He was standing like this, and he made one shot. Do you have any idea why anyone would wanna shoot your cousin? I honestly don't know why they'd wanna kill Grant. I mean, I assume it's connected to their daughter coming to ask for our help yesterday. - Help for what? - Care to elaborate? Help in finding her sister. I guess she thought since I, too, was a kidnap victim as a child, we could help. We looked into the possibility, of course, but when Grant discovered that her parents had spent the past 15 years searching for their daughter with no success, he decided there wasn't really anything we could do. Obviously, Mr. And Mrs. Jenkins didn't like that answer. How long before I become chairman? We wait for a respectable period of mourning. After all, we wouldn't want to appear too anxious or cast unwanted suspicions now, would we? All right. Then what do we do? We take care of loose ends, that's what we do. Yeah? You'll text me where to find this loose end? Consider it done. Yes? All right. Where do I find the mark? How's it going? Not good. They've split up and they keep moving around. Every time the crystal drops, it jumps someplace else. Well, maybe they know someone's looking for them. Well, I think everyone's looking for them. Where's Paige? She's upstairs trying to find the demon nanny in the "Book. " I honestly don't know why they'd wanna kill Grant.</i> Hey, how's it going? I can only assume it's connected...</i> - Billie! - What? Did you find anything? Just this: Help in finding her sister. I guess she thought since I, too, had been a kidnap victim as a child,</i> that we could do something. We looked into the possibility, of course,</i> but when Grant discovered that her parents had spent the past 15 years</i> searching for her without success, he decided there wasn't really anything we could do.</i> Obviously, Mr. And Mrs. Jenkins didn't like that answer.</i> This is all over the Internet. They were looking for her, and they didn't even tell me. Okay, we're gonna find them, Billie. How? Scrying isn't working. You know what? There might be another way. If Christy and Billie both have powers, doesn't that mean their parents have to be the carriers? - If it's in the blood. - Right. So wouldn't that mean that the "Call for a Lost Witch" spell might work? - Helen. - Carl. I had no idea. Me neither. What are we gonna do? Do we have a choice? You could drop your gun. Or you could drop yours. This isn't how I wanted it to end. Me neither. I love you. I love you too. Freeze them. One move and you die. Who are you? Who hired you? Who hired us? To take us out. We want names. Now! Billie, I don't really wanna blow up your parents, but... All right, stop it. This is crazy. You wanna shoot me? Is that what you wanna do? - Easy, Billie. - You already lost one daughter. You wanna lose another one too? Do you wanna pull that trigger, Mom? It's not gonna bring Christy back, and that's the one thing you want more than anything in this world. Why didn't you tell me you kept searching for her? Don't you think I needed to know? That I wanted to know? I was just a kid. I was scared and young, and I didn't know any better, and I thought you didn't care about me or her. And now, you're all I have left. Oh, Billie. I'm so sorry, baby. Hey, guess what, guys, I think I figured out how to clear their names. Did I miss something? My baby. First, I'd like to thank you all for coming on such short notice. Trust me, I wouldn't have dragged you all down here if it wasn't important. I won't be taking the company public after all. It's staying in the family, private. Just like Grant and his father wanted it to. Secondly, I wanted you all to know I'm not going to become the next chairman after all... ...because I'll be going to jail instead. - Did you shoot him? - What's he talking about? - What does that mean? - Can you please tell us? I'm the one who shot Grant, not that girl's parents. I just made it look like they did... ...because I wanted to take over the company. You scared me. - What's wrong? - What's wrong is it's over, Dalvos. Thirty years of planning gone! What? How? Because the witches outsmarted us, that's how. They knew they couldn't vanquish you, so they ruined you instead, destroyed your reputation. Now we're both ruined. So, what does this mean? What do we do now? We tie up loose ends. Another day, another demon. Did they print my speech? It was a good speech. Obviously. Too bad Mary Poppins got away. Yeah, well, don't worry about it, I'm sure we will be seeing her again in about 30 years or so. Oh, we won't be doing this in another 30 years. They will. I wonder where we'll be. Well, my guess is you'll be sitting right there feeding your grandkids with Leo. Let's hope so. Piper, give yourself a break. It's gonna take some time, you know? And you have to allow yourself that time. Sounds like good advice. Did you have any for the twins? Actually, I did. I suggested that she move out of the house, get her own space. It's good advice. All right, buddy, let's go. What do you say? Watch your fingers, fingers, fingers. Come on, come on, come on. All right, dear. Hey. - Hey. - Just a question. Why is it so hard for you to get close to people? You don't beat around the bush, huh? Well, I figure since you stood me up, I can ask anything I want. I'm not mad or anything like that, I was just curious. I don't know. I think because I grew up in foster homes, you know, and I just bounced around. It made me not trust. You know, whenever I would get close to somebody, they would leave. I mean, really, I would leave. So now, it's years later, and whenever I like someone... I'm sorry. It's that fight-or-flight thing. There's nothing to be sorry for. And just so you know, you don't have to run from me. You two... You fought like cats and dogs, you know. You were as wildly different as any two kids could ever be. And you were inseparable. - We were? - Oh, yeah. Of course, Christy loved to get you in trouble, a lot. It took your father and me a while to figure that one out. She was very sneaky that way. You know, I don't remember that much about her. There's little moments and things here and there, but most of what I remember of her, I loved. Oh, honey. She adored you. She was very protective of you too. Nobody could pick on you except her. Why didn't you tell me you kept looking for her? I don't know. We should have. We just didn't know what to do. When it happened, we were devastated. Maybe it was wrong for all of us. But we made the choice to try and make life as normal as possible for you. Your father thought - if we just didn't talk about it... - Mom, you know what? It's okay. I understand. Did you know Christy was a witch? I mean, that I was? Just like your grandmother. I guess it skipped a generation, huh? Yeah, lucky you. No, lucky you. You have a very special gift, Billie. One that you are meant to do great things with. I know that. Just embrace it. I'm gonna find her, Mom. I promise. Well, maybe this will help. It's Christy's diary. We never could figure out what the last entry meant. Maybe you can.