What you got, huh? What you got? What you got? Hey, man, whoa. Look, you gonna kill him. Hey, man, you okay? Luther Stubbs? Yeah, who wants to know? I'm a fan. I saw your bout in St. Louis three years ago. Bloodiest fight I've ever seen. The other boxer didn't even make it to the hospital. Died in the ring. Yeah, well, you know, everybody gotta go sometime. I wanna know what it felt like to take another life with your own hands. Guy didn't even cut me, man. Now, move. - Not till I get what I came for. - And what might that be? - Your killer instinct. - Whoa, what...? And since it's time for Quake's yearly inventory, I have to count everything in the restaurant, down to the last swizzle stick. It's gonna take days. Guess that's why you get paid the medium-sized bucks. And which bucks would those be, exactly? Okay. Okay, what's wrong with this picture? Aside from me not getting paid enough? No, what is Grams' statue still doing in the living room? We talked about it last night, remember? Yes, I do remember, and I thought that we agreed that it was an eyesore and was going back to storage. That is before I learned that storage downtown is now 90 bucks a month and storage here is free. So I called Phoebe, and we decided she could stay here. And last I checked, we were still living in a democracy. Okay. But, Piper, she's ugly. Majority rules, sis, unless you can move her. Okay. Okay, that didn't work. It's solid marble. It took eight of Phoebe's bouncer friends to move it. It's too heavy for you. You know, my powers are still growing, and one day... You can move it into the basement. But until then, suffer. Phoebe. Phoebe? Hi. I was just... Opening up a can of whup-ass. Yeah, those are some serious moves. Where did you learn that? Okay, I'm busted. I confess. I got tired of being the one in the family with the passive power, so I started taking self-defence classes, which I've been putting on my new credit card. And this thing? Oh, that's Slam Man. Got him off an infomercial. Great, another eyesore. It' a total and complete martial-arts training system. And with their easy-instalment payment plan... Which you also put on your new credit card. He's gonna pay for himself the first time I kick ass on some unsuspected gnarly beast. - Come on, wanna see some moves? - No. Come on. Come on. You know, that is so unfair. Hey, demons do not play fair. - Gotcha. - So, Daniel-san. Okay, okay. Uncle. Okay, okay. - I didn't hear you say it. - Pheebs, let go. - Phoebe, what is it? - What did you see? I saw you die. - Hi. - Hi. We're gonna need a lot more of this. You couldn't sleep either, huh? No, I was up all night. I couldn't get that image of Prue getting killed out of my head. - Is that the sword? - Yeah. I drew it from memory. I can't find it in the Book of Shadows yet.</i> I wish that thing had an index. I wish you had a closer look at the killer's face. Yeah, well, if somebody tries to impale my sister, they're gonna have to get through me. - Oh, good, coffee. - Why are you dressed up? Because they don't have casual day at Buckland's. Wait, you promised you would stay home so we could figure this out. Yeah, and then Claire called, and she has a client that wants to put a major collection on the block. If we get this account, it would be a serious coup for Buckland's. Can't Claire get somebody else to do it? I've worked so hard to get Claire to trust me with something like this. Why should someone else get all the glory? I'll take "the nasty demon that wants you dead" for a hundred, Bob. I can't believe you would risk your life to impress your boss. You cannot leave the house. Okay, relax. Phoebe's had premonitions before, and we've affected the outcome, right? That's true, but... In your premonition, it was a man who killed me. Well, I'm going to Buckland's to meet a female client, and Claire will be with me every step of the way. Besides, now that you've warned me, I'll watch my back. - I can handle this. Promise. - The promise that we want from you is that you'll come straight home from Buckland's. Will it stop you from worrying? The client's in my office. Remember what I told you on the phone. This women's family has more money than God, and if we land this account, it could put Buckland's in the black for years. - Exactly. You ready? - Course I am. Helena Statler, I would like you to meet Prue Halliwell, one of our best and brightest young specialists. - Hi. - "Best and brightest." - That's quite an introduction. - Yes, it is. Maybe I should get a raise. Let's have a seat, shall we? Miss Halliwell, my brother and I hold an extensive collection of antiquities. If we were to retain your firm, you'd be cataloguing, appraising and selling the finest pieces you'd see in your career, maybe your life. Just what kind of collection are we talking about, exactly? The kind that occupies three buildings at Warehouse Flats. We have art and artefacts from every period and movement in history, from Egyptian mummies to Jasper Johns. We would want a sample appraisal, of course. Prue will be there today, if you like. At the Warehouse Flats? Is that a problem? No. No, I'm sure that I can handle it. Twelve potato ricers? What kind of restaurant needs 12 potato ricers? Just put them in back with the box of the lemon reamers. - Okay. - I just called Buckland's, and they said that Prue left the office for a meeting. What? She promised she would go straight home. Wait, it gets worse. I finally found that crystal sword in the Book of Shadows...</i> It's the symbol of the Lords of War. They're a clan of supernatural warriors. They've been around since time began. - What do they want? - To start war. They've started most of the major wars in history. Once they're done in one place, they get reincarnated in some other part of the world and start all over. - So is he flesh and blood? - Yes, but the Book says that</i> as long as they have their sword, they're not only protected, they're immune to the weapons of man. So we have this invulnerable guy running around with a sword who wants to start a war? The Lords of War may be invulnerable, but they do have a code of honour. And when one of them is disgraced, he has to steal his abilities back. So, what does this have to do with Prue? One of the things he has to steal back is the magic of a first-born witch. They're supposed to be the strongest. - Piper, where...? - Not now. Not now. Okay. I'll call the night-shift manager, see if he can cover for me. You call Prue on her cell phone. We gotta find her, quickly, okay? Miss Statler? Please. Miss Statler. Hello, Miss Halliwell. Oh, I'm sorry, I hope I didn't scare you. - No, I don't really scare easily. - What do you think of our collection? I think that you have exquisite taste. My brother and I have been collecting our entire lives. It's our binding passion. - Is this a Roman vessel? - Why don't you tell me. I've never seen one in such good condition. The handles represent Venus, and the relief details scenes of Roman baths in Caracalla. It probably dates back to 210 B.C. It's very rare and priceless. Wow, Claire, was right. You really are something. What can you tell me about this item? It's a pillory. The markings are Castilian, so I'd say it dates back to the Inquisition. But it's missing a piece. The victim's arms are held in place by a bolted restraint. Prue Halliwell, my brother, Gabriel. I'd shake your hand, but it's clearly otherwise engaged. - What are you doing? - Killing a witch. Your ancestor's power emanated from her hands. - No doubt yours does too. - My ancestor? A witch named Brianna. You're not the only one who's done her research. How did she do that? She's not like her ancestor. She channels her power through her eyes, not her hands. I won't make that mistake again. She knows about us now. We have to move fast, attack her at home. No. Home is where she has the power of three to protect her. We'll think of another way. I hit Gabriel in the chest with an axe, and he didn't even bleed. As long as he has his sword, he's immune to the weapons of men, which we could have told you if you hadn't turned off your cell phone. Yeah, well, I got away, and I'm fine. Okay, I found our ancestor Brianna. She was our great-great-great-aunt. She could move things with her mind, like Prue. Now, she disgraced Gabriel during the Crimean War. She used her power to take away his sword. I guess Gabriel is trying to earn his abilities back. Great, so some guy couldn't keep it in his sheath, and now I'm marked for death. Well, some men can be very sensitive about their weapons. Lords of War and their weapons are supposed to be inseparable, like Thor and his hammer. And I guess Brianna was able to send his sword hundreds of miles away. All right, a sword I can move. But hundreds of miles away? I'm not that powerful. I thought about that, and I found this incantation. "To multiply your strength, recite these words at length." All right, so all I have to do is say this incantation, and I'll be stronger. Hopefully strong enough to separate Gabriel and his sword. - Sounds like a plan to me. - Time out. Bad idea. Why, because it's mine? No, because there might be a power-of-three solution to this. Yeah, but the Book of Shadows doesn't say that.</i> And besides, it's me he's after, not you or Phoebe. Okay, okay, so maybe we should just lay low for a few days. - You know, use up our sick days. - And wait for Gabriel to find us? - No. - He might hurt one of you to get to me. I will not take that risk. Okay, Prue, but... Wait. Okay, wait. At least let us vote on this. All right. All in favour of me saying the incantation raise their hands. Sorry, sis, majority rules. But, Prue... "Take my powers, blessed be Multiply their strength by three"</i> - What? - You know what. I'm sorry, but I really don't have a problem with Prue saying the incantation. The problem is we're in this together, and together, we're supposed to solve our problems. And together, we rely on the Book of Shadows when we're in trouble.</i> Think about it, Piper. What's the worst thing that can happen? - What did I tell you? - Don't... Don't be fresh to me. - You'd better run. Hurry. - I'm going, I'm going. - Oh, my God. - Oh, my God. - Prue? - What? Okay. One, two, three. Hello. There are other people in this house that have styling needs too. - Is there a Prue in there also? - One of them, yes. I'll have to wash my hair in the kitchen sink to get to work on time. Do you know which one is the real Prue yet? Oh, I don't know. It could be the upstairs-bathroom-hogging Prue or the downstairs- bathroom-hogging Prue or the sitting-in-the-kitchen- drinking-all-the-coffee Prue. - Is there a problem? - Aside from you going off and casting a spell that's kept all our bathrooms busy for the past three hours, nothing. Don't blame me. I didn't cast the spell. - Great. You're a clone. - Well, no, I'm not exactly a clone. I do have all of Prue's memories up until the time that she cast the spell. So in a lot of ways, I am Prue. Then it is your fault. No, it's not, and neither is the lack of hot water. - Oh, you didn't. Jeez. - This is ridiculous. This is like... This is like The Parent Trap, with a B cup.</i> I think I might have just found a way to take some of the Disney out of our life. - You look great. - No, you look great. - Is my skirt tight enough? - Yes. It's perfect. Okay, which one of you is the real Prue? Stop that. - I'm the real Prue. - Okay, then you get the black sweater. - Phoebe, what are you doing? - I'm colour-coding. It's the only way we're gonna be able to tell you apart. - Okay, clone A gets the pink sweater. - Thank you. - Clone B gets the blue one. - Thanks. Good thinking with the sweaters. Thanks, but it's only a temporary solution. And what about the spell? Oh, the spell is temporary too. We're only here as long as we're needed. We were called for a reason. Once the reason's gone, the spell wears out, we disappear. - Once we vanquish Gabriel. - How are we planning on doing this? Funny that you should ask. See, I was thinking... That we could find Gabriel by tracking down the ownership records to that Roman vessel. In Buckland's antiquities database. That's why I called my assistant... Our assistant, and she's already on it. - Are we good or what? - So once you know where he lives, are you sure you have the power to do the job? Observe. Ladies, shall we? Enough said? I'll get that. - I'll get the phone. - Wait, I should... Should hide. - Andy, hi. - Hi. - Can I come in? - Now's not really a good time. Wow, that is a nice tie. - Thanks. - So, what did I do now? - I don't know, you tell me. - Whatever it is, I have an alibi. Good thing this is a social call then. Social call, really? Now you're starting to look suspicious. Remember a few months ago we ordered tickets to the Bay Area Music Awards? They came in the mail. I thought you might want them. - That is so sweet. - You can take anyone you want, even an old boyfriend who's just a friend now but who loves good music. I'll take that under consideration. Yeah, you ponder that. I'll see you. - Why did we break up with him? - He broke up with us first, remember? Too bad. Houston, we have a problem. Raging clone hormones? No. That was Claire calling. She said that if I... Well, one of us don't get to the office pronto, - you'll be looking for a new job. - Okay. Okay, we can swing this. No, no. Wait, you're not seriously thinking of leaving the house. You can't hide three yous at the office. Two of us may not be able to separate Gabriel from his sword, but we can certainly fight him off. Which means two of us can go and save Prue's job, and whoever's left behind can go to the Quake with Piper. - Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Forget it. - Piper, you have an active power. Besides, Phoebe, your premonition, it didn't happen at Quake, right? - I can't be sure. - Still, worse-case scenario, Piper freezes Gabriel, and she runs. No, no, I don't like this idea. I don't like it at all. I think we should all stay together, all five of us. I think Piper's right. The Book said it requires the strength of three to take on Gabriel.</i> - It's not safe to split up. - Okay, all who don't like the plan? All who do? Wow, once again, majority rules. Ladies. Hi, is Claire around? She's been buzzing every 15 minutes. You want me to get her? Not yet. Did you dig up the information on the Roman vessel? Hot off the LaserJet. Gabriel Statler's address. Good. Okay, now I need for you to get me photocopies of all my sales files - for the quarter. - That could take hours. You're right. You know what, I need you to get me copies of everyone's files. - That could take days. - Then you better start now. Bye-bye. Did you have to make her photocopy all the files? You wanted her to see us together? No, but you didn't even thank her, and you were so bossy. That's why we're called "bosses." All right, well, now that we have Gabriel Statler's address... No. All right, you stay here. I will talk to Claire first. - Why do you get to talk to Claire? - I still have to work here when all this is over. - Prue, are you there? - Claire. - Claire, hi. - I want an explanation for yesterday. - What do you mean? - Helena called to tell me that she was so offended by your behaviour that she's taking her collection to Christie's. What happened? Claire, I've already made arrangements to make a personal apology and put Buckland's back in the running. As a matter of fact, I convinced Miss Statler to meet me at her estate. See, here's the address. Okay. You really think you can get this account back? - I'd stake my job on it. - Good, because you just did. All right, I'll get my briefcase, and we'll take my car. - No. - No? Oh, yes, yes, yes. I'm not gonna leave you alone with that client again. - What was that? - Hail Mary pass. Okay. All right, let us think. I got it. I will take Claire to the wrong address, pretend that we've been stood up or something. You call the other one of us at Quake. - I love it when I'm so decisive. - Okay, look, you go get the other Prue and take her to the manor, okay? And we'll finish this. Yeah, hey, Pheebs, it's me. No, the real one. I'm just checking in. We do that a lot, don't we? Check in with our sisters, make sure that they're okay. Don't you think that if there was a problem, they would call us and let us know? Phoebe, I'll call you back. I have to go yell at myself. Prue! - Hi. Hi, you ready to go? - Wow, did you change your sweater? Yeah, black's more my colour. Come on. - Thank you for calling Quake. - Piper, it's me.</i> - What colour? - The pink one. The real Prue just left with Claire.</i> Look, I need you to get the blue one to the manor. We're meeting Prue there before we go to Gabriel's estate. I've been thinking. Have you guys thought about what happens after you separate Gabriel from his sword? The Book says that she took the sword away, and that was it. Why?</i> Well, what if he still comes after you? He's a warlord, remember? Once we get the sword, we'll destroy it. He would be crazy to take us on. Piper, don't worry. We have the plan, and we have the power. I just don't wanna lose you. - Any of you. - You won't. I promise. Bye. The pink... ...one just called and wants you to meet her. Prue, what are you doing? Trying today's special. You know, I think it needs a teeny bit more Parmesan. I'm sure it's fine, since today's special is glazed short ribs. Then forget the Parmesan, because if anybody knows food, it's my Piper. What's your specialty? All right, come on, you guys get to work. There you go. Yeah, I know, it's thrilling. All right. Yeah, I guess I shouldn't pet the help. What has gotten into you? Or who has gotten into you? Because you're nothing like the real Prue. Actually, I'm exactly like the real Prue, just the side that doesn't get to come out and play enough. I'm the flip side of the corporate conservative clone. All right, that's enough. Get out of my kitchen before my cooks overheat. That's... No, I don't want that. Thank you, really. Blinded by the light? You cut me, witch! Prue? Prue. Come on. Give it to me. Where's her soul? Where's her magic? I've been tricked! She has none. Whoever this is, it's not the real witch. Are you okay? No, I'm not. Autopsy's scheduled for first thing tomorrow morning, but the case officer said you might be able to ID the body now. It's a homicide victim, right? Somebody ran her through with a bladed weapon, so I'd call that a big yes. No ID on the body, but those are her personal effects. Prue. - Hey, Andy. - Phoebe. Sorry. What did you do? This is serious, Phoebe. Look, in homicide, I've done this many times before, but this is the worst. What...? Prue's dead. They found her body dumped in a ravine near the Presidio. Are you sure that it was Prue? I saw the body. Investigating officers found a couple of drops of blood on a path away from the ravine. Blood that probably belonged to the murderer. - What was she wearing, Andy? - Excuse me? What colour was she wearing, Andy? What colour? Phoebe, did you just hear what I said? Okay, Andy, now I'm serious. Any idea what colour sweater she was wearing when they found her? I know it sounds strange, Andy, but it's important. I think the report said pink. Thank God. I just told you I saw your sister dead, and you're relieved? Well, Andy, it's no secret that we fought at times. What the hell kind of answer is that, Phoebe? Look, if you have any more ideas about how to rearrange my business, - you can just save it, because... - Yeah, yeah. Hi, Andy. - Andy, nice tie. - Prue, I was just at the morgue, and... Okay, I may not be an expert, but I think this is the time when somebody hides. - Prue, what's the matter? - What is he doing here? He saw you dead at the morgue, obviously a clone, and he thought it'd be better to break the news here. One of us is dead. I knew it. - I felt it happen. - What do you mean? - I didn't feel anything. - I was in the car with Claire, and when she died, I felt like it was me. Okay, but one crisis at a time. Prue, you gotta go. Hide. Go. Get. And I was in the morgue, and you were on a slab. Andy, you know what they say. Everybody has a twin out there somewhere. Not like this. There has to be a better explanation for what I saw. - Why do we have to come up with it? - I know what I saw. Okay, look, Andy, it means the world to me that you came, but I'm here. And believe me, I didn't get killed today. You can see I'm very much alive. And I'm fine, I promise. Can't argue with that. By the way, did you make up your mind about the concert? What concert? The Bay Area Music Awards. Oh, you mean those tickets we ordered months ago. Did those tickets finally come in? Yeah, they came in the mail. Maybe I'll bring them over sometime. All right, we need to do something. Gabriel's going to find us, and there aren't enough of us left to defeat him. - How do you know he's still after you? - Because I'm still here. And as long as I'm needed, the spell is still on. Do you think Gabriel knows he didn't get the real Prue? I'd bet on it. We're gonna need more us's to fight him. - More Prues? - Look, don't worry, I'm never casting that spell again. I wont risk any more me's. - What about our plan? - We will still use our powers to sneak into Gabriel's estate. Except we won't be alone when we find him. Prue, we're geniuses. What are you people thinking? Gabriel Statler is a flesh-and-blood person with a flesh-and-blood sister. The only thing that protects him, that makes him invulnerable, is that sword. And Gabriel has this weird, binding passion for Helena. So if we grab her, we can use her as leverage. - A sword for his sister. - That's your plan? You think he won't protect his own flesh and blood? Okay, look, we grab Helena, and he either trades his sword for her life, or we use her to buy more time until we figure out a way to separate him from his sword. - Okay, so we'll go with you. - No way. Today, I felt my own death. And when that sword went in, I felt my life slipping away. I couldn't even imagine if something like that happened to either one of you. Okay? I'm more protective of you guys. Anything from surveillance? I saw at least two women identical to Prue Halliwell. One was leaving the restaurant in a blue sweater, the other was entering the manor in a black sweater. We're gonna have to chance an attack on her at home. Just wait until the hours right before dawn, when they're certain to be asleep and vulnerable. Checkmate. Can we have a word with Prue? - Sure. - Sure. - The real Prue. - Yeah, what's up? In private, please, if you don't mind. It's important. Sister stuff. No offence. None taken. All right, I'll wait out in the hall. I know what you guys are going to say. Please don't try and talk me out of it. Okay, forgive us for not wanting you dead. No, I appreciate that. It's just that we'll be fine. You don't know that. The warehouse was a trap. How do you know his house isn't as dangerous? Yeah, the Statlers don't seem like the white-picket-fence type. Well, it's our only option. No, it isn't. Why go to him when you're stronger in your own home with us? And wait for Gabriel to find us? I don't think so. He's a strategist, Prue. Every move he's made has been carefully planned. He's studied you. And if he's learned anything about you, it's how protective you are. He knows you'll risk yourself in order to save others, especially your sisters. It's exactly what he wants. You'll only think that you have the upper hand. Okay, just for a moment, don't think of us as sisters that you need to protect. Think of us as sisters who can help you defend. You guys are right. And you're right about Gabriel too. It's far too dangerous. Okay, I need to... We need to come up with another plan. So you guys have to tell the other me. You might be having this conversation all over again. - I'm not talking to that clone. - You have to. Did anybody take notes? I'm not talking to that clone. Prue? She's gone. Yeah, to Gabriel Statler's estate. It's exactly what you would've done, isn't it? Yeah. She went to save all of us. All right, we have to stop her before she does something. Gabriel. Gabriel. Gabriel! - My God, Helena. - She tied me up. This, in war terms, is what I believe they call a reversal of fortune. I'll make it easy for you. Your sword for your sister. Done. There's only one problem. You're not the real Prue Halliwell. Any woman smart enough to clone herself would not make the mistake of confronting me here. So tell me, how many of you are there? So then you're the last clone. Let my sister go, and I promise to make it quick and painless for you and the real Prue. Don't make me do this. Your sword for your sister, please. Who has the reversal of fortune now? - Are you all right? - What's going on? He's killing her. Oh, God, I can feel the sword. I can't breathe. It's over. She's gone. Okay, now would be a good time for plan B. What about the evidence that Andy talked about? The trail of blood leaving the ravine where they found the first Prue. We can't assume it's Gabriel's. The Book says he's invulnerable. To the weapons of man. That wouldn't include a crystal sword that sucks away your soul. Right, but I've already proven that you can't take his sword away from him. Why do we have to take it away? Maybe we should try to bring Gabriel and his sword even closer. Pheebs, you are so smart. Speaking of getting closer, I think Gabriel's on his way here. And these fingerprints are cross-referenced? Okay, I fingerprinted Jane Doe myself. The reference prints you asked for for Prudence Halliwell came out of her birth certificate from the archives, which I took the liberty of verifying through her DMV records. And Prue Halliwell's prints are an identical match to Jane Doe's? Down to the last whorl. That's statistically impossible. Even identical twins have a natural variation. Then I'd get on the horn to Ripley's Believe It or Not, because as far as forensic medicine can tell, this woman is Prue Halliwell. You leave Ripley's out of the loop, along with anyone else who isn't me. You clever witch. Hey, check out G.I. Joe. It worked. My weapon. It's all yours. No! Peace at last. Wow, too bad you didn't knock him back into the statue. That's his army. Kidding, kidding, kidding. Andy, it's 4 in the morning. This isn't a social call, Prue. I need you to come with me. - Where to? - City morgue. I'll drive. Are you gonna tell me what this is about, because you haven't said a word since we got in the car. I'll show you what this is about. I don't get it. I had a body on this slab. She was identical to you, right down to your fingerprints. Andy, I don't know what you want me to say. Ever since you came back into my life, it's been one weird coincidence after another, and you don't know what to say. Why don't you tell me what you wanna hear. Andy, I'm sorry, but there's nothing but clothes on that slab, so why don't you just take me home. Curiously, the only item found by the slain body of Helena Statler was a blue sweater. That's a shame, because I kind of liked that sweater. What's with the gift basket? It's a thank you for my assistant. Believe me, she earned it. Tumbler number 345, 46 and 47. And that, ladies, is the end of Quake's yearly inventory. And the end of crowded bathrooms, the end of no hot water and the end of three Prues hogging all the good clothes. You know, one day you might hear what you actually sound like when you say stuff like that. And I will find myself sassy and delightful. I won't count on it. All right, to me, myself and I, and to you guys. I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you. And to me, for kicking some serious demon butt. And to clones who vanish without a trace. Poor Andy. Do you think he'll ever figure it out? I don't know, but I wouldn't