It's part of the spell. You know, this just might work. Who is he? I don't know his name. He's some guy that I used to see in the elevator all the time at work. I'm Julie, Phoebe's cousin. Dex, Dex Lawson. - Dex Lawson, nice to meet you Dex. - Me too. - Behind you! - Shhh! It could be that the Charmed Ones are still alive. What if a demon attacks when I'm out? They're not gonna attack, alright? They think you're dead. I mean not here, I mean anywhere, in general. Like "anywhere in the city"? Yes, what am I supposed to do? Just ignore it? I should have gone taller. I always wanted to be taller. Are you listenning to me? Yeah, just ignore it. Why did you got blond? I don't know. I didn't have lot time to think about it. Besides, I'm gonna like it. Leo, the jingling is back. Can you help me get rid of it? Just ignore it. It's his advice for the day. Excuse me. I can't ignore it, it's relentless. What does that little witch want anyway? I don't know, maybe she doesn't even know she's calling you. You know, sometimes new charges don't, sometimes it's just subliminal. How am I supposed to get my life back then? Your life? What about my life? What about it? How am I supposed to marry a guy I just met in an elevator? Excuse me, but I was obssessing first. No, excuse me. No, actually, I was. I think marrying a complete stranger wins. I mean, he doesn't know who I really am. Yeah but he's a really really cute stranger and you know why? Guys, do you mind? At least he's not driving me crazy. Maybe you should try medidate it. I just got my life back. I don't wanna get hitch yet. There's nothing wrong with being hitched. No guys, really, ok? Back to my life. Maybe I should go to magic school to get rid of it. He's cute. But again you know, I could risk exposure. I don't even know what he does. Familial meeting, now. - If she didn't want to go to magic school, all she had to do is tell me. - You're in trouble. What to do... It's abandonned. No one's here. Although they can still be invisible. This is magic school after all. No. The magic here is all ours now. Are you sure? Positive. Ok people we got to have a grip here. Otherwise what are we doing? We might as well just go back to fighting demons again. Even if they think we're dead? It was a rethorical question. No, it wasn't. - Paige! - What? I think the point is that we need to take it slow you know, be patient. Tell that to my premonition. And my stupid charge. Don't even start. - You know, you're gonna be late. - Late for what? My spa day. I'm supposed to be having any facial and a massage, and a seaweed rapid thing. I'm so jealous. Well, it was Phoebe's idea. We were watching Sex And the City. Speaking of which, did Carrie ever have to marry a man she did not know? Carrie? Don't ask her on Sex and the City, again. No, the answer is no. She did not. Why can't we live our lives like they did? Uh... didn't one of them sleep around a lot? No, she was a free spirit. Which by the way can only happen when you're free. God! Is that really necessary? Apparently. Look, Ok, nobody said that it was gonna be easy. We need to get a little prospective here. How bad can things be when we don't have demons to worry about anymore? Thank you. Look, you. You need to focus on something else. You've gotta get that charge off your mind. Well, people I am opened to suggestions. Do what Grams said. Get out there. Ignore the signs of your old life and look for signs that lead you to your new life. Try anything. And you, you're all about signs. So, isn't that exactly what a vision is anyway? - Yeah but... - Don't make me whistle. Last year you had a premonition that you were gonna have a daughter, which means that this year you're gonna have to have a little sex and get pregnant. And since Dex which coincidently rimes with "sex", could be the father. God! Look, I suggest you to get to know him, well and fast, because this is maybe the one sign you can't ignore. Alright? Everybody good, people? Great. See you later. Maybe Piper's right. I mean if there's one thing we've learned, it's that we'll be in guided. And signs always lead the way. The question is : where do you start looking for them? Start with Dex. See if you even like him. Isn't the fact that we can take this place over proves enough that the Charmed Ones are really dead? Unless they are hidding. They would not leave magic school unprotected. Or leave its power for us to take. Perhaps not. But then again, that's the mystery we're trying to solve. Isn't it? Speaking of witch, any progress on that front? We've lured three teenagers so far. Turn them all, and yet no sign of the witches. They won't be able to ignore the crisis for long. If the sisters are alive, they will come to the rescue. It's in their blood. Unless your plan is too obscur for them to notice. Maybe you give them too much credit. Demons have used the mode of fairy tales just to trap them before. It's in the text book. How Cinderella already turned the Charmed Ones into pumpkins. Humans are raised on these insidous tales. They tap in the universe of beings common emotions : fears. That why we can lure the victims so easily. Don't worry, sooner or later the Charmed Ones will follow, and when they do, we will have them. What if they don't take the bait? What if they live no more? Well then we'll mess up a few kids, and that's fun all by itself, no? Time to find our next Alice. Signs of course can be good or bad. But they should never be ignored. I'm telling you, something really weird is going on. I mean, come on! Why aren't the cops doing something about this? It's totally ragged. - I don't know. They probably think this is drugs or something. - It's not drugs. No way. This is something way more scary. But they just don't care. Nobody cares! We're teenagers! No, that girl Alyson just turned 20. Who is Alyson? Alyson? This sur-wordy chick that went missing? That was later found walking around like her hard drive had just been erased? Her hard drive? This isn't funny Billie. This is serious. Some creep's out there praying on kids like us, and nobody's doing jack about it. Don't you even care? Actually what I care about right now, is not being late for maths and physics, which I'm failing. Unbelievable. Whatever. All I got to say is that somebody better do something before anyone else gets hurt. Signs don't always mean what we think they do. They can after all be confusing. Especially into this world where we're constantly bombarded by them. Still it's up to us to interpretate them the best way we know how. It's called survival. You're going up? Yeah, but not right now. It's ok. Go ahead. Unfortunatly waiting for just the right sign to come along can be frustrating; especially when you're in a hurry to conceive. Which is why sometimes you have to... - Hi. - Hi. help make the signs come to you. Uh... It's Dex, right? Yeah, that's right. And you're... Julie. You remembered? How could I forget it. On the other hand, some signs come to you even when you wish they wouldn't. Great. Just great. You driving licence please. What did I do? You went through a stop sign. You're from L.A? Yeah. My cousins died. So I just came here to help out. Waouh, sorry. Well, yeah, it's a little harder that I thought it would be. You know adjusting to a new city and all. What did you do before? You could say help people. Yeah? Maybe you should become a cop. What's a 920? Missing person found. Probably another one of those kids. It looks like it's your lucky day. - Can I ask you a question? - Make it fast. What do you like most about your job? Catching the bad guys. I had thought you've said we'd go to a garden party or something. We are, Allister, we are. Yeah? You're sure this is the way? You don't wanna be late, do you? No but... Because we're very very late. We're late for what? Look. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea. Ok. I mean I really don't even know you. I promised you an adventure, didn't I? Stand there. What's down there? Secrets off. Come on. Aren't at least a bit curious? Rats. Help. Anybody? Where am I? You're down the rabbit hole. Allister in Wonderland. Close enough. This one I got the inspiration for a few years ago. I was flying over Africa. I was looking out of the window, you know, painfully aware of the struggles below me, and yet sup up the clouds feeling at peace. It's supposed to remind us of the delicate balance between, you know, life, good, evil. And I can see in it all that. All my work is... You know, art expression. It's supposed to be enjoying the moment. After all that's all we really have, isn't it? I tend to believe too much in the future. I can't help with that. It's in my blood. Anyway, it's great. I mean it's all great. Everything is great. And here I thought all this time you were a lawyer or something... But I thought you just got to town after Phoebe died. Oh yeah. You know, I did. It's just what Phoebe said. I got what she said that you did. It's all very sad. Sure, it must be hard. But life goes on, right? Isn't that the lesson in all of this? Well, I don't know about lesson, but... No really, it's more than I can stand to learn. I actually often said that the worst part of modern technology is the way it robs you of the fine moments. You know, the little discoveries, even intimacy. What? I was just thinking that... that's exactly what Phoebe once say. Really? That's odd. I mean, wrote in her advice column. That was like verbatim. I don't know. It must run in the family, uh? Yeah, it must. You really read her column, didn't you? Do you like to get a cup of coffee? It's not diner, or lunch even, but it's not bad. I'd love to. When you're in a hurry, you can't be too picky about the signs, as lons as it causes a few sparks, what more can you ask for. Fortunately, not every spark is a positive one. - Oh oh. - Oh oh. Uh... I think the transformer shut. Ok, fix it. I can't. I need a new one. Can you get a new one and replace it? It has to be ordered. It could take a couple of days. A couple of days? I don't have a couple of days! This is nightclub. We've got music and lights and credit card machines. I need electricity. I wish I can help you, but I couldn't even get an inspector at here before tomorrow anyway. An inspector? What inspector? For what? That's the code. - You wanna wait here while I give my call? - No, I don't wanna wait here. I'm not even supposed to be here. I'm supposed beginning a manucure, and a pedicure and a facial and something else. You don't really care, do you? I'm just an electrician Madam. Alright, you know what, Bud, is it? I don't really care, ok? Do whatever it takes. Get some solar pannels, run a generator, whatever. But you know what? I need to have a little any bit of a light, ok? Just a little tiny, tiny, tiny light. Is that ok with you? Sorry. Sign please. Yeah. Of course, in the case of extreme things, signs tend to balance each other out.</i> For instance, when one says "closed", an other says "come on in". Can I help you? Oh hi. I'm just checking stuff out for a friend. Does he to become a police officer? She actually and I think she's exploring her options. I see. Well she could have picked one very noble profession. Did she have any background in law enforcement? Unofficially. She was a social worker and she's made an awful lot of citizens' arrests. Well, it's one thing to carry a pen, quite another to carry a gun. - Have you ever fired a gun? - Me? No. I mean, but this is about my... your friend, yeah. Look, don't take this the wrong way, ok, but I can tell by looking at you you don't have what it takes. Excuse me? We're looking for serious committed minded young people, and I'm the guy that has still to deal with the crazies, the nutsies and the attracted divorcies, and those who waste attack spares arguying money. You obviously don't know who you're talking to. Well, don't take offense Ma'am. The fact is we only take the very best of the best. And that does not currently include anyone worried about breaking a nail. You know what? Who dare you prejudge me? You don't know the first thing about me. You know, I could have saved the world like a hundred times over. Of course, yes. Good day. No, you know what? I know you don't thing I can do this Mister six feet four big guy, but I tell you what. I beg I can take you. Sure you could lady, sure. Let me try. Do yourself a favor. Leave, now. Look, I don't have time for this crap. The application is on the desk. Hey bunny. Here bunny, bunny. Bunny, don't be afraid. Bunny, I won't hurt you. Oh my God. Sorry Alexis. Try again. You're ready for a wild ride? Did you hear? They found an other one, a boy this time. Allister, I think his name was. Another A name. I'm telling you, it's just like that in Agatha Christie novel, the Alphabet Murders, remember that? I mean, I know it's not murders in this case, but it might as well be. I mean those kids are coming back like zombies or something, vegetables. It's awful. God only know what that sick pervert does to those poor kids. I'm sorry, no cell phones. Sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you. Hello? What? What? Leo, you locked yourself out of the house? With Wyatt? Oh come on! Alright, you know what? Fine. I'm on my way, I'm on my way! Welcome cadets. You've chosen become one of the few and the proud San Fransisco city police officer. Off the next several days however, you will be screen for potentially disqualifying behavior. You will be asked to critically analize a situation and determine an appropriate course of action. You'll be expected to act deservedly, and without hesitation, but without overreacting. And you will be tested to see if you can make quick responsible decisions under pressure. Am I making myself clear? Perfectly. What's your name, cadet? Jo Bennett. I keep an eye on you, Bennett. Making poor choices and failing exhibit sound judgment in a crisis situation... are all negative attributes that can and will disqualify you from this academy. Sometimes signs are so obvious, that only a fool can miss them.</i> And Paige is no fool. Oh, hi. - You're alright? - No. I've a horrible migraine. I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to go. It's not easy starting new lives, following new signs, especially when the old ones keep getting in the way. Oh, no fair, you moved! What do you try to do? Kill me? You again? Look what you did! I had her! Then why did you call for me? Again. I didn't call you. I don't even know you. Then maybe your inner witch does, because sadly, I'm your whitelighter. Whatever that means. Hey. Let go off me. I can't. Not until I'll help you. I don't need anybody's help. Well you need my help, whether you like it or not. Are you a cop? - No. - Good. You're blond? See you. Help. Somebody just tried to kidnap me. Here you are. I got you your coffee drink. You know the one with cream, right? Am I that predicitible? Well, everybody is when it comes to their coffee drink. Oh I take it it went well with Dex. Oh yes it did. I mean, I'm not ready to marry the guy obviously yet, but you know, I could do worse. Actually, you know, I've done worse before. Well you maybe want to take it a little bit slow despite your premonition. Do you know where Piper is? I've got her Cona Makiado. No, I don't. I just got home. Paige, are you scrying? You're not supposed to be scrying. Why don't you just go yell on my charge, ok? She won't leave me alone. So you scalped her? No, I did not. I was out about when she called. And I found her fighting a demon. Another one? How did she do? Not as good as she thought she did. But at least she saved an innocent. An innocent? What innocent? One of those missing teens. At least she didn't got to her first too late. I think that if I can find that little witch, then I can finally be done with all of this stuff. By vanquishing the demon? That's the general idea. I don't want to be doing this, you know. Paige, it's completely understandable that you miss your old life so much that... I don't. Maybe a tiny tiny little bit. But not enough to make me wanna go back. Devinitively not. This is just... something I have to do. Ok. Then I'll help you. No, no, no. I think the more of us are involved, the more we risk exposure. - I'm gonna be ok. - Ok. Oh the paper called for you. Really? What did they want? I think they wanted to talk to you, or, your cousin you obviously. I wonder what they wanted. I think they just want some quotes from you, you know, that Phoebe tribune and all. I don't think they'll figure anything out. I think it'll be ok. And the bright side, you're good to see Dex again. Signs can come at any time, and from anywhere. But when you get one, you have no choice but to follow it,</i> even if it leads you right into danger. How could you let her get away? Every innocent counts, especially when one you were ultimately trying to lure. I didn't let her get away. - A witch... - If you can't handle one louzy witch! It wasn't just one! What do you mean? I mean, somebody else came to help. - An other witch? - No, a whitelighter. Probably hers. Wasn't one of the Charmed Ones a whitelighter? Half. Why? Because maybe it wasn't just a whitelighter who came to help. Maybe it was really our sister. That's impossible. - Neither of them looked anything like... - They wouldn't. They'd be in disguises. Magical disguises. - Perhaps we're closer than we think. - What if we are? How could we kill them when no other demon could. We don't try. We can't. But what we can do is taking on the same wild ride as the Elders with the same inevitable result. I give up! No use, I quit. Quit? Quit? Why? What's the matter? Everything. I can't have a normal life when I can't even have a normal day! Not now Leo, I'm not in the mood. Oh come on, like that's what I want. Come on, just talk to me, ok? What is it? Nothing. It's just... It's not what I expected, that's all. Everytime I try to do something for myself, something comes along to mess it up. And aside from all the demon fighting, it's not that much different than it used to be. Look I'm sorry I locked myself out of the house, ok? No, it's not that. It's not the point. Just, you know what? Forget it. Look, this all just happened, ok? You're starting over. You have to be patient. Trust me. It's gonna take some time. Time? How much more time? I just lost my twenties, how much time do you want? What do you mean? I mean it's just... It feels like I just woke up, and I misplaced the hugest chock of my life. I mean, it went by so fast. Seven years ago, I was just fresh out of college, I was single, I was cooking, I was trying to become a chef, and then boom, suddenly, "hello, hi, you're a witch, and by the way so is your whole family", and we're saving innocents, and then I'm somebody's wife, and then I'm somebody's mother, and then I'm somebody's boss, and I'm somebody something. And I just... I don't know how to start over. I've been wo many things for so long. I don't know who I am anymore. I know who you are. You're an amazing mum. And you're an amazing wife. And most importantly, an amazing person. Stop. No, you are. You can't sacrify yourself for so many people for so many years and not expect a transition period. You have to be patient. And what do I do about the guilt? What guilt? The guilt I feel when I know very bad things are happening out there and I'm not doing anything about it. Like these missing kids. Bad things are always gonna happen, Piper. You know, they happened long before you became a witch, and they're gonna continue to happen long afterwards. You've paid your dues. You've been selfless, now it's time to be selfish. You deserve it. We all do. - We've got to stop meeting like this. - Yeah, how you say? Sometimes signs are settled, easily missed. But if you're lucky enough to catch them, they tend to send you in the right direction.</i> On the other hand, if you miss them, they can bite you in the ass. Big time. You dropped something? Nice costum. Where did you get it? Sax, you like it? No, witches don't actually wear costums. Oh really? So they cannot go out in a broomstick that she's everyday wearing? I meant recently. You should be more specific. I'll try to remember that for next time. Thanks for the tip. What's your name anyway? What's yours? Jo. Billie. Well, Billie, it seems as if we have a big problem here. Oh yeah? You know actually, my problem is that you're just killing my buzz. "Buzz", that's what you're calling fighting demons? Beats the hell out of video games! This isn't a game, ok? This is real, deadly real. You can't use an adverb with a noun. Chair! Ok, here is the thing. People are getting killed. So you are gonna tell me everything I want to know and you're gonna tell it to me now, otherwise we're gonna go out again. Fine, I'm listenning. How long have you been a witch? Not that long, just up to really recently, I noticed I had these... these powers. So I bought a couple of books and I figured it out. And you figured out how to track demons that way? I'm good. Well, I am. Look, let me... May I? Ok, well, first, I noticed that all the missing kids had Alice like names. You know like Alicia, Alyson, Allister, Alex. This has to do with what? Alice? You know, like Alice in Wonderland? Ok, when the victims were found, they were saying all these weird things, like mad hatters, white rabbits, stone caterpillars. It had to be something demonic, right? It wasn't just too cool not to be. No, actually demonic isn't so cool. It's kind of a bad thing. Ok, whatever. Anyways. I input it all in the computer, I hoped the crystal act like a GPS system, I started scrying for the demon, and voilà, there he was. Or there she was. Are most demons chicks? No, no, not always. You figured this all out by yourself? - Yeah. - Ok, in that case I'm gonna need you to stay put while I go dealing with this. Wait, what? You're in way over your head, Billie. That's why yo called for my help. I did not called for you. Just let me and my sisters deal with this, ok? Wait, what, sisters? Are they witches too? Just stay here. I'll be back. Stay! Hey Julie. Dex, hey. What are you doing here? Well you know I just stop by and see how things went with the tribune. - Actually it has nothing to do with the tribune. - No? No. Apparently the newspaper is having a hard time getting the advice column out - ever since, you know. - Yeah. So they asked me to help out a little bit, which I thought was kind of weird, but I said sure. Because I'm here and I'm not doing anything. You look like you're enjoying yourself. Oh, hey, get this to copy right away and make sure that "weird and warmer creek" is before "abandonned Boston" because it just flows better, ok? Thanks. Dead lines. I wonder what made them ask you of all people? I don't know. They said something about who being... Might run in the family? Yes, that's exactly what they said. Wait a minute. Did you have... I ran into here after the elevator, I told her I thought, you might be able to help. Anything better than the crap they've been printing, right? Yeah. Thanks, I think. Look, I was just trying to protect your cousin's column. I was her biggest fan. I can see that. It's too bad you've never got to know her. Well, maybe you can catch me above at diner? A fourth victim, Alex Robbins,18, had just been discovered, walking down in the middle of Market Street, without any sense of who she was or what she was doing. Witnesses say that like the others she was found mumbling incoherently. In this case, about a path that leads no where and smiles without faces. "Smiles without faces..." What the hell is going on out there. I have to go now. - What? - I'll call you. I'm sorry. The teens are being lured by a fairy tale. Yeah, Alice in Wonderland. We know. What do you mean you know? - Billie. - Billie? Who is Billie? Paige's new charge. What I don't understand is why Alice in Wonderland? Why did the demon pick that one? Are you kidding? It's all about the loss of innocence, the need for escape, the search for one's identity. Well if that's the case, I'm surprised they didn't lure us too. Maybe it was meant to. What else a demon would go through all that trouble, what, just to mess up a couple of kids? Possibly. I think these signs are too elaborate not to be meant for us. And Billie. No, I don't think it was meant for her. I think she just found it. Which makes her one smart witch. Yeah, maybe too smart for our own good I think. Do you think it is a trap? It could be. Ok, then what do we do? I mean we can't go after the demon. If we don't do anything, more innocents will be hurt. Innocents are always gonna get hurt. I know Leo, but it's a little bit different, when we're aware of it. I don't think this is something we can ignore. So how do we find them? Billie knows how. I'll go get her scrying stuff and you stay and make a potion, ok? What if she figures this out? I don't think she's gonna figure this out because to her, it is all just a lovely little game. Yeah well it's one we'd better win. We've been waiting for you. Oh, I'm curious. Which one are you? Phoebe? Piper? Paige? I think you have me confuse with somebody else. I think not. Send her through. Then after the sisters find her lying in the street and come looking for revenge, we will send them through too. Where is Billie? In big trouble. She decided to go after the demon by herself. - What? - A way to find her? I think so. I took this from her computer showing me how she scryied. She was scrying with a computer? Pretty style there. Right. Or it just might get her killed faster. I got her. Hang on a second, wait one second. What if Billie doesn't need saving. What? Do you have any idea what she's talking about? I'm talking about what if Billie is part of the trap. That is absurd. Is it? Think about it. Either she's as smart as you think she is, and she figured all of it out by herself, or she's working with the demons. Oh please. Come on Paige, how well do you really know her? She could have planted all of the signs. Help! Kill her! I said kill her! Cut her, right now, on with her head! Run for your life! What is happenning to me? "I'll be the judge and the jury." said the cunning old Fury... And I'll trial the whole case, then condemn you to death. - Billie are you in there? - Yeah. What have you done? How did you do this? You killed her. Brightside, at least you got to meet us first. I should never have underestimated you. I knew you're alive. Too bad, you won't be around long enough to tell anybody. Waouh! You're welcome. I can't believe this. You guys really are the Charmed Ones? I did a little research after you left. The newspapers said you all died in a terrible accident. And which one are you? I would be Paige. What do we do? Blow her up. What? Do you have any better ideas? I'm not gonna tell anyone if that what you think. I promise. What's the catch? Well, show me the ropes, teach me everything you know about witchcraft. Everything. - Forget it. - Wait a second. What do you have to offer? I can help you guys fight the demons. You don't have to do it all the time. I mean, I assume that is why you faked your own deaths, right? You're right. She is too smart for our own good. Alright. One condition. Lose the cheap leather outfit. Sorry. It's funny sometimes where signs lead you. Rarely where you thought you'd go, but always where you belong. In Paige's case, she realized that being a cop wasn't her cup of tea, being with a certain cop was. For Piper, the only sign she really needed was the one that reminded her she wasn't alone. As for me, I discovered that, just like Alice, no matter how wild the ride, signs will sometimes lead you right back to where you started from. Changed,