Great party. We should do this more often. Yeah, maybe next time we can trim the guest list by one. Piper, I had to invite Leo. He was at the club when I picked up the supplies. He knew that we were throwing a party. Well, didn't you think maybe he'd feel a little bit awkward because of Dan? Doesn't look like he feels too awkward to me. Look, Piper, he's been mortal for what, a couple of weeks now? I felt bad for him. He doesn't know anybody. And it's not like there's a fallen-whitelighter support group to join or anything. Prue, I'm not upset with you. I'm just upset with the whole situation. Well, Leo is just gonna have to accept the fact that you're with Dan now. You are still with Dan, right? Yes, of course. What do you think they're talking about? - You. - Great. Hey, you guys. Give me a break. It's after midnight. I have midterms. Sorry, Pheebs, didn't realize we were being so loud. Why don't you take a study break, clear your head. I can't, I have too many phobias. To learn about, for my psych exam. I had no idea there were so many: Claustrophobia, arachnophobia, kleptophobia, phallus-phobia. - "Relaxaphobia." - Cute. - Just trying to help. - Help by keeping it down. - Did I mention it's after midnight? - Twice. - Party's breaking up anyway. - Thank you. What the hell are they talking about? My favourite ball player? Joe DiMaggio, hands down. I meant when you were growing up. DiMaggio was... ...my grandfather's favourite. That's why he's mine too. You know, Leo, this is just an observation, but you don't like to talk about your past too much, do you? It's just not all that interesting, really. Not that interesting? I mean, being in the Army sounds pretty interesting. I mean, how long you been out? - Piper. - Hi, guys. Having fun? Not talking about me too much, I hope. No, no, not at all. No? Actually, Leo was about to fill me in on his Army experience. The Army? Look at the time. Gotta call it a night. Party's over. - Goodnight, everybody. - Finally. - You guys be safe tonight. - Thank you. Okay, I asked you guys once to keep it down... Phoebe? Phoebe? Hey, are you all right? Yeah. I think so. - What happened? - I don't know. But I'd sure like to find out. Thanks. - You sure you're all right? - I'm fine, really. You're lucky. Falling down like that, you could've hurt yourself. Maybe we should call it a night, huh? Let her get some rest? - Okay. I'll walk you out. - Okay. Hey, Leo. Coming? No, he has to stay here and... Take glasses back to P3. Now? At this hour? I'm a tough boss. Ready? - Nice chatting with you. - Yeah, you too. Well, I thought he'd never leave. What the hell were you two chatting about all night? Piper, do you mind? Phoebe, so, what really happened? Okay, I heard what I thought were party noises, so I came downstairs to check and to yell at you guys, and I was attacked by something invisible. So, what, like, a ghost? I didn't sense another being. It was more, I don't know, like a daydream, I guess. A daydream? Since when do daydreams attack people? It wasn't really an attack, it was more... ...of a seduction. - Interesting daydream. - Yeah. So I guess the question is, what was it? Have you ever run across anything like this? - I mean, as a whitelighter? - Not really. Which means we have no idea if it's going to strike again or not. This is so embarrassing. I haven't needed my big sister to walk me to school since the first grade. Yeah, well, get used to it. Until we figure out what happened, we're your bodyguards. How do you know that you don't need the bodyguard? How do you know that he won't come after you next? Well, because from your description, it sounded very intimate. It makes me think that yours is the only body it's interested in. Hey, you know, are you sure that you're up for taking this exam? I can't let stuff like this keep me from living my life. Otherwise I'd never leave the house, you know? True. You're not gonna sit beside me while I take this test. - I'm not? - No, you are not. You're gonna wait patiently out here until I'm done. Please? All right, but if anything weird happens, yell. Okay. - How's Phoebe? - Fine, so far. She should be taking her midterm as we speak. So no more attacks after I left? Prue and I took turns watching her all night. - Nothing happened. - Really? That's good. Wait a minute. I know that tone. What's up? What do you know? - Nothing. Just... - Just what? Come on, Leo, if this has anything to do with what happened... It may not, I don't know. It's just... Look, I was up all night trying to recall a similar situation another whitelighter had with one of his charges. It had something to do with a past life coming back to haunt her present one. - What? - It's obviously very rare. It doesn't happen to most people. But if I remember right, in this particular case, her past life was trying to warn her present one. - Warn her. About what? - I don't know. And that's what's so frustrating, because I don't have any way of finding out, either. You miss being a whitelighter, don't you? Yeah, at times like this, I do. When I know I can help. And also when I think that I'm never gonna be with you. I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Dan, hi. No, don't be silly. We were just... Finished. What are you doing here? I thought you had a job to bid. Well, I was on my way back to the office. You know, crunch some numbers. If I ask you a question, you promise you won't get mad? Depends on the question. How well do you really know Leo? About where he's from, I mean. - Why do you ask? - Believe me, this isn't a jealousy thing. I just wanna make sure you know who's working for you, that's all. Just call me overprotective. That's very sweet, Dan, but trust me, you don't have to worry about Leo at all. He's an angel. Phoebe. Is she all right? Are you okay? - What am I looking for? - Anything to do with past lives. Potions, spells, incantations. There should be something in the Book of Shadows about it. You think that this has to do with Phoebe's past life? Well, that's how our souls evolve. How we grow as individuals, from one lifetime to the next. Okay, then why is my past love trying to kill me? I don't think it is. I think it's trying to warn you. To give you a chance to do something about it. Maybe it's because you get premonitions. Wait, do something about what? About whatever happened before that's endangering her now. Where's Shirley MacLaine when you need her? Don't need her. We've got this. Leo's right. There's a spell that will take you to that past life. Wait, we're not doing this. Looks like you don't have to. It's written in the first person. I can do it alone. No, Phoebe, there's absolutely no spell to bring you back. Which means she can probably come back whenever she wants to. Probably? That's not good enough. What if she can't? She'd be trapped in her past life, where something awful may have happened to her. But if I don't go back, the same awful thing could happen to me in this life. Fine, then we're going with you. We can't. Not according to the way the spell is written. Only Phoebe can. I've just started to turn my life around. I really don't want my past life to ruin it for me now. Remove the chains of time and space And make my spirit soar Let these mortals arms embrace The life that haunts before - Did you have fun? - It was a hoot. Thanks for the love potion. Worked wonders. Welcome back. - Do you think she's all right? - She looks all right so far. Well. I was wondering where you went off to. I had to get some herbs. I can't very well make my potions without them. Would you like me to curse anyone for you? Maybe later. Hurry up with that giggle water, Jake, we have thirsty people waiting. What's the matter, cousin? You're not afraid of me, are you? - Should I be? - My usual, and bring it to my booth. Could you tell your husband to play something different? I'm bored with this old song. Don't worry about her, baby, just keep playing. Anything for you. - Hello, cousin. - We have to talk. Soon. We're done talking. Did you find the spell? Say these words: Christina Larson, what in the devil are you doing? And you, get out of here. I told you to watch my things, that's all. My dolly. Spells and charms are not toys, Christina, do you understand me? I've been looking all over for you. Why must you tease me, Anton? Come with me. - Drink this. - What is it? A potion to triple your power, in case your cousins are ready for us. It's the only way for us to succeed. You do want that, don't you? That's my girl. Go ahead, test it. - Okay, okay. - Where am I? You're home, honey, you're home. You're okay. - What happened? - I was bad. Very, very bad. Okay, family tree. I know I saw one someplace. I still don't understand. We were all related. Cousins. And we lived here at the manor back in the '20s. Together, here? So much for evolution. Wait, so you saw us in our past lives? I mean, did we look the same? Yeah. You did, actually. Kind of. Well, they probably looked the same to you because your soul recognized their souls. I mean, we all tend to travel in the same circle of family, friends, even enemies, throughout our various lives. And that's why our souls kind of recognize each other. So we can keep finding each other. That's what soul mates means. It was really weird being back like that, because it wasn't like I had any control over my actions. It was more like I was a visitor. Watching, feeling. - Feeling bad? - Feeling very, very bad. Okay, I admit it. I liked it. It felt good to be respected and powerful. Hey, speaking of powers, how come I didn't get to keep that kick-ass power I had back then? Well, if you screw up, you regress. Your past self must've abused the power. That's why it was taken away from you. That's too bad, because it was hot, literally. Yeah, apparently that isn't the only thing that was really hot. Yeah. Anton was hot too. Oh, and he was such a good kisser. And so good with his hands. Hands that very well may have killed you. Maybe. But, you know, it also could've been past Dan. Dan? As in my Dan? - You saw him too? - He was your husband. - Sorry, Leo. - That's okay. I'm hoping Piper learns from her past mistakes. Prue, this was the camera that you used in your past life. Wait, l...? I was a photographer? Yeah, and apparently a really good one, because people were lining up to get their portraits taken. Really? So any idea what kind of power I had? I don't know, but whatever it was, it must've been pretty powerful, because Anton had to triple mine. I found it. The family tree. And there we are at the bottom. Right, there's Mom and Grams. Okay, and this must be us again, three cousins. Yeah, but which one is which? Wait a minute. What's the date today? February 17th. I think that this one is me. She died February 17th, 1924. The same age I am, also. Certainly explains why the warnings are happening today. So that doesn't mean that I'm gonna die today too, right? We have to figure out what happened, fast. Wait, what was that little girl's name? Christina... Christina... Christina Larson. Christina Larson. Maybe she can remember what happened. - Can you say "long shot"? - Well, it's the only shot I got, Prue. I will call Darryl, and maybe the police can track her down. I just hope she's forgotten what I did to her doll. My dolly. You broke my dolly. No, that wasn't me, it was just someone that looked like me, sort of. It's hard to explain. At least she recognizes your soul. That's a good sign. Just let her know that you're the good Phoebe, not the bad one. You don't have to be afraid of me anymore. I'm not gonna hurt you, I promise. Ms. Larson, we need your help. Do you remember, when you were a little girl, back in 1924, you used to go to a speakeasy that was run by three cousins. Do you remember that? Daddy was a bartender. He used to pick me up after school and take me there. I liked the piano. The girl that looked like me, do you remember her? She was an evil witch. I used to hide upstairs by the landing. I saw everything. Did you see anything bad happen to the evil witch? Oh, it was scary. Fire and screaming. And then... ...you were murdered. Do you remember who murdered me? Was it a man named Anton? It was such a pretty necklace. Just ripped it off of the bad witch. And then strangled her. Who strangled the evil witch? That was my favourite dolly. I'm so sorry. Well, bright side: At least I won't worry about ending up in a place like this in my golden years. Hey, at least we still have time to figure out what happened. Not much time. By midnight, I'll be dead again. How do you know that? Midnight, a full moon, what's the difference? It's always one or the other, right? I know I won't make it till February 18th, unless... You go back to the past again and find some answers. Whatever you do, make sure you get back before your past life gets killed, otherwise we may not be able to wake you up. Don't worry, dying is one experience I don't plan on reliving. Are you sure you wanna do this again? No. But here goes. Remove the chains of time and space And make my spirit soar Let these mortal arms embrace The life that haunts before Feels good to be bad, doesn't it? Sometimes. Second thoughts? They're my cousins, Anton. They're good witches, my love, which is why I gave you this amulet to wear. It protects you from their witchcraft so they can never harm you. Hey. Killing them is the only way for me to get their powers. And once I have them, together, we will be unstoppable. First things first. Are you ready? Good. Now, remember, wait until after I lure your cousin away from her piano man before you make your move. - How you gonna do that? - Easy. By posing as her former lover. And fighting through her power. - Shall we? - Let's. What are you doing here? Just missing you, baby. Stop it, we can't do this anymore. What is the matter with you? This isn't like you. You're right. It's not. Do you wanna talk now? Upstairs? I'm gonna like having that power. How does it feel to be powerless against me? - Hurry! - Run! - We know Anton's a warlock. - And that he's fallen in love with you. - And turned you evil. - We can't have you join forces. - Not in this life, not in any life. - God, forgive us. Evil witch, in my sight Vanquish thyself Vanquish thy might In this and every future life - Phoebe, what? - You. You were the ones that were trying to kill me. Phoebe, don't be ridiculous. You know we'd never hurt you. No? Tell that to past Phoebe. You cursed her. Phoebe, come on. Hey. They didn't try to kill you, Phoebe. You know that. It was their past selves. I know. And it was my past self that tried to kill them first. Phoebe, whatever happened, you can't blame yourself. It wasn't really you. But that's the thing. It was me. Or at least a part of me that I can relate to. And I don't mean hurting you guys, I can't even imagine that, but being in my past life, that powerful evil feeling, it was... It was seductive. And that's what scares me. I mean, what if that's who I really am? But that's not who you are, Phoebe, not in this life. I mean, you... You've evolved, you've grown. You're good now. I was good then too, before I... Before she turned. Before she fell in love with Anton. Who, surprise, was a warlock. Oh, and that's not the only surprise. Anton could glamour into looking like anyone he wanted to. That's how he lured past Piper. He glamoured into her former lover. Her former lover? Who was that? It was me. Or, rather, past me. - Him? - Yeah. - Hey, how did you know that? - Yeah, how did you know that? When you become a whitelighter, they let you see your past lives, for perspective. No wonder he knows so much stuff about this. Hold it. Wait a minute. You knew that we were lovers before and you didn't tell me? What, did it just slip your mind? - No, I just... - You just what? I'm getting a migraine. I didn't tell you because I didn't want it to influence you in the present. I wanted you to decide whether or not you wanted me in this life. I need an aspirin. Okay, hey, can we get back to my problem since, at best, I only have till midnight to live? Right, sorry. We will talk later. I understand how past Phoebe was killed, but not why killing her is going to kill you. Because of the curse. The cousins didn't wanna risk past Phoebe and Anton getting back together again in any lifetime. Anton was... Is immortal. And I guess that they thought that he and Phoebe were soul mates. So he's still alive, running around out there somewhere? The immediate question is how do we protect Phoebe from her past life? The amulet could protect me. - What amulet? - The one that Anton gave Phoebe. I wonder if Christina knows where it is. Seventy-six years later? I don't think so. We probably have a better chance of looking in the Book of Shadows under "Anton" and seeing where he got the amulet in the first place. Yeah, good. You guys go check that out, and I'm just gonna run downstairs and grab something to eat. I'm starving. Okay, we'll meet you downstairs. Leo, wait. I want you to come with me to the retirement home. - What about your sisters? - I don't want them there. If I don't find the amulet... ...l'm gonna die, Leo. And I don't want them to see that. If Anton is still around and truly in love with Phoebe, he's going to be looking for her. Yeah, I know. But right now, that is the least of our problems. We need to find something, anything, to save Phoebe. Where's Leo? Christina? Hi, it's Phoebe. I'm sorry to bother you again, but I need your help with something. It's really important. I need you to try to remember back to the day that the bad witch died and the pretty necklace was torn off her neck. Do you remember that day? Christina, I know this is difficult, but please try. Phoebe's life depends on it. Do you remember what happened to the necklace, Christina? I was up on the landing, watching the whole scary thing. And the necklace? It just slid across the floor into the foyer. Damn it. We're never gonna find it this way. Maybe, maybe not. Leo, do you think that I could write a spell that could not only send me back to the past, but give me complete control over my actions as well? I don't know, why? Because if I can, I could go back to the past and find the amulet and hide it someplace safe so I know where to find it in the present. The only way to do that would be to switch life forces with past Phoebe. In other words, you would be in 1924 and evil Phoebe would be right here, in your body. But long enough for me to find the amulet and switch back. Yeah, but if something goes wrong, we risk unleashing a powerful evil witch in the present and losing you in the past. But if we don't do anything, Leo, we're gonna lose me anyway. I have to find the amulet. It's my only hope. You do realize you won't look any different to them. They'll still think you're evil Phoebe and try to kill you. Leo, don't worry so much. You're mortal now. You'll get wrinkles. In this time and in this place Take the spirit I displace Bring it forth while I go back To inhabit a soul so black No! Wait! - Where'd she learn that? - I don't know. Okay. The amulet. Where is the amulet? Why is she running from us? Why isn't she just using her power? She's probably trying to lure us into another trap. Phoebe, are you all right? - Are you there? - Here, there, everywhere. What? If you were the only Girl in the world And I were the only boy... Wake up, my sweet. - Anton, what's going on? - It's okay. - Where am I? - You've been reincarnated. Reborn. To me. I'm not who you think I am. I'm a different me, a me from another lifetime where we've evolved into sisters. Good sisters, happy sisters. Must've cut off too much blood to her brain. - Must have. - Screw this. In this time and in this place Take the spirit I displace Bring me forth while she goes back To a soul so black Here you go, Ms. Larson, try taking a sip. Thank you, my dear. The nurse will be right in. Is she okay? Yeah, I'll be fine, thanks for asking. You're not getting any sympathy out of me. You should never have let Phoebe cast that spell. Ms. Larson, can I get you anything else? - Some Jell-O would be nice. - Some Jell-O. Okay, I'll see what I can do. Will you excuse me for a second? I don't think she has any idea what happened. Well, that makes two of us. Do we really believe that Anton knew all along that Phoebe was gonna come here looking for Christina? Well, Christina is the only living link. It was his only hope. Who cares how he knew. We need to get our Phoebe back, and fast. The problem is she's the only one who can say the spell. And also, with evil Phoebe wearing the amulet, she's protected from it. We've gotta get the amulet off of her. But only long enough for Phoebe to switch lives. She has to be wearing the amulet in the present to protect her from the past-life curse. Okay, so bottom line: Get evil Phoebe, get the amulet. Any questions? Okay, good. Let's hurry. - Hurry where? - Back to the manor. If Anton and evil Phoebe reunited, then I have a feeling they're gonna wanna pick up right where they left off: Trying to kill us. In this time and in this place There you are. You are too good to be true. Thanks for reminding me. Got her. Maybe they're not here. Oh, they're here. Somewhere. Didn't I tell you they'd come? Hello, cousins. Or is it sisters now? The amulet's protecting both of them. It's your turn to die this time. We have to figure out a way to get that amulet off of her. Yeah, great. Any idea how? In this time and in this place - Hi. How's it going? - Behind you. - Sorry, Pheebs. - Get the amulet. She goes back to her soul so black Piper? Prue? Okay, it's her. Put it back on, fast. - It's okay. - You're safe. Thank you, guys, for saving my life. All of them. So I hope that you're not still upset with me, you know, for not telling you about our past lives together. I'm not letting you off the hook for that just yet. I'm still not quite sure what it even means. Well, I like to think it means we're destined to be together. Saved by the bell. Or not. - Leo. What are you doing here? - Leo was just leaving. - Bye. - Okay, I'll see you at work. Dan. You know, I'm gonna come right out and say this, even if you get mad at me, but I know in my gut that something's not right with him. He worries me, I mean, just for you. - Are you talking about Leo? - If Leo is his real name. I had my brother-in-law who works for the State Department check on his Army records, but the only Leo Wyatt they came up with died almost 60 years ago in World War II. Well, there must be some kind of mistake. Piper, there is no record of him anywhere, nothing. It's almost as if he didn't have any past at all. I'm sorry, I just... Just... Just do me a favour and watch your back when you're around him, okay? At least until I find out who he really is. - Okay. - Well, I gotta go. Goodbye. Hey. You all right? Yeah, I think so. I'm just writing a little warning in the Book about Anton. Why, you don't think we actually vanquished him? I don't wanna take any chances. I just hope my future me is somewhere near this book if he ever strikes again. Something tells me that we're always gonna be near it, always have been, always will be. Yeah, you're probably right. Of course, the warning won't do much good if the future me turns out to be bad. It's not just you, you know, I mean... ...we all have a little bad in us. It's just that when you turn bad, things tend to catch on fire. And this is supposed to be making me feel better? What I mean is, is that it's just as natural to be bad as it is to be good. That's how we know what good is. That's how we're able to make the choice to be good. Remember, Anton wouldn't have needed evil past Phoebe if you hadn't evolved into good Phoebe. Still, it's okay to be bad