we are going to make it home. Ths ship came here for a reason! Destiny is powered by the stars themselves. He and Young are bumping heads. Not sure which camp is the better choice. We pretend nothing happened. We need to be ready for the next encounter... For the sake of the crew. For the sake of the crew. You dreamt you were the spy who leaked everything to the Lucian alliance? It wasn't me. I was Colonel Telford. The Goa'uld had brainwashing technology. It is possible that the alliance now has that capability. On Earth, you are on your own. You must be using the ancient communication stones. - What? - Telford wouldn't make that mistake. We know that you are a traitor and a murderer. Now we know you're a coward too. You've found another Icarus planet. We're all very excited to have Dr. Rush's full cooperation. Kill me and you kill Rush! Begin venting the atmosphere in Colonel Telford's quarters. Open this damn door! We both know you're not going to kill me. Mr. Brody, this is Wray. You need to restore the atmosphere... Please disregard that request. By letting this happen, you are participating in not only the murder of Colonel Telford,</i> but Dr. Rush as well. Sir, you've made your point. I'm not trying to make a point. Open the door. - I know what I'm doing. - You're killing him! I know that, Lieutenant. What should we do? The Colonel's bluffing. He's not going to kill him. What's happening to him? You've killed him. - You're all in danger. - What? They're coming. Who's coming? The Lucian alliance. They're coming to take Destiny. Projet-SG (1.00) We've been informed that this ship faces an incursion</i> by armed forces of the Lucian alliance.</i> The group responsible for the attack on Icarus base.</i> All military personnel on board have been placed on high alert.</i> If the enemy has acquired the means to dial Destiny, their point of ingress will be the Stargate.</i> We're clear. So the gateroom is off-limits. All surrounding corridors have been placed in lockdown.</i> No one may enter without proper authorization.</i> I've provided homeworld security with intel on the planet from which the Lucian alliance</i> intends to launch their assault. They're dispatching forces as I speak.</i> The best-case scenario, Earth forces take the launch point intact and we gain a supply line from home. The worst-case scenario, our forces don't make it before the attack is launched, in which case we'll have to deal with them on our end. In that event, all non-military personnel will be ordered back to your quarters, where you will remain until the situation has been resolved. Make no mistake... this will be dealt with swiftly and decisively. Thank you. That is all. A couple of hours ago, Colonel Telford admitted to being a mole for the Lucian alliance. And now, suddenly, he's on our side? - You trust him? - I didn't say that. - What in the hell was that? - "What in the hell was that, sir?" - All you had to do was tell me. - I was keeping you out of it. You didn't have to. If I'd known killing him and bringing him back was the only way to beat that brainwash, I'd have been behind you 100%. So you'll follow orders as long as I explain everything beforehand? No, sir, that is not... That's great, because if it was, we'd have a problem, Lieutenant. Do we have a problem? Good. It's not the time for that. No headaches or blurred vision? I told you, I'm fine. Rush is fine. I'll find out about me when I switch back. Look, I really need to go, and... Can you give us a minute? How are you feeling, David? - Confused. - I bet. You went the whole nine yards. To the brink and back. I had to. In my defense, it wasn't the first thing I tried. Yeah. Thanks for that. At least the brainwashing explains why you've been such an ass. I've read the SG mission reports of that method being done in the past. I just never... You have no idea what it's like to remember things that you've done... Terrible things. You weren't yourself, David. You've got to send me back. - Not yet. - I've done all that I can here... I already killed you once... I'm more useful to you in my own body with them. You know that. How else will you get Rush back? - Listen... - Get him out of there. You've just come back from the dead. I want you to get your strength back. Excuse us. Listen, when they come, I want you here, safe. Safe? There could be wounded. We're going to need you. - What we'll need is a real doctor. - You're up for this. Not even close. What are you planning to do? Evacuate the atmosphere in the gateroom the minute they step through. Kill them all, you mean. You think I have a choice? If you're asking for forgiveness, I can't help you there either. I'll do my best. You're back. That was me. I had to see whether you were faking. Well, I wasn't. I apologize. Back to work. I know. Planetary scans. It looks like the intel is good. The planet's laced with naquadria deposits.</i> We detect an energy signature emanating from what looks like a pyramid.</i> Pyramid? That takes me back. The complex inside is shielded against beaming technology. So Rush can't be beamed out. We'll have to go in with ground forces.</i> All right, Colonel. You have a go. What was that? We're under attack. - Can we dial the ninth chevron? - Not without blowing everything up. Dial it. Get ready! We're going now! The Lucian alliance is an organization of humans</i> from sovereign planets who have taken control of the resources and technology...</i> The air force video? I'm just seeing if there's anything that might help. What's he going to do? The Colonel? They're sending an army. What do you think he's going to do? This is it. It's happening now? Go. Radio back when you reach the other side. And take him with you. I see them, Eli. All personnel, report to your designated areas. This is not a drill. Defense teams stand by. - Which button? - This one. How long will it take till we reach vacuum? A minute or so? That's about right. Defense teams stand by to secure prisoners on my order. Copy that. Monitor from here, stay on the radio. Got it. What happened? No, no, it's me. The ship... - The Lucian Alliance... - We know everything. Telford told us. So what are we doing about it? Let's just say it'll all be over in a few minutes. Come on. I'm reading a huge energy spike. At this rate, they've got less than a minute before their core goes up. Get our people out of the shielded areas And beam them back to the ship, now! The core is going to go critical. I can't stop it. Still no signal from the other side? Get as many of our people through as you can. Colonel, we still have two 302s on their way back from the planet. We can't wait. Get us out of here. Aren't we supposed to go to our quarters? These are my quarters. And I'm not going anywhere. They brought Rush along with them. We're going to have to use the hard way. - What did you do to the Gate? - It wasn't me. You killed over a hundred of my men! Massin, your father's name was my password. Gate travel must have severed the link. Lucian Alliance forces, you are surrounded and sealed in.</i> You will also find the intel provided by Colonel Telford</i> is now useless. Lay down your weapons in front of the doors.</i> Step back into the center of the room with your hands on your heads,</i> Or we will vent the entire compartment to space.</i> Can they do it? Then they should have. Colonel, they're up to something. Talk to me. They've got something to open the doors! Vent the atmosphere in the Gateroom. - Do it now. - It's too late. Take cover! Get back! Go! Fall back! - Rush, you should stay here. - No, no. The ship's under attack! It's time to go. - Just wait. - Let's go. Now! There's an elevator this way. Oh, God... Go! Wait! You're welcome. Want to get the hell out of there? You've been shot. Sorry, sorry. See, it's okay. You'll be okay. You'll be fine. You'll be fine. I'll be right back. Okay? Over here. Colonel Young? Who is this? Commander Kiva of the Lucian Alliance forces.</i> We will not be complying with your request to surrender. We barely made hyperspace. This time it was even closer.</i> What about casualties? Two of my 302s couldn't make it back, and if Rush was still on the planet... I'm sorry, Sam. Did any of them make it to Destiny? I haven't heard. So much for that. Why didn't you evacuate the compartment to space? - That was the plan. - He didn't do it to save you. Not me. The connection was severed the minute I stepped through the gate. Give me the lay of the land. This is the Gateroom. They've also occupied the surrounding corridors. They had advanced further, but they pulled back. Just took what they could hold with limited manpower. That's smart. Once they retreated, I locked down the area behind them. Given the technology at their disposal, it won't stop them, but it should give us some space. The prisoners are being held here. Between them and us, 30 feet of corridor either way. Tthe second we hit the outside sections, those hostages are as good as dead. I've done a head count. We have 12 missing and presumed captured, including Riley, TJ, Eli, and Chloe. Come on! What happened? You were shot. I stopped the bleeding. You're fine. Look up here. Look at me. Look at me. Where are we? I don't know. I've never been to this part of the ship before. No-one has. I just pressed some random buttons. We can't get back. I'm guessing someone locked out elevator access. Us or them? That's the problem. I just need to get to a window. Get an idea where we are. And then we can walk back. I've got you. Come on. Come here. Ready? Here we go. One, two, three. Lean on me. I've got you. Ready? Here you go. Colonel Young? Go ahead. Here's how I see the situation. We have the Gateroom and some of your people. You hold the control interface room, which I'm told, is the ship's nerve center. What do you want? We came here for the same reasons you did. We don't want to hurt anyone. You're welcome to stay aboard Destiny</i> and help us realize the potential of her discovery.</i> Lay down your weapons and join us. Or, if you prefer, we can drop you off at the next inhabitable world. Or I vent the atmosphere in the sections you're occupying and keep the ship. If you had that in you, you would have done it already. The point is I have the ability to end this conversation right now. She wanted to see you. - Wouldn't shut up, in fact. - As you were, Sergeant. We are way past the point of fighting our way out of this situation. We need to negotiate with these people. - And I think I should be the one to... - No, I think you're right. Him. Him. And her. That's a mistake. It's a demonstration. All it will do is force their hand. Do you want control of the ship or not? They have some of our people. But we have some of theirs. So the first thing we need to do is suggest an exchange. Do you think they'll do it? No. But I think it's worth a shot. This is the control interface room. This is the Gateroom. If we cut our way through the wall here, we can flank them. - I can lead a team... - That will reduce our numbers here. We take the control interface room, there's no need. The ship will be ours. - These sections are in red. - That section is exposed to space. The ship's shield will hold long enough for us to pass. We will slowly vent atmosphere to space, yes, but we could seal the corridor again after we've taken the ship. Take six men. - I'll need twice that... - Six. And if anything goes wrong... These three die. Not her. She's a medic. We can use her in the event... Who is this? My name is Camile Wray. I am the civilian authority aboard this ship. I'd like to act as an intermediary to resolve this issue without further bloodshed.</i> Colonel Young will not transfer control</i> of this ship to you. And you will? But I will expedite a prisoner exchange. Your people for ours. If I release my prisoners, Colonel Young will not hesitate to vent this compartment. You have 12 of our people. We have only four of yours. I propose an even trade, Four for four. You maintain your advantage and gain some much-needed manpower. Colonel Young agrees with this? In our society, the military takes orders from civilian leadership. I'll consider it. Nice job. That should buy us some time. Look, you're trying to save lives here. Obviously that's a good thing. But even if she agrees to the four, which is doubtful, she won't go any farther. Once the equation tips to the point of acceptable losses... No acceptable losses... Colonel Young has already determined what that number is. He knows the chances of us winning without loss of life are practically nil. So limit our losses, yes, all that we can. But you'll have to do something. - You don't know that. - I'm one of your acceptable losses... - You knew what you were getting into... - You should have got me out! You have no clue! Stop this now, please! I am going to save every one of those hostages, and I'm going to retake this ship. Do you understand me? Telford has convinced her that he is still with them, otherwise he would be dead. Sooner or later he will make his move. We are to gamble... this ship and all of our lives in the hope that some traitor has had a change of heart. Look at that. I guess those elevators go more than just up and down. Right there. You good? I must have hit a few buttons I wasn't supposed to press. Is the air getting thin? Life support isn't working out here. How do you know? I was the one who shut it off. Rush's orders. There's air. There isn't any new air being pumped in. We need to keep moving. I don't know if I can. No problem. I got you. This is my Lieutenant, Varro. Save him. He's badly wounded. At even the slightest hint of trouble. I'll bring you back, sir. I need to speak to General O'Neill. Second-guessing a decision is a waste of time. I'm not there. But I'm starting to wonder if maybe I should be. I can't speak to that, sir. This should be done, Colonel. Over. At the time, I believed that venting the gateroom would kill both Dr. Rush and Colonel Telford. They deserved a chance... We lost two 302 pilots sent to stop the attack. Sorry. Colonel Carter knew she'd lose her ship if she tried to save them. But it was the right decision. Are you up for this, Everett? Because somebody will take your place if you're not. I'm not going to let anybody take that ship. Then get your ass back there. We're good. What are you doing? Just checking to make sure we're headed in the right direction. This way. There's no countdown. What? We dropped out of FTL because someone was gating in. Why haven't we jumped back? Someone just activated a console in one of the access corridors. A console just came on using Telford's code. There's a cordoned-off section coming our way.</i> That's his move. - It's cold. - Really? What do you find?* We have to be careful moving through sections. There's a reason we've never beenthis far. A ton of compartments are de-pressurized. Hang on. Ready? More dark and gloomy. We're good. Gotcha. - How are you doing? - Good. You sure? Stand by. We're good to go. Ready. Just give the word, sir. - It's locked down. - I'll handle it. Okay, get ready. What was that? Ready. What happened? You didn't do that? What is that? Just a minute ago it was a man. You need to stand down till we figure this out. This is Young. Everybody stand down.</i> Throw me a radio. Radio? Three clicks, go to channel six. We're going to have to try this again. - Let's stop. - I'm fine. - Eli, you don't... - Seriously. This is nothing. Once, I climbed the Redridge Mountains on my way to Stonard with a full pack. Where? The World of Warcraft. That must've given you quite the sense of accomplishment. A little break. What do you think is happening? We've probably won by now. You think so? If we won, then why haven't we been rescued? First, they'll figure out what to do with the prisoners. And then there's that whole post-victory celebration, Streamers everywhere. I'm so tired. You're still losing blood. I wasn't able to stop it completely. I'm going to take care of you. It wasn't them. I don't know what happened to our man. But it's not them. They aren't able to do that to a person. Are you telling me they had nothing to do with this? What happened? Overload in the relays proceeded by temporary disruption of all shipboard systems, lights to life support. How they did that? They didn't. - What caused it? - That's what I'm trying to figure out. - They're making their move. - It wouldn't be that obvious. Would you care to tell me what's going on?</i> We don't know. One of my men is dead. You need to know that we had nothing to do with that. Yes, so I'm told. I'm going to ask for a show of good faith. What do you want? How are you? I'm fine. We're all fine. What is it that they want? Some of their people are injured badly.</i> I'm going to need medical supplies to help them. What's the point? A goodwill gesture doesn't have to accomplish anything. Of course it does! So they lack medical supplies. Who knows what else they might lack? Water? They'll get desperate, make their move, then they'll be dealing with the hostages. There's only one way this is going to end if we wait. How do you know? We don't even know what's going on with the ship! All the more reason to act now.