of years ago. Where the hell are we? Several billion light years from home. We're on a ship, but we have no idea where we are in relation to Earth. This ship could be the most important discovery mankind has made since the Stargate itself. These are the wrong people in the wrong place. We've got a lot of wounded. We need to get home. We barely have enough power to operate the main systems. This ship simply doesn't have the capability to dial Earth. In this case are five ancient communication stones. You physically take control of an individual at the other end. - Where are you? - <i>It's top secret.</i> - Wait, did you get the letter from... - <i>Yeah, the air force, I got it.</i> - You sound like you're in airplane. - It's the thing I always dreamed of. Dad, no, wait! The ship is old and damaged. We were losing air, and somebody had to... He's dead, isn't he? - I didn't choose my job over you. - Wasn't just about the job. - I want to get back here with you. - You made your choice. You are so beautiful. Don't. I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you. Sorry, sir, they're waiting. Sorry. We're late. - You're late. - It's my fault. - Thanks for joining us, Colonel. - Sorry, I wasn't expecting a party. We may have figured out a way to get you home. Surprise. Projet SG (1.00) Now, the power flow issues are obviously the biggest variable, but our simulations are encouraging. It's time to take it to the next level. Any questions? Sounds dangerous. The IOA fully supports the implementation of this plan. I've seen it for myself, the situation on board is dire and justifies the risk. I'm not gonna pretend to understand everything you guys are talking about, but it sounds like there's a chance that this plan could end badly. You want to get those people home? So do we. I'm just saying maybe they could do a little more calculating. The fact is, we are at the stage where a practical attempt is the way - to get any more hard data. - The goal is to save lives. - We don't want to put the ship at risk. - All we're asking is that you try. It is something I would have to take up with everyone on board. My office. If it makes you feel any better, Colonel Carter saved my ass dozens of times using all kinds of wacky science I didn't understand. I can't force people to do something they don't want to do. You're in command of that ship. It's not a democracy. - I'm sorry, it's not that simple. - Yes. Yes, it is. A United States Senator is dead. His daughter and dozens of other people are trapped a billion light years away from home. The President wants it done. Sir, with all due respect... You are being given a direct order, Colonel. Regardless of the consequences to my standing, I'm going to take the situation under advisement. I will let you know my decision tomorrow. Are you sure you don't want anything? I'm fine. Thank you. Must be nice to get out, imagine. It is. Everyone's very impressed with how you're holding up, - under the circumstances. - I'm doing my best. You're our eyes and ears now. Your life, certainly the lives of everyone aboard, is priority, but you have to understand, there's a lot at stake here. You passed me up for promotion four times. I never really got a straight answer as to why. You are... a highly trusted, well-respected member of this organization. You would not have been on Icarus in the first place if you weren't. The point is, I know there's no way in hell you'd be talking to me right now if you had a choice. So, please, can we just cut to the chase? Make this happen. I'm not a scientist. How can I do that? You have influence. The people on board need to believe - it'll get them home. - Even if, it can get us all killed. - Not what I've been told. - Why are you pushing so hard? If it works, we think we might be able to use the data to re-engineer the process in one of our ships here in this galaxy. Dial a gate to Destiny without an Icarus-type planet. And get the team that was supposed to go in the first place back on board. Now that we know where the ninth chevron leads, - the mission has taken more importance. - Why isn't Rush here? We're not convinced Rush wants to come home. And do I have to remind you how much you have to gain, personally, in all of this? Assuming I live. The ship doesn't have enough power to dial back to Earth, and as we've seen recently, when the ship runs out of juice, it finds a star and refills its tanks. Now, theoretically, at that time, the full power of the star should be available to us. Star power. Ultimate wattage, baby. It's brilliant. If we can somehow use the ship as a conduit and channel the star's energy into the gate as we dial. That would do it. Problem is the "ship as a conduit" part. Does anyone know when the ship will run out of power again? Tough to tell. Based on current usage, probably going to be several months. Not if we can drain the power faster. Right, that's part of the plan that sounded a little vague. - It's possible. - So you are all for this? Let's see what Rush says. Given how little we know about this ship... Can't we at least try it and aboard if something goes wrong? Well, unfortunately, the "something goes wrong" part would most likely mean the ship exploding. Not according to the people who came up with the idea. If only all science was that definitive, Colonel. You'll have to choose who you want to believe. Nothing to worry about. It doesn't hurt at all. Do I look worried? A little. Trying to figure out what I'm gonna say to my mom. For my family I'm on sabbatical in Africa. When it's time to come back, what do I do? Click my heels 3 times? No way for you to disconnect the transmission yourself. The base needs to be manually shut down. There's a device on the other side, turning off will sever the connection. - Cool. - Easiest way to swap consciousness with someone across the universe I've ever seen. What's with the kino? First time using the stones. Very exciting. Any chance I could get something else to wear? Check me out. This is weird. The people we're in can't hear us? Wonder what they're doing with our bodies. - Colonel Telford. - I'll just get right to it. I've been ordered to enact the rescue plan put forward by the IOA. - Rescue plan? - I don't understand. I've brought doctors McCormack and Williams with me. I believe you know them. I've set them to work. What about Colonel Young? Effective immediately, I'm assuming command of the <i>Destiny</i>. - You replaced me. - For now. - Without waiting my answer? - You were going to say... - Give us more time. - You were gonna be disobeying a order. I offered you command of the expedition. You were my first choice, but you turned it down. Your exact words, as I recall, were, "I don't think it's still in me, sir." I'm there now, whether I like it or not, whether anyone likes it. This is wrong, and you know it. I've spent my career looking up to you, because you always did the right thing even if it meant disregarding the chain of command... Don't think I like this. - They can't do this to us, can they? - For now, they have. I think it comes down to the fact that they don't trust Rush. The truth is, I can't blame them. - What are we supposed to do? - They've given you permission to see your families as long as you guys follow the rules. I hate to go there, but what happens if they screw up and the ship explodes? Most likely, we will die here too. Apparently, they're just doing some preliminary testing, information-gathering, nothing too crazy. What you're saying is, live it up while we can. Colonel Telford, I presume. He can use the facilities. That's it. And what if the power flow can't be controlled? If there are any dangerous fluctuations, we just shut it down and allow the ship to continue powering up. Early tests show it should work. We are not gonna put you in any more danger than you're already here. From what I gather, supplies are desperately short. Given the condition of the ship, it could experience a fatal breakdown. No one is trying to alarm you unduly, but we can't continue to scrape by, barely surviving. Obviously, we can't say for sure that this is going to get you home, but the best minds that we have are working on this, and I'm sure you'll agree. It's well worth pursuing. It is spectacular, isn't it? If the plan has any chance at succeeding... Which it doesn't. Control over most of the ship's operational systems is limited, at best. Navigation, propulsion, and many others have been locked out entirely by a master code which we have had no luck in breaking. You might wanna know we've come up with a way of draining the power. Yes, so I heard. Many of the power conduits have been badly damaged, and firing the ship's weapon system without either repairing them or isolating the damaged areas would be prohibitively dangerous. That's what we're working on right now. Just wanted to keep you informed. She's not gonna understand. She can barely follow an episode of Star Trek. You don't have to tell her. Can I help you? My name is... Phillip. - I work with your son. - You know Eli? We've recently become very close. It doesn't feel real. It's like a... bad dream. You're here. If this is the only way, I can live with that. I can't stay this way forever, mom. I know. Everyone's working very hard to get you home. I'm trying to get through this. I am. Your father always used to say... One step at a time. I miss him so much. Me too. Awesome, thanks. Eli drinks four or five of those a day. Actually, he quit. Really? I find that hard to believe. He's on a bit of a crash diet. You may not recognize him next time you see him. - When will that be, do you know? - I'm sorry, I'm not sure. Really getting into shape, though. Can I get you something to eat? Eli said you make the most amazing chocolate chip cookies. - He told you that? - Yeah. It's crazy how close you get in such a short time. Sometimes it's like he's just right up there in my brain. Why don't I make some? You can take them back with you. He also said you make a mean schnitzel, - but I don't want to put you out. - No, I'm happy to do it. You know, I thought he'd be calling more often. Here, let me help you. Tell me... This... work you're doing. I know you can't tell me much about it. I can tell you that it's important. In fact, it could change the world as we know it. Really? My Eli? Not that I'm surprised, don't get me wrong. He's my son. Of course I think he's special, but he was always so bright, so different, but he just... He never seemed to apply himself. Some of it was my fault. No... He doesn't blame you at all, for anything. I'm sorry if this is personal, but he told me you're not well. Did he? Lucky guess. Eggs are in the fridge, right? I didn't think he ever talked to anyone about it. He asked me the Air Force was making good on their promise to help you. To be honest, the whole thing makes me a little anxious. I really just want to know Eli's okay. He is. You make sure you tell him I'm proud of him. I will. I'm sorry. It's just, it all happened so suddenly, and I... I miss him. He misses you too. That's it for me. I'm almost done over here. You're stalling. I'm doing things the way they need to be done. Now, we've isolated power to 40 % of the operational weapons system, and it should be enough to get us a read on our power reduction capability. - The next time we drop out of FTL... - Look, this ship... is old and damaged. The computers aren't registering half the things they're supposed to. I want manual confirmation before activating any system that comprehensive. Over 80% of this ship is inaccessible without spacesuits right now. With only two suits, doing it your way could take months. If that's what it takes. - Dr. Rush, we're ready here. - <i>Okay, sending power through.</i> Looks like a coolant leak. - I thought you got it. - So did I. There's a problem. Power's backing up in the relay. - Shut it down. - I'm trying. It's not working. The problem is contained. It's restricted to that corridor. - That's not the point. - How big an explosion are we talking? I'm going in. I can seal it. - Are you crazy? You can't go in there! - We're on the hull! We are in FTL! If it punctures the hull, disrupts the shield at all, even for a microsecond, then the entire ship could be in jeopardy. It's... It's gonna be touch and go. We're proceeding with the test next time we drop out of FTL. Colonel, the man nearly died. You're put him in jeopardy. I was trying to make sure you didn't kill us all. I'm not going to. I accept responsibility for what happened, but you forced the situation, and activating the weapons system the way you're proposing is completely reckless. Come on, these people are in danger just being here, evidenced by what just happened. This ship is falling apart. They're the wrong people. We need to get them home. - There's a right way of doing that. - We are doing it the right way. That's a matter of opinion. Look, I know that we've had our differences in the past. You wanted me off the team. I remember. It was my duty to express concern for how everyone else felt about you. So are you suggesting that my judgment is now somehow clouded, or is it that I'm just plain lying? Admit it, Rush, after everything that's happened, you're afraid they're not gonna let you come back. Hello? Hey, it's me. How's it going? Okay. - How'd your mom take it? - Couldn't do it. I told her I was a co-worker. I told my friends I'm cousin Liz from out west. I may have oversold the job. I said I was gonna change everything for mankind as we know it. What the hell? Might as well make her feel like I left for a good reason.</i> You did. Right. I guess so. So, some of my old friends are taking "cousin Liz" out on the town to see Janelle Monae.</i> - You want to come hang out with us? - Yes. Emily, it's me. No. Emily! - Emily, please just open the door. - Go away! I'm not leaving. - I'm not gonna leave you. - I will call the police. Please, it doesn't end like this! Open the door! I just want to talk to you! I need you to just listen to me, okay? Because I know this is crazy. I'm barely keeping it together, and the only thing that's keeping me from going out of my mind is you. That's making me crazy too, because I know how much I hurt you, and I know that you hate me for leaving. Emily, I really tried. I didn't want to come here. I tried not to come here, but I can't stand it! Baby, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, and I love you so much. I had to try, right? Just in case there was a chance. A chance that you could forgive me... Maybe you're just afraid thinking that I would die out there, so it's easier to push me away now than have to face me like this. I just want to come home... To you, and that's all I want. - Me? - What's your name? Phil. Can I buy you a drink? I have one. Yes, you do. Want to dance? Sure. My god, this is awesome! We're going to go dance. You guys want to come? No. So, how long have Celina and Josh been together? I don't know. Too bad about Chloe's dad. What's she gonna do? - What do you mean? - Her job. She was working for him? I don't really think that's on her mind right now. Sure. - Tell her we're sorry. - I will. You know, it sucks for me, the Senator was hooking me up with his wall street connections, and now that's not gonna happen. I think I have to go throw up. So is Chloe really okay? She'll be fine. I wish she'd call me back. I'm sure she misses you. I think she's just having a hard time dealing right now. I really need to talk to her, you know? About the fact that you're sleeping with her boyfriend? - What? - It's pretty obvious you are together. Josh and Chloe broke up. I don't think she would have suspected that you're the real reason why. - I don't know who you... - How could you do this to me? - To you? - You're supposed to be her best friend! Get your hands off of me. Excuse me, Colonel? Can I have a word? One moment. About Sergeant Greer... Scott, it's Young. - What just happened? - We just dropped out of FTL, sir. What's going on? It must have disrupted communication between the stones. Listen to me, we don't have a lot of time. - You've got to... - Colonel Young? Baby... - What just happened? - We just dropped out of FTL. Looks like it might have temporarily disrupted the communication device. We have to fix that. Sir, I think Colonel Young wanted me to shut down the stones. This is no longer his command, is that clear? The device stays on. A glitch? That's one hell of a glitch, General. That's what I'm being told. - They're working on it. - Yes, sir. Just let me know. They said it was some sort of glitch. Apparently. - It won't happen again. - How do they know? I don't know. Right now, I don't care. Did you see that girl I was dancing with? She wrote her email address on my hand! I hate this. I hate everybody. Captain Buzzkill. No more drinks for cousin Liz. You see those two over there? That's my best friend, Celina, and my ex-boyfriend. You can do better. Do you want to dance? I think I want to go over there and punch him in the face. I have an idea. How about we get out of here? Easy... This is awful. I'm not even drunk at all. Really? Because you seem drunk. My head's just all foggy. Almost there... Usually it makes me feel better. At least for a little while. It usually makes me dizzy... And then I fall asleep. Just once... I'd like to go out with a girl and not have it end with her crying. My life was so shallow and pointless, and then I started working with my dad. I really thought that I could do something, make a difference. You can. These aren't even my tears! I'm sorry. If it makes you feel better, I had a really great time tonight. I'm glad. Do you know the last time a girl that hot told me I was cute? Never. Doesn't it bother you she wasn't really talking about you? When you put it like that... I didn't mean that. Come on... You're cute. The real you. What? Nothing. Go on. You were saying... And you're funny, too, and you're a genius. And... - Don't say it. - You're a good friend. Yes... That's me. I am a good friend. I don't want to be trapped on that ship, and I don't want to be stuck here like this. I can't feel anything. Can you? You know what's the worst part about having a father like mine? - How did we get onto that? - You can't live up to it. He was so great. I'll never be like he was. My dad definitely would have punched Josh in the face! I think I'm gonna take you home. Could you take me home? A lot of people are behind this. A lot of people play the lottery. What's surprising is they'd do it with their lives. I know you're opposed. I have serious concerns myself. I'm just wondering how much safer it might be if you were involved. They can't keep me locked up in here forever. You know he will, as long as he can. What you did... He had it coming to him. Look, just shut down the damn stones, man. I'm not you, Ron. - He's our commanding officer. - Colonel Young... is our commanding officer. Telford's got guards posted 24-7. What am I supposed to do? This better work. What are you doing? I'm making sure we still have enough power to control these consoles when approaching the star. Williams says you've come up with a way of improving the odds of success. I don't want to die, Colonel. Good. Hopefully, we've proven that's not our goal. I'm sorry. I couldn't deal with it, the thought of you being trapped on that ship, with her. What do I have to do? And I shouldn't have brought it up again. I know it's over, but you got to understand... No... - What's happening? - We just jumped to FTL. Yes... Everything okay? It will be soon enough. All right, this is ridiculous. Jumping back and forth without any warning is completely unacceptable! Seriously. Routing power flow to the Stargate. Ready to attempt dial-in. Do it. Stand back! Everyone back up! You're gonna overload the capacitors. Bringing power flow down. The limitations are not holding. Because the system wasn't meant to handle this much power. Stay calm! The shield is failing. We need to abort. Shut it down! It's not working. - I thought you said you could stop it! - I know! It won't shut down. Where are you going? Do something. They're gone. Thank you. If I can have everyone's attention, please... I'm sorry to have to tell you that... We will not... be going home, not yet, anyway, but you can all relax and return to your quarters. The ship will not be exploding, at least not today. Normal power levels will be restored soon, right? Yes. Thank you. You staged the whole thing. So all of this was just to get rid of Telford? Had to be done. So you're saying that the ship was never going to explode? No, we would most definitely all be dead had I not put certain limits in place. I also arranged for the alarms and warnings to go off regardless. Bit of theater, always nice. - Their plan was never gonna work. - You could have warned us. You scared the crap out of everybody. I didn't know who was on my side, did I? Colonel Telford removed not only any sense of command, but the two scientists that designed and implemented the program that was causing the crisis. The situation appeared to be irreversible. Fortunately, Dr. Rush was able to avoid catastrophic disaster. How he did that, along with the data collected during the experiment. Those were people's lives you were experimenting with. - We were trying to get them home. - You cut and ran. There was no point in three more lives being lost if it could be avoided. Colonel Telford was following orders. Sir... After much consideration, we have decided to stay in communication with Earth. I hope personal visits for everyone on board - will still be permitted. - That depends, Colonel. - Consider it done. - Thank you, sir. I'm afraid the time that I've allotted for this briefing is now up. General... We are going to have to be tough. Disciplined. The road may be longer than many of us hoped. We will have to sacrifice, compromise, work together without exceptions. I thought you did a good job. People need to know the truth, but they also need hope. I need you to do something for me. - Sure thing. - Go over the data - collected as they tried to dial. - I have already. - There's a lot I don't understand... - You need to learn, as fast as you can, and you talk to whoever you have to. You think Rush is hiding something? That's what I want you to tell me. We are going to survive. We are...</i> going to make it home. Make no mistake,