They stole a couple of designs, they didn't steal your talent. We'll put together a website. We'll sell them ourselves. Clothes over Bros? Oh, my gosh! You made that? It's actually kind of perfect. But it's mine. You came over here to make your own dress? Mayor of Tree Hill, North Carolina, Dan Scott! I believe that's the same brand of booze used to poison me. And wait for it -- this is the good part. That's someone you care about buying it. I need to ask you something. Did you try to kill Dan? That's the last shred of evidence. Maybe this can finally set you free. It's me... Lucas knows. If you are gonna help me with Haley's record, well, you could maybe move in to the house with me? It's a business arrangement. Stay with me tonight. Oh, I was hoping you would say that. H.L. Mencken wrote, "Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats." Great, we're 0 and 2. What the hell are you doing out there? Me? Why don't you try passing the ball sometime? It's called carrying you! I might as well be out there alone! All right! Let's see who won tonight's pissing contest! Lucas Scott, 16 points. Nathan Scott, 22 points. Combined assists -- two! I guess we skipped the part about sharing the ball. Basketball is a team game, and there's no "I" in "team"! I assume you morons can spell. S-U-C-K. What's that spell? Ravens. Okay, I know you're new at this, but the cheeriness stops when we lose. Hey, I'm sorry we lost, but Nathan's gonna need consoling. And you're the consolation prize? Oh, I like the way you think, roommate. Good, because, um, I've got dibs on the bedroom tonight. Are you issuing a pre-emptive scrunchy? Anything for love. Thank you. You're the best. See you guys later. I think you're rubbing off on her. Why? Is being desperately horny contagious? Guess I'll just have to sleep with Lucas. Oh, you mean, sleep at Lucas'. Unfortunately, that's exactly what I mean. No sex till our hearts catch up with our hormones, but there are other things we can do. Oh, really? Under Karen's roof? Being in love sucks. The worst part about losing is seeing you afterwards. So then stop losing. By the way, I think I isolated your problem. It's your ex-wife. For your information, she's still my wife. You leave her out of this. I would, but I ran into her in your bed the other day. I know you usually pull C's in history, so I'm gonna give you a little help here. It has a way of repeating itself. What's that supposed to mean? You want to bounce a basketball or a baby on your knee? Haley gets pregnant. You stick around. How convenient for her. It didn't work for Karen, did it? It worked for your mom. Whatever, dad. Haley would never do that. I hope you're right. But you gotta ask yourself -- how far is she willing to go? Haley. Wow, look at you. You're absolutely glowing. - Okay, hi. - Hey. Sorry you lost. You  looked good, though. Yeah, thanks. Listen, I want to know if maybe you wanted to come over, and I could cook dinner and maybe... breakfast. I'd love to. So, what if I start sleepwalking and my pajamas accidentally fall off and I end up in your bed? Well, as long as you're there in the morning... "when the sun rises on my heart." Lucas Scott, that is so unfair! You are not allowed to quote from my letters! - Hi! - Hey. Hey, you. - Oh, my God. - Hey. 0 and 2 -- can't you do anything right without me? - Keith. - Hey, nephew. It is so great to have you back. Is Jules with you? Uh, no. Good. I never liked her, by the way. I'm, uh... I'm gonna crash on my couch, give you two some catch-up time. It's so good to see you. You too. You, on the other hand, I never want to see again. Bye. I guess that makes you 0 and 3, huh? Yeah. Okay, so what's the story with Brooke? You're back together, and she says she never wants to see you again? Yeah, we're back together. But she wrote letters over the summer, and I've been reading one a day and kind of teasing her. Love letters. Well, that's one step up from tattoos. Look, um... I know you were upset with me when you left. I  should have told you about Jules. Yeah, you should have. But... you know, that's a tough one. "Keith, your lunatic brother hired your fiancée to sleep with you and break your heart. Up for a game of horse?" I know, but... Hey, look, Luke, I forgave you a long time ago. You were protecting me. As messed up as it was, you did what you thought was right. So where you been? I mean, why did it take you so long to find Jules? Oh, it didn't. Once I knew her real name, it wasn't that hard. But the woman that I found wasn't Jules. Emily wasn't the person I thought she was. More importantly, she wasn't your mom. It took me longer to deal with that. That why you came back? I came back because Deb told me everything. Pulling Dan out of the fire was a brave thing, Luke. Stupid... but brave. A lot of guys would have never gone in there. Sometimes I wish I hadn't. Who else knows what you did? Well, you, me, and Deb. And Dan -- kind of choked it out of me. No, it's fine. It's okay. And Peyton knows, too. You kept the Jules secret for two months. Nice work. So how's your mom? She'll be happy to see you. Do me a favor -- let me surprise her. You got it. Hey. How was the game? That bad, huh? No, it's just... this is odd, right? Like, I don't know, it's just odd having somebody else here. It's a good odd, though. We got any bands yet? I have calls out to everyone. Nobody wants to be the first to commit. But all it takes is one band. The rest will fall in line. Check this out. Nada Surf is playing in Charlotte tomorrow night. They'd be great for the album, don't you think? Okay,  just try a little bit of that. Mmm... too much mac, not enough cheese. So what were you and Dan talking about after the game? Oh, um, just the usual. Dan trying to control my life. Look how cute she is. Ow! You okay? Let me see. You just grazed it. Let me get you a band-aid. They're in the bathroom. Kiss first. What are you doing? Oh, I was just... looking for band-aids. Well, buddy, you found my birth-control patches. Those fix a whole 'nother problem. Next cabinet. Okay, the bedroom is all yours. I'll be sleeping on the couch all night, praying I don't hear the boring married sex. Oh, my god. "Congratulations, your designs have been selected to appear at this year's 'Rogue Vogue' showcase." Cool. What's "Rogue Vogue"? It's like a competition for emerging fashion designers in New York? "Your designs will be modeled for all the major labels." Shut up. Brooke, that's so awesome. I didn't even know you applied. I didn't. That's why this is so bizarre. Wait a second. Remember, last year, Lucas submitted Peyton's artwork to Thud Magazine? Oh, you're right. This has Lucas written all over it. He is so sweet. Unless he's being a total jerk and quoting my letters to me, which I'm getting back, by the way. I'm gonna google this. But not in the bedroom. Still bleeding here. What took you so long? I couldn't find it. Haley, the other night, when we were together... I mean, we're good with birth control, right? You're still on it? Well, of course, I am, but I wasn't that night. I'm sorry. I know it was stupid, I just, um... Yeah, I gotta go. What? What is this? I can't believe my dad was right. You talked to Dan about this? Nathan -- Nathan, please don't walk out! You do it all the time. That's because it keeps me from saying things you don't want to hear. Good morning, gentlemen! Well, 5:00 a.m. comes awful early, especially when you're 0 and 2. Get on the bus now. Where are we going? To our gym. Coach, you're getting senile. This is our gym. Not anymore. Come  on, load up! Go, go! I hope you boys have had your tetanus shots because you're gonna be spending a lot of time here. What's wrong with the other gym? It's got my name on it. And I'm tired of y'all disgracing it. So it's either find another gym or change my name. And I like my name. You really expect us to practice in this dump? Oh, not only practice. Till further notice, you're gonna play all your games in here. But first, you're gonna clean it up. Here you go... co-captain. Where are my letters? I want them back. Brooke, seeing you like this makes... "the sun go down on my heart." Oh, I hate you. This is not fair. You don't get to tease me. Okay, I'll stop. You know, I missed you last night. Well, I was gonna invite you to spend the night tonight. You know, reward you for doing a little writing of your own. Reward me. But now there's a price of admission. Let me guess -- the letters. Yep. Bring them. Or you'll find out what it's like to be teased. Okay. What? Oh,  and don't worry. I'll clean up. So the guy told me he was 26, but he was really 22. Big secret. You think that's funny, don't you, wearing my clothes? Well, I made it. Besides, it's free advertising. Oh, really, I thought you charged by the hour. Hey. I'm officially confirming my room reservation for tonight. Lucas is coming over for his "thank you" for submitting me to "Rogue Vogue." You do know there are other ways to thank someone, right? Mmm, but none so fun. I hope you guys have more fun than I did last night. Yeah, what caused the naily interruptus anyway? Okay. When Nathan and I slept together, we kind of weren't protected. No wonder he was snooping through the bathroom. Haley, you're usually little Miss Responsible. I am all for the sex part, but I kind of want to slap you for the lack-of-protection part. I know about birth control. My mom sat me down a long time ago and asked me what I was more afraid of getting -- herpes or pregnant. And what did you say? I said, "I haven't even kissed a boy, I'm only 7." Your mom was progressive. You're not... pregnant, right? No, and I'm on the pill now. Okay, so what's really the problem? That's what I said. You told him? Yeah, well, hence the walk-out. What did you expect? There are deal-breakers for 17-year-old boys, even married ones. There's a time to keep your mouth shut and there is a time to lie -- that was lie time. I don't want to lie to my husband. I guess that's in the vows, huh? I wonder if you knew that when you signed up at the ripe old age of, like, 12. The point is, I think Nathan thinks I did this on purpose, like I was trying to trap him into something. Did you? Brooke, no. Look, I'm just saying, if you didn't stop him, then maybe, somewhere, on some level, that's what you wanted. Still got the best cup of coffee in town? Guess not anymore. You shouldn't have come back. Dan still thinks you tried to kill him. Yeah, well, like I told you on the phone, he's wrong. Dan doesn't care about what's right or wrong. He cares about winning. Well, don't worry about that. I'm gonna see Dan, and I'm gonna straighten things out. He may be the mayor -- sorry about that, by the way -- but I'm still his big brother. You know, I thought about you every day I was gone. And you're even prettier than I remembered. What? Too good to clean like everybody else? Yes. What is your problem, anyway? My problem is you and Whitey are both screwing up my shot at playing college ball. What, you think no one else wants to play in college? No, I think I'm the only person who needs to. With my grades, if I don't get a scholarship, I'll end up cleaning gyms for a living. Yeah, right. Well, well, I see my captains are setting another stellar example. Get back to work. Nathan! Well, well... the booze hound returns. Never thought you'd show your face around Tree Hill again. I guess you finally grew a pair. I always had a pair, Danny. Just ask your wife. Hey, did you ever find Jules? I need an address to send her W-2's. I hear you think I tried to kill you. Trust me, if I did... you'd be dead. Oh, I doubt it. In fact, the attempt on my life has all the markings of a Keith Scott operation, starting  with the fact it was a failure. You know, I should have run for this office a long time ago. With its privileges, I get access to things. For instance, the official investigation into the dealership fire. It was ruled an accident. But I know someone gave me a drugged bottle of scotch that night. So it stands to reason, whoever bought the bottle also set the fire. I guess that means you. Man buys booze. Call the FBI. I haven't even started yet. Well, you can't find something that's not there, Danny. Like your heart, for instance. Oh... by the way... you ever touch Lucas again... you'll wish I killed you. What the hell is this? Why doesn't my key to the front door work? Changed the locks. And the alarm code, so don't even think about it. Funny. Almost as funny as a mother who deserts her son. At least your father checks in on you. Mom's better off without you. So am I. Really? Then why aren't you at practice? Whitey kicked us out of the field house. Now we gotta play in that crappy old gym. Don't worry. I'll get my people to figure out some health-code violation. I don't even know why you care. Because you're a high-caliber player, and you deserve the best. You mean like Oak Lake Academy? Yeah, mom told me they made an offer and that you kept it a secret from me. It's nice to see your mother's still using her mouth. There's a reason I didn't tell you about Oak Lake. If you play there, you're a small fish in a big pond, but at Tree Hill, you can shine for the Scouts, and that's been the plan all along. Dad, the plan's not working. There are no Scouts, not with the way we're playing. I can exert some leverage, get the offer back on the table. It's not to late. Dad, that's not the point. The point is it should have been my decision, not yours. You're absolutely right. No one should determine your future but you. Not me, not your mom, not even your wife. By the way, did she put on a little bit of weight? You were wrong about Haley. She's on the pill. Oh, is that what she told you? That sounds like Deb. Well, you know what they say, "we marry our mothers." And trust me. Don't take anything for granted. How's it coming? It's done. You know, uh, Andy could have probably hired a couple guys to do this for you. How is he anyway? Andy? Well, he's handsome, generous, wealthy. Well, three out of three ain't bad. Well, he wasn't the one for me. Traveled halfway around the world and figured out that everything I ever wanted was here all along. You know? Yeah, I do. Well, I should get to the café. See you. When's the last time you gave that car an oil change? I've been very busy. Busy now? So how was Brooke's letter of the day? Angry. Just reminded me of how much I hurt her last time, you know? That's understandable. You know, you want your relationship to move forward, at some point, you gotta let go of the past. Start writing a new future. Wait a second. Are we still talking about Brooke, or you and mom? Go long. So, considering the show's sold out and we don't have tickets, how are we supposed to get in? Oh, relax. Follow my lead. No, Maurice, you're not hearing me. I said room-temp water for Matthew. She's with me. Tell them to make it right, or I'm gonna crack some skulls. Okay, how'd you know he wouldn't stop us? First rule of a rock tour -- nobody knows what anybody else is doing. See that guy down there who's on two cellphones at one time? Yeah, no, I'm with you. That's the band's manager. Go get him. What? I got you in here. The rest is up to you. You can do this. Go. Look, I gotta go. Excuse me, my name's Peyton Sawyer. Um, I book a lot of bands for the club I work for, like, you know, Jimmy Eat World and I've gotten Fall Out Boy, and now I'm putting together this compilation CD -- That sounds cool, but the label doesn't like the band to compete against themselves, you know? Record sales. Okay, but this would actually be really good for the band because all the proceeds are gonna go towards breast-cancer research. And, besides, when have you guys cared about the label anyway, right? Men has a history of following their hearts and their own creative instincts I mean, look at their second album. The label wouldn't release "The Proximity Effect." You guys just put it out yourself, and you were right. It was a great album. Benefit album, huh? All right, I'll talk to the guys. No promises. You may enter. Is Haley home? You mean the Haley that promised to get the hell out of here? Whitey told me to tell you to get your butt back to practice. Tell Whitey I'll be back when it's practice and not spring cleaning. Hey, wha-- Did you think about it? Having a baby to stay together? Nathan, I am 17 years old. We're still in high school. You and I are totally in limbo. No. I don't want a baby. You knew you weren't protected that night. Well, first of all, it takes two, guy without a condom. Second, the only thing I was thinking about that night was being with my husband. The fact you think I was trying to trap you is really insulting. Then why did you go off birth control? Because I was on tour and you weren't with me, and contrary to what you were thinking, I wasn't sleeping with Chris Keller. You know... I just promised myself the next time I have sex that I'd be in love. Well, I guess it's a good thing I'm in love. I never said that. You still should have told me, Haley. Told you what? That when you have sex, there's a risk of pregnancy?! Haley, I know. You should have told me having sex turns you into an ass! Haley, what if something would have happened? That would have changed our lives forever. Like what, marriage? Oh, she's good. I know we're married! I'm talking about basketball, my career. Oh, okay, so let me get this straight -- you're the one with goals and dreams, and the only thing I want, apparently, is you back. I'm not that desperate, Nathan. Sounds ugly. I know. Makes me feel like I'm still living at home with my parents. Without the drinking and the death threats. And if you're so worried about it, then why didn't you stop us that night? It's just as much your responsibility as it is mine. You're right. It is my responsibility. Let me see the pills. I can't believe you still don't believe me. I can't believe it. Here. Take them. I don't need them anymore. Haley. Your future as a basketball player is totally secure. Your future as my husband, not so much. Second door slam. You think they're gone? Unless she's coming back to kill him. I just wanted to have a special night with you to thank you for getting me into "Rogue Vogue." What's "Rogue Vogue"? The fashion show in New York. Hello, I know you sent my application in. Unless you didn't. But if it wasn't you, who else would it be? I wish it was me. It sounds pretty cool. I should know you well enough to do something like that. Well, don't feel bad -- I guess I'm not exactly encyclopedia Luke-tanica. I thought it was you. You know, if you want to get to know each other better, we could always talk about those letters. Or we could cut out my heart and you could stomp on it. Luke, it's embarrassing. You were never meant to read those. Brooke... I love those letters. The girl in them is so open and honest. I don't know why it's so easy for me to get naked one way and not the other. I do. I hurt you pretty bad. I'm not gonna do it again. You're sure? Peyton, you were great back there. Whatever happens, you should be really proud. Your mom would be, too. Thanks. She was great. She's the reason I picked your parents to be your parents. The day you were born, it was 14 hours of labor. You kicked through the whole third trimester, but then you didn't want to come out. You were stubborn even back then. When you finally did, the nurses took you away. That was the policy of adoption. But your mom was there, and she brought you back to me. She wanted us to spend some time together. She was kind. Can I ask you about the cancer? I never had the surgery. I had chemo. It made me really sick, but the cancer went away... for a while. So what are you doing now? I'm spending time with you. Hello? Seriously? No, you -- you won't regret it. No, I promise. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay, bye. - Nada Surf is in. - Whoo! If you're here to get me back in that gym, you can forget about it. Heard your fight with Haley last night. Why don't you stop interfering with things that you know nothing about? You know Brooke and I had a pregnancy scare? Yeah, your future flashes in front of your eyes. Everything you've always planned on changes. And for a second... it puts you in Dan's shoes. The team needs you back, Nate. You know, you and I aren't the only ones with futures riding on this season. But if we get a streak going, if we take a run at state, these guys will feel what it's like to win, and that's something that they will strive for long after high-school basketball is over. Think about it. Thought I told you boys to kill all the cockroaches. Whitey, you're practically begging me to come in and take this team away from you. Well, since you've lost every game you've coached, it would be a perfect match. Go ahead, make jokes. I hope you're laughing when Nathan transfers. Because I made a few calls, and we're out of here. You really think he'd play in a craphole like this? Come on, son. Time to go. For you, maybe. Get out of my craphole, Danny. You know, I should have told you about Jules when I found out. Ah, it wasn't your fault. We shouldn't have secrets. I saw you the day of the fire across the street, didn't I? Why were you here that day? Well, I, uh... I came back to see you. Then I heard that you were on your way to New Zealand to be with Andy, so I did something I hadn't done for a long time. I had a drink. Then I had a few more. Is that why you were buying the liquor? The one that Dan thinks is some kind of evidence? Yeah. After that, everything just... spun out of control. And that's where Dan's half right. I was in a drunken haze, and I did have a broken heart. And I wanted revenge. So all my problems pointed right toward Dan Scott. And so I, uh... decided to kill him. But I didn't do it. What stopped you? Deb. What are you doing? First, I'm gonna kill this bottle of scotch, and then... I'm gonna kill my brother. I can't let you do this, Keith. You're better than this. It's the only way. He'll never stop, Deb. This is not your war. You know, Nathan's next, Deb. Nathan's next. She, uh... she came back later that night. Wake up... wake up! Dan's in the hospital. He's been burned. What are you talking about? Like you said, it was the only way. Deb, what did you do? It wasn't your war, Keith, it was mine. I drugged him. I set the dealership on fire. But somehow, he got out. He's alive. Did Dan see you? Did anyone see you? No, I don't think he remembers. Oh, god, what should I do? They'll think it was an accident. Just let it go, Deb. I'll leave town again, and we'll both pretend nothing ever happened. Okay? It was Deb. She did it. You're talking about murder. I can't believe that Deb would do this and that you would help her get away with it. Deb's been in prison -- 17 years with Dan. She's done her time. I don't know what to say. Look, I know this is hard to take. I made a lot of mistakes in my life, but I can honestly say that giving Deb a second chance isn't one of them. Cleans up pretty well. It's still a pit. See how it plays. All right. You want to know how I did that? Luck? It's a dead spot. Forced you into it. Found it when I was sweeping the floor. Just like the old Boston Garn. And the River Court. I know every square inch of that blacktop. It gives me an edge. It didn't last time. Just think about it. We map out this entire court, use it to our advantage... it's like the ultimate sixth man. Peyton, you got these bands to play on the CD? That's incredible. Yeah, well, we still have a few slots to fill. In fact, we're expecting an answer from one musician today. Who's that? Haley James-Scott. What do you say? - I say, "hell, yes." - All right. Hey, mom. Everything okay? Not for you. Skills called looking for you the other night. You could at least do me the courtesy of tightening your alibi before you decide to check in to hotel Brooke. You are almost 18 years old, and I am almost 36 years old. Now, if you do the math, I think it's pretty obvious what my concerns are. Mom, we didn't do that. We're being careful, more careful than you know. It's more than being careful with the chemistry, Lucas. It's about being careful with your heart. Like you are with Keith. I know you're right, mom, and I get it. But... I mean, if you're always looking for reasons not to be with somebody, then you'll always find them. And, I guess, at some point, maybe you should let go and... give your heart what it deserves. I'm sorry. We lost two games, and my dad was making me crazy. You know, I am... really sick of hearing you say that. Here's an idea -- if you don't want to be like Dan, don't. I don't know what hurts worse, Nathan -- that you think I was trying to trick you into having a baby with me or that having one with me is, like, your worst nightmare. It's not like that. I'm just not ready for -- Of course not. Neither am I. I would like to think that, if something happened, you and I could... Fall Out Boy's in. How great is that? You should be bouncing off your artistically angry walls. Aren't you excited? Yeah, I am, but... I want you to be here when the album comes out. I will be here, Peyton. I promise. It was you, wasn't it? The dress I designed. The one you made -- it got me into "Rogue Vogue." Why did you do it? You know the winner's almost guaranteed an offer to design their own line. Yeah, but why would you help me? Because, despite issues of quality control, your clothes are good. But if you're afraid to go -- Oh, no, I'm gonna go. And I'm gonna win. So, thanks, I guess. No, thank you. I'm glad you called. I have something to say. We've known each other a long time, and every time that we have gotten close, I have been stubborn and scared and have found ways to let things get between us. And I... I can't let that happen again. Keith Scott? Yeah? Put your hands behind your head. What the hell is this? You're under arrest for the attempted murder of Dan Scott. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney... Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss