you could maybe move into the house with me. You're even prettier than I remembered. Keith Scott? Put your hands behind your head. You're under arrest for the attempted murder of Dan Scott. The arrest was a favor. Without anything solid, I can't hold him. 2,798 miles -- that's how far apart our dream schools are. If I tell you not to go to Stanford, I'm telling you not to follow your dreams. If I tell you to go, I'm saying I don't want to be with you. I need your help. She's using you. How? I know if she's being nice to you, it is for a reason, and not a good one. I have cancer. I want you to be here when the album comes out. I will be here, Peyton. It's okay that you're into Peyton. I found the things in your closet. I hurt you pretty bad. I'm not gonna do it again. It's crazy outside. You got a towel? Do you have my next letter? Linen closet. Well, I hope I don't disappoint you. I know I set the bar pretty high with the first two. Shh, I'm reading here. Oh, Lucas. Naughty. Is it okay? Whoa, hold that thought. You better not have finished all the hot chocolate. What's going on? It's time. The record's done. I've got to go. It's late, Ellie. There's a storm, you know? Where are you rushing off to? There's just some things that I can't do here. So this is goodbye? For now. Hello? Hello? You braved the storm for me? I braved the storm for you and "Say anything." Your parents don't mind you having a boy in your room? Under three boys is fine. Under three beers, too, although, I break those rules from time to time. Want one? No, thanks, I don't really drink... much. Suit yourself. Yeah. Thanks. What are you doing? Sorry. I... I just want to be able to prove I was really here, you know, like in your bedroom. You're so cute. Come on. Let's make it a good one. This is so bad. Yeah, I never should've let Lucas and Haley build that golf course on the rooftop. Oh, speaking of, I got ahold of Lucas. He's having dinner at Brooke's, so I told him to stay put until the worst of the storm passes, even if it's not until morning. You told Lucas to spend the night with Brooke? You're, like, every teenage boy's dream mom. It's not like that. Oh, yes, it is. Single guy, single girl, lots of history. Nothing's gonna happen. We'll see about that. Haley, what are you doing here? Aren't the roads all closed? It's like martial law or something. I know, but I had to talk to you. I decided to go to Duke. Okay, why don't you come inside? Okay, so I've been doing some research. Duke has an amazing basketball program. I mean, their coach -- this guy, coach Krez-a-zewski -- he's like a legend. Coach Krzyzewski? Ksha-- yeah. What? People call him coach K. So should you. You should have this opportunity. Duke's  a really great school, and I think I could be really happy there, especially if I was with you. Well, you can't go to Duke, Hales, and I don't want you to. You don't want me to? Right. Right. What was I thinking? Because you told me that you loved me after the game and, silly me, I thought that feeling would last for longer than, I don't know, one night. But then again, I forgot. You're the guy who loves to rip the rug out just when I feel like we're getting some sort of stable ground. Haley -- You freak out after we have sex for the first time in god knows how long. And by the way, I know exactly how long it was. And frankly, I'm still pissed about that birth-control thing. What? Haley, you can't go to Duke because I'm going to Stanford. Good sign or bad, do you think? Mouth... did you just try to kiss me? Sort of. Wow. Ballsy. So, is that why they call you Mouth? No, but you're the one who invited me over to watch a movie... in your bedroom, and then you offer me a beer and turn out the lights. It's a blackout, Mouth. Oh. Sorry. Oh, don't laugh. Don't cry. It's just a blackout. I am not crying. I'm looking for a flashlight. God, this is like the worst nightmare. Where is my Powerpuff Girls night-light when I need it? We should probably call Peyton. I mean, I'm not sure if Ellie's around and if the lights are out everywhere, I'm kind of worried about her being alone. Yeah,  I'm sure you are. Oh. Finally. Ow! What the hell did you hit me for? Because you're an ass. Mr. Mayor, I have contacted the department of power, but it's gonna take at least a couple of hours to fix. And the entire city is dark? Yes, sir. Perfect. Wow, a blackout. It looks like you've got some pull with the woman upstairs. I guess you really don't want me to leave, huh? I told you. Well, assuming the lights don't pop back on in a minute or two, are you in any way prepared to deal with this? Oh, totally. Hold on. My dad got me this for my 13th birthday -- about the time he stopped knowing what a girl would want. I've just been waiting for an excuse to use it. And when was the last time you changed the batteries? When I was 13? Okay, I'll stay. Just this last night. We've got dippin' dots -- no "g" -- snack pack puddin' -- no "g" -- and my personal favorite, Cap'n Crunch -- no "t." Basically foods missing consonants. I used to love snarfing down Cap'n Crunch, watching saturday-morning cartoons when I was a kid. What was that, like a year ago? How could I be so young and feel so old? It's like I never thought that I would have this many big questions on my plate by now. Maybe this blackout is a sign. That we need to deal with everything -- the future and all the decisions we have to make. Do we have to? No, but until the lights come back on, it's just you, me, and the darkness, Hales. That sounds kind of nice. Keith. Wow. I've got to get the name of your decorator. I'm so sorry, Rachel. I mean, about kissing you. I just -- I thought maybe you'd invited me over here to... well, I'm just sorry. Stop apologizing, Mouth. Sure. Sorry. Just take a breath. I  don't really have a lot of experience when it comes to girls and bedrooms. Or girls at all, really. What about Erica Marsh? Exactly. Look how well that turned out. Okay. You have got to be more confident, Mouth, more sure of yourself. Like, um... "yeah, I tried to kiss you. What are you gonna do about it?" Really? And not so nice. You tell a girl she's nothing, she'll come running. You've got to pick out a little flaw and then blow it out of proportion. I don't know. Come on, come on. Give it a shot. Lay it on me. Say something really mean. Well, your neck looks... kind of... long. But pretty. Really pretty. I don't want to be mean to you, Rachel, or any girl. It's stupid. Are you calling me stupid? No, I just think that -- 'Cause if you are, you are getting sexier by the minute. Well? Well, I'd start a fire, but all the wood's soaked. I'd turn the flashlight on, but it's broke 'cause you lost your mind and clobbered me with it. I mean, what got into you anyway? What got into me? Yeah. I'm sorry your dinner got ruined. Right, the dinner I was making for you with my stupid apron and my stupid pie. Okay, I'll start a fire. I just have to find something else to burn. Great, why don't you start with this? You want me to burn my letter? You really are clueless, aren't you? I put a lot of heart into that. Okay, read it. Just skip to the last line. Go ahead. What's wrong with the last line? "You're my forever." That sounds pretty damn good to me. Yeah, it sounds great. It sounded even better when I read it the first time last spring in another letter you wrote -- to Peyton! Brooke, stop! This is ridiculous! Ridiculous?! I found that letter in your sad box of Peyton whatever in your closet! "Dear Peyton, blah, blah, blah. You're my forever. Love, Lucas." I don't even remember writing that. Well, you did! Looks like forever just got a lot shorter! Brooke, hey, I'm sorry! It was a mistake! Which time -- when you wrote it to me or Peyton?! No, you were the one snooping through my closet. So not the point! Look, I know you feel vulnerable about what you wrote. That  is not why I'm upset right now! And FYI, I am not your recycling bin! No, you're psychotic! Ah, this is a great album. It's good to know that kids still listen to Led Zeppelin. Well, this kid does. "10 years gone." It's one of the saddest songs ever. Yeah, but in like an awesome way. What's your saddest song ever? "Celebration," Kool and the Gang. "Celebration"? It was playing in the hospital when my mom died. I'm sorry, Peyton. No, it's... Anyway, happiest song would be "Happy Birthday." I'm partial to any song that ends with cake. What about you? "Here comes a regular" -- The Replacements. Huh. Not exactly an up-tempo number. Yeah, but there's a great story behind it. Right before graduation, I went with some friends to this big outdoor music festival in Winston-Salem. It was in the middle of a field called the Meadow. Night comes. And this terrible thunderstorm rolls in -- thunder, lightning. None of the bands could play. 30,000 people, mud up to our knees, waiting it out, praying for the storm to break. But  it never did. The power's lost... so nothing but the sound of rain. Then out of the blackness, Paul Westerberg steps to center stage with an acoustic guitar and plays "Here comes a regular." 30,000 people fall silent to hear that one acoustic guitar and the one voice that accompanied it. It was transcendent, standing there in the darkness, listening to that song with my best friends. I think that was the moment in my life when I felt most alive. That's amazing. I would kill to have seen Westerberg in his prime. Well, he finished in typical fashion. The song ended -- he smiled, threw up, and then fell off the stage. What? Yes, I had a second bowl. I was hungry. It's not that. I was just remembering. Remembering what? Your hair. You wore it that way the first day you tutored me. You remember how I wore my hair the first day I tutored you? Of course. What else do you remember? I remember the ugly-ass poncho that you wore. Oh, my God, yes, you've made your feelings for that particular item of clothing very clear. Come on. Tell me really. Well... let's see, these jeans? You wore them the day we fell asleep in the park together. And these shoes? You wore these the day we got stuck at the DMV for five hours while we waited for your new license with my last name on it. What about my shirt? You wore that shirt one morning when you sat in the living room and you were playing that Beatles song on your guitar. The sun just framed your face so perfectly. "Blackbird." That was the name of the Beatles song I played. I remember more than you think. I can't believe I didn't notice this. This is the first dollar I ever earned in this café. Now it's ruined. Well, it's just a dollar. Don't you remember who gave it to me? Of course I do. I bought the first cup of coffee the morning you opened. I had Lucas on one hip, a tray on the other. My parents thought I was crazy, as did the rest of the town. Except for you. I'll never forget what you said. "Anyone who thinks this is more than you can handle is less than the kind of person you need in your life." I can't believe you remembered that. Oh, please, I stayed up all the night before, trying to figure out what I was gonna say. How about a kiss instead of a coffee? Keith! Keith! Keith! Keith! Shh! It's just a storm, Danny. It'll pass over soon. I'm scared. Here. Hold on to this. This way I'll always be with you. It'll keep you safe. I promise. Now go to sleep. Brooke, I'm sorry I said that. You're not psychotic, a little disturbed, maybe. You think this is funny? No, what I think is I think you're trying to sabotage us. Find any reason you can, so you can end it, so that you don't have to worry about getting hurt again. But the same words, Lucas -- the exact same words? I never sent that letter to Peyton. And I never sent my letters to you, either, but they still meant something. Just tell me, why me this time? Why not Peyton? I can't say anything bad about Peyton. She's my friend. She's your best friend. That's okay. You can say bad things about her. Oh, Brooke. The truth is I care about Peyton. Then what is the difference? The difference? The difference is I love you, Brooke. I want to be with you, not Peyton. But why? I need to know why. Because you kink your eyebrow when you're trying to be cute. Because you quote Camus even though I've never actually seen you read. Because  you miss your parents, but you'll never admit that. And because I've given exactly two of these embarrassing speeches in my entire life and they've both been with you. And that's got to mean something, right? And because we're both gonna get pneumonia. But if you need to hear why I love you, I can go on all night. You did pretty good. Hey, Rachel, can I ask you a question? I get all that stuff about being confident, but I'm still trying to figure out why you invited me over here in the first place. I thought we were gonna watch a movie. Well, I know, but our friendship. Why me? Are you kidding me? You are more honest and comfortable about who you are than most of the other guys in school. Is it that? Or is it because you thought it would make Brooke jealous? No offense, Mouth, but I don't need you to make Brooke jealous. Great. I don't even get that. There was something kind of cool about feeling like the pawn between two hot girls. Look, let me help you, give you the benefit of my expertise, and teach you how to become one of the guys the elite girls drool over. By being mean to them. Sometimes. But I'm not that guy, Rachel, and I don't want to be. So maybe the elite girls just aren't for me. But one of these days, I'm gonna meet a girl who really loves me. Maybe she won't be what you'll call hot, but I'll think she's beautiful, and I'll tell her so. I won't be mean to her because I won't have to play games with her. I'll just be the guy that she can always count on and that'll be enough. And she'll be elite to me. Are you okay? Not really. What are we doing? You've been here three weeks, Ellie, and all we've talked about is music and the CD and business. But it's not just a business arrangement, is it? Of course not. I need you to talk to me about your cancer. It's okay. No. No, it's not okay. How can you just act like nothing's wrong? Aren't you afraid? Because I'm afraid for you. Don't be afraid, Peyton. Every song has a coda, a final movement. Whether it fades out or crashes away, every song ends. Is that any reason not to enjoy the music? It doesn't mean I can't want it to not end. Look at you. You've had more life-changing events in the first 17 years of your life than I'd wish on anyone. You got the surviving part down. I want you to focus more on the living. Sometimes surviving is about all the living I can handle. I don't buy that for one second. And if you keep this up, hiding in your art and your sadness, you're really gonna miss out. Because the truth is there is nothing to be afraid of. It's just life. Come on. Come on. Where are we going? We are going into life. I really like that you're telling me all these stories about how much you remember. It's kind of scary, though. Now I have to be, like, supercute 24-7 if it's gonna be embedded in your memory for all of eternity. But I have to say I kind of feel like we're cheating. We're not even really talking about all the big issues. I was this close to getting away with it, wasn't I? I don't want to ruin our evening. I just don't want to miss an opportunity to actually work things out. How do you know a fun night together isn't exactly what we need to work things out? Or maybe a few fun nights all in a row. No trouble in between. - Yeah, um -- - I know. It's not your nature. It's not really, and I'm sorry. I can't help it. I have so many questions. Okay. Why did you call Chris? I told you. I asked Chris to come back and help you with your music because you love it. It's a huge part of who you are. I know, but, Nathan -- Chris? There were a million people you could've called. Why open that door again? Look, I called Chris because I screwed up and I wanted to try and fix it. Going to High Flyers made me realize how wrong I was to make you choose between me and the tour. I mean, what is this -- the 1950s? It didn't have to be either/or. But it was, wasn't it? Because I didn't ask you to come with me. Nathan... when I look back on the tour, I'm not proud of it 'cause I know that you weren't proud of me. Is that what you think -- that I wasn't proud of you? Let me show you something. It's in my car. Nathan, it's crazy out there. Nathan, what are you doing? I was hurt, Haley, but I was still proud of you. Every day. Wait, wait. It's all getting ruined. No, you don't need all that stuff. You've got me. This is crazy! This is alive. You really surprised me, Mouth. That speech was pretty impressive. I was just being honest. The last part would've worked better as an exit line, but I watched Hurricane Coverage on CNN to know you're supposed to stay put until you get the all-clear. Then I guess we're stuck with each other, and I'm pretty much all talked out. You got anything else to say? Not really. Well, we could kiss. Stop. I'm serious. It would pass the time. What do you say? We could do that. But I'm not going to. Good. You're learning. Play hard to get. No, it's not that. It's just... it's easier in the dark. But pretty soon the lights are gonna come back on and we'll go back to being who we really are, right? I mean, kissing might be, I don't know, whatever to you, but to me, it'll mean something, and I'll wake up tomorrow wanting to do it again... and again and pretty much all the time. Somehow, I don't think you'll feel the same. On the day that changes, on the day you wake up and have to call me... then I'll kiss you. I guess that's my cue. Mouth, wait -- It's cool. I'll see you later. Uh, you know, that lemon meringue was tomorrow's featured dessert. Well, not anymore. I love you, Keith. Gotcha. So, if you catch a cold, you can tell your father it's all on me. It'd be worth it. Tonight was amazing. Thank you. You okay? Yeah. Yeah. This is nice. Yeah. Yeah, it is. You know, um, I was thinking about the stuff you said about living life and jumping at opportunity, not being afraid. Yeah? And there was this guy. There is this guy I loved, and I let him go, and now I'm starting to think that was a big mistake. But it's too late. No, it's never too late, Peyton. That's one thing I learned from meeting you. I'm so sorry I missed those 17 years, but I wouldn't give back these three weeks for the world. Yeah, me, either. The Peyton that I've come to know deserves to get whatever she wants. She deserves to be happy as an artist, as a friend... as a daughter. As my daughter. I heard that. Stop it. What? Whatever you're worried about, just stop. How do you know I'm worried? You didn't even open your eyes. You think I need to see you with my eyes to know what's going on with you? What's on your mind? I was just... wondering if maybe I should go home. Why would you do that? Because I don't want to wake up and have you not be here again. I'll be here. I'm not going anywhere. Come here. Every great song ends sometime, right? Call me when you get the CD. I'll come see you. We can listen to it together. Sure. You know, I came back here to make sure you had a good life. And you made sure I had a great one. I don't want you to go. Oh, sweetie, those words are gonna break my heart. We will see each other again someday. I promise. Nathan -- Haley, I told you the tour was a really big part of your life. You deserve to have something to remember it by... besides all the bad memories. Thank you. What are we gonna do about college? We'll apply to both, and we'll just wait and see. Hey, you. I haven't seen you in a couple days. I know. It's been crazy. How have you been? I just want to make sure everything's cool, you know, after what happened at my house. Listen, girls are always trying to kiss me -- sometimes cheerleaders, mostly models. It happens. It's no big deal. I don't blame you. In fact, I got an hour to kill later on, so if you want... Stop it. You know, I've been thinking about what you said about being mean to girls, and I want you to know those sweatpants really make your butt look big. Mouth! I'm sorry. I thought I'd give it a shot, but who am I kidding? Your butt looks great. I mean, not that I noticed. Sorry. Hey, rule number one -- never apologize. I thought we talked about that. You're right. Sorry. Ellie? Hey, I got the CDs. They look awesome. Ellie? This is kind of personal. Do you mind? Oh, um, of course. My apologies. Just let me know when you're finished, Mr. Mayor. Say hi to my mom... mom. Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss