I was gonna propose to you. If you tell Whitey I have a heart condition, I'm off the team. Yeah, and if I don't tell Whitey about your heart condition, you're off the planet. If you weren't trying to see through her shirt, you would see through her B.S. She's using you. Marry me, Haley. Marry me again in front of all our friends and our family. Pete from Fall Out Boy, you showed. Didn't anything think I was gonna show? Sorry. This cabinet's off limits. What's in there? It's just private. I should go sleep on the couch. Yeah, you should. But you're not going to. Brooke Davis, are you threatening me? Let's just say payback's a bitch. George Eliot once wrote, "There is no despair so absolute as that which comes with the first moments of our first great sorrow, when we have not yet known what it is to have suffered and be healed, to have despaired and recovered hope." Black jerseys for Keith. First game back. You ready for this? I think so. Yeah. The whole team's there for you, man. I got your back out there tonight. I can't play tonight. Dustin, you're in. Coach, we're in this together. That's what you taught us, right? I'm afraid that's a forfeit, Ref. Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like the Ravens are going to forfeit the game. You guys didn't have to forfeit the game. You didn't have to do that for me. Hey, I told you -- I got your back. Thanks. Here's the thing -- um, all these guys -- Luke, they'd walk through fire for you. The question is, are you really gonna make them do that? Look, remember when I didn't want to play in this crappy, old gym? Remember what you said to me? It's not just about us. Yeah. And you were right. I mean, these guys deserve a shot at state, and Whitey -- it's his last year, so... Look, I'm gonna do everything I can to help you get through this, but we can't forfeit the season, Luke. I know. Rachel, what's wrong? What? Who is it? Someone I used to know, someone who's gone now, like Jimmy Edwards. Brooke did this. What are you doing to Rachel, Brooke? You know what? After what happened in here tonight with Lucas, I have more on my mind than your skank-fatuation, Mouth. It's not fair. She's done nothing to you. Are you kidding? How about trying to steal my cheerleading squad or entering me in Rogue Vogue so she could screw me over or her midnight round of strip basketball with my boyfriend or humiliating me in front of all of my friends last weekend? Stop me anytime, 'cause I can go on and on. The picture -- Rachel said it was someone she knew. Yeah, fine. Maybe you should read the back of it. The flyers -- where else are they? Hmm, well, there's a couple at school, a few at Tric, Karen's Café, numerous convenience stores around town. - It's my turn to have fun with her. - Brooke! Didn't you learn anything from Jimmy's death? You know, now that we're living here, we should probably try unpacking at some point. Yeah, well, uh, we've been a little busy... doing this. So much better than moving in. I  can't wait to renew my vows with you. Me too. I want that second chance, Haley. I want to give you that wedding you always dreamed of. I already had a dream wedding. No, but you told me how you saw it... in the church gardens, where your parents got married, all the bridesmaids and groomsmen, flowers everywhere. I want that for you. Okay, I guess unpacking can wait. What is that? Do you want me to call 911? No, no, shh. Just wait there, okay? So, how much for the wall? I'm guessing it's less without the creepy clown? Uncle Cooper, what are you doing here, man? It's 1:00 a.m. I'm starving. Nathan? Who wants breakfast? It's okay. - What's going on? - Come on. Hello? Hi, Pete. God, you're like the hardest guy on the planet to get ahold of. But I'm glad you called, even if it is -- what, 1:00 a.m.? Nice. Yeah. So, I didn't freak you out with all my voice mails? Well, yeah, I miss you, too. I don't know. I mean, this is crazy, right? I can't even get you on the phone unless it's the middle of the night. Okay. Well, then, why don't you tell me how this is supposed to work? Right, oh. Okay, you're outside my window. You are not outside my window. Oh, my god. Um, all right, well, just come to the front door. I'll be down in just a second. And be quiet. O kay. Oh, god. I  can't believe you sent him away! A guy shows up at 1:00 a.m. in a limo, tattooed from head to toe, looking for my daughter? You're lucky all I did was send him away. Daddy, that was Pete from Fall Out Boy. Yeah, well, now he's Pete from Get Out of Town Boy. I think it's time that we went over the ground rules for this house. By the way, where is Brooke? Sleepwalking? Yeah, nice try. Grab some bed. Look, you guys, let's get a few things straight here. No boys in this bedroom ever, 9:00 curfew on weekdays, midnight on weekends. If you are out after 10:00, I need a phone call because I need to know where you are. My cellphone will do very nicely, thank you. No parties without parental supervision, no alcohol. Do I need to go over the ground rules for sex? - No! - No! Good, okay. So, now, tell me about Pete from Fall Out Shelter. Fall Out Boy. Daddy, lead songwriter of the number-three band on billboard charts. Grammy-nominated. Multiplatinum album seller. And very cute. Very. Well, that's all great, but you're telling me about Pete from Fall Out Boy. What I really want to know about is Pete the boy. There's a difference. I mean, where'd he grow up? What kind of family is he from? Does he hold doors open for you? Does he say, "God bless you," when you sneeze? Because, Peyton, I don't care how many albums the guy has sold. All I care about is how he's going to treat you. So, let's just agree that when Pete visits this house, it will be strictly between business hours. Got it? Good, and while we're at it -- Brooke, now that you are living here, let's just assume that you're going to find a new hot-dad fantasy, all right? Thank you very much. Good night, ladies. Good night. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. So, it's Haley, right? I always wanted to meet the girl who made my nephew crash a perfectly good racecar. I always wanted to meet the uncle who let Nathan crash a racecar. She's tough, Nate. I like her. You know, your mom's back in town. Yeah, she called, actually. Unlike you, she had the decency not to storm our apartment at 1:00 in the morning. Hey, give me a break. I was hungry, all right? Oh, by the way, I met this smoking-hot girl. She's 26. She's a model -- you know, my type. She's home from New York. She's house-sitting for her parents. I'm telling you -- god loves me. Are you staying for a while? Absolutely. If you saw this girl, Nate, you'd know why, too. Sorry. This does look really good. Well, it helps if you're a little buzzed. So, Nate, listen -- I'm sorry about Keith. How's Lucas taking it? Not good. He walked off the court tonight. We had to forfeit the game. Well, you know what? He'll -- he'll be okay. Eat up. It's gonna get cold. Karen? Hi. I'm so sorry I didn't make it back for Keith's funeral. I came as soon as I could. How are you holding up? The important thing is to get you back on your feet. I'm just here to tell you that I want to help you any way I can. You've done enough, Deb. What do you mean? Keith told me that you tried to kill Dan. It was a terrible mistake. Not a day goes by that I don't regret it, Karen. My son ran into a burning building to fix your mistake. I could have lost him the way I lost Keith. I'm so sorry that happened. I had no idea that he was there. Thank God Lucas is okay. He's not okay, Deb! None of us are okay. And as far as I'm concerned, the only difference between you and Jimmy Edwards... is that he was successful. Rachel? Um, speak softly, Mouth. I'm a little hung over. I believe this belongs to you. It's you. That girl is gone. She used to be you. No, I used to be her, but I hated myself, so I had some surgery. Like what? I had my stomach stapled and starved myself for months and then rewarded myself with a nose job, fake breasts, and a couple other things. So what? I just -- I can't believe it. Why? If I was born like this, no one would have a problem with it. And I work hard to take care of the new me. I like the new me. Do you, Rachel? 'Cause other than me, I don't see you letting too many people into your life. Don't judge me, Mouth. You didn't know the old me. I have self-esteem now that I've never had before. And that's great, but isn't it more about what kind of person you are -- you know, what's on the inside? As far as I can tell, that's a bunch of crap. Come on, tell me something, Mouth. If you could snap your fingers and look like Lucas, would you? I mean, sure, you would. And don't say you wouldn't, because you'd be lying. I think if I could snap my fingers and get something, it wouldn't be about how I look. But let's say you're right. Should everyone who doesn't like the way they look have surgery? No, of course not. But I mean, if they do, and it makes them feel good about themselves, are you gonna hold that against them? Look, Mouth, the choices I made were extreme. The surgeries were expensive and painful. They came with serious risks. But now Brooke's gonna out me, and everyone's gonna look at me like I'm some kind of Frankenstein. You don't know that. I don't feel that way. Really? I can look at your face and tell that you already see me differently. This is who I am now. This girl's dead. I thought this game was more exciting. Coop, I heard you were in town. How you doing? I knew I'd find you here. Whenever I do my big thinking, I mostly find myself in an empty racetrack. I think the silence clears my head. Me too. So, when's the circus start back up, huh? For the drivers, three weeks. For me, it doesn't. I blew my ride. What happened? Well, for one thing, I let my nephew crash a racecar into the wall, and then things got a little dark from there. Sorry. Y eah. You know, when they told me I couldn't drive, I thought my life was over. Racing was all that I had, you know? It was who I was. Then the next day, the sun came up, the world kept turning, and I was gonna be okay, you know? It took me awhile, but I finally realized that even if I never get to race again, I know I can be happy. Nathan told me about the game, man. I'll get it back. I hope you do. But if for some reason you don't, it'll be okay. It's not what you do in life that matters, Luke. It's about who you are. I'm so glad you're happy. I am happy. It is everything that I dreamed it would be. I'm just so happy to be renewing my vows with you. Thank you for this. It's so beautiful. There is one catch. What? Well, the church will only allow us to have the wedding on their grounds if  we agree to take their premarital counseling class, even though technically we're postmarital. Okay, what is that? We have to take a test to  see if we're compatible... and then, I guess, get some tips on how to not pull each other's hair out. It sounds like the basics. Okay. Well, how hard can one test be? I am tutor girl, after all. Besides, I'll do anything I have to to marry you again. Hey, Pete, I was hoping you'd call. Actually, it's not. It's Bill, the tour manager. Is this Peyton? Yeah. Hey, Peyton. Sorry. I'm using Pete's phone. I think we met at Tric. Oh, right, yeah. Hi. Hey. Well, listen, Pete wanted to call you himself, but the band's really crazed. But he really wants to see you, so he's going to leave you a plane ticket at the airport. A -- a plane ticket? To Chicago, this weekend. Wow, I mean, that's -- that's really, really nice. Thank you, but my dad -- I mean, he'll freak out if I tell him I'm flying to Chicago. Yeah, Pete said you'd say that. But he said to tell you that you'd really be doing him a favor. Because the band thinks you're a Snuffleupagus. Anyway, if you need anything else, just call me directly. Otherwise, we'll have a car waiting at the airport. Okay, thank you. And can you just tell Pete that I said... ...that I miss him. You gonna let an old man stand out here in the cold, or are you gonna ask me in? Suit yourself. Karen, I know what you're going through. I lost the love of my life, too. You had Camilla for a lifetime. I had Keith for a few weeks. Whose fault was that? Whew! Well, I'm glad to see you're still in there. Now, you listen to me. I said that because I know the guilt that you're carrying around, and you're wrong to feel it. Feeling guilty is not going to bring Keith back. Don't I have a right to feel bad? Did you know Lucas was so broken-up he couldn't play the last game? No, I didn't think so. Look, Karen... you gave Keith the thing that he loved most in all the world -- Lucas. He was never happier than when he was talking about you and that boy. You gave him a son for a lifetime, and you let him matter to Lucas. I know how that feels. Karen, you couldn't have given him much more. Let the guilt fall away. Let it go. This test will determine whether you're really suited for each other. I know you're both married. This is just a requirement, okay? Come on. It'll be fun. That's the last of them. Thanks. When we were together during the blackout, I loved talking to you. And it didn't matter that I couldn't see you because that night it wasn't about your looks. It was about your heart, your sense of humor, the way you saw the world. I felt like I really knew you. I actually hated it when those lights came back on. Now these flyers change everything, right? I mean, now you don't really know me. No, now I'm sure I know you. 'Cause when I saw those flyers, I realized we were more alike than I knew. And for a moment, it was like being back there in the dark again, just the two of us. I don't see anything ugly in that picture, Rachel. Thank you. But trust me -- a lot of people did, especially me. Well, I guess I just want to know if you ever really let go of that, the person you used to be. I mean, when you walk down these halls, do you still feel self-conscious? Do you hope to be accepted? Do you worry about fitting in? 'Cause I figure the old you probably worried about those things. Yes, Mouth, I still feel that way. There's not a surgery to fix that yet. You know, you're really beautiful now, Rachel. But I just want you to know... I could have loved the girl in that picture. I wish she could have met you. Coach. Basketball has always been... a huge part of who I am, and I've been thinking a lot about it. But unless somebody can tell me why this game matters right now... ...I don't think I can play. You know, every time we take this court, we come in under that old, faded banner up there. It says, "Home of the Monarchs." Anybody know who the Monarchs were? The Monarchs were the best basketball team in the state back in the '50s. Yeah, some people say they were. They were never in the record books because the Monarchs were an all-black team. Back in those days, when I was your age... blacks and whites weren't allowed to play this game together. I was on the best team in the state, but we all knew there was another one -- the Monarchs. One night, both teams snuck in here, locked the door, and squared off. They were good. Oh, they were damn good. We played four games. They got their shots. We got ours. And then something magical happened... something that none of us could have anticipated, something that had never happened in this state before. We decided to mix the teams. Their captain and our captain started picking players. As it turned out, I was next to the last one picked. Their captain looked me in the eye and said, "I'll take Whitey," and it stuck. That's how I got my nickname. Well, that night changed all our lives. We were no longer black players or white players. We were just players, and we shut out the world and played together. We played a game that we loved, and that night, that game changed everything. I haven't been the same since. You want me to tell you that this game matters? I promise you, son -- it does matter. Let the game heal you, Lucas. Come back to us, son. Brooke, are you awake? Honey, how could I possibly be sleeping with you thinking so loudly? What's the matter, Peyton? Pete. He wants me to fly to Chicago tomorrow night. He left me a ticket. Um, then why are we still talking about this? If you don't get on that plane, we are no longer friends. Brooke, I can't do this again. Why is it that every guy that I like always has to leave? It's not fair. Then you have no choice. You have to go. Why? Hmm, let's see. Because he's cute, and he's a rock star. And you love music. And he's nice to you. And if you go, you'll have a great time, and maybe you'll fall in love. And if you don't, you're gonna look back on this in 20 years and wonder, "what if?" I already have my what-ifs. Well, maybe this time you can have something more. I'm sorry. I don't quite know how to tell you this, but you failed. You're kidding. I'm sorry, no. According to the test, you two of you are highly incompatible. I've never actually failed a test before. Father, can I ask you a question? When you decided you wanted to be a priest, how did you know it was the right thing to do? I had a devout belief in God. Can you prove that to us? With some sort of a test, I mean. Of course not. Just like you can't prove love with a test. I mean, this is just a score on a sheet of paper. Sure, Haley and I have our differences, but this test doesn't show how hard we've worked to keep this relationship together or that I can't stand it when we're apart or that every time I look at her I know that I'm gonna be with her for the rest of my life. We love each other, Father. No test is gonna show that. Let me see that test. Thanks for passing the real test. I'm sure you'll have a wonderful ceremony. Thank you. - Congratulations. - Thank you. Hey, Lucas. Hey. Aw, Deb, it's so good to see you. Are you sure you can handle all this? Karen's my partner. God knows she's picked up the slack for me a time or two. It's the least I could do. Oh, but to be honest, it'll be a full-blown miracle if the register balances. Thanks for helping my mom out. It means a lot. So, how is it being back... with Dan and all? Well, Cooper is staying with me. It feels safe to have family around, and so far Dan is keeping his distance, so I'll be okay. You know, when Nathan wrecked that car, I didn't speak to Cooper for months. I mean, I knew it wasn't really his fault, but somehow I blamed anyway. Losing your child is every mother's biggest fear. Nothing even comes close. For your mom to get better, she's really gonna have to lean on you, Lucas. So, whatever you do, just make sure to take care of yourself. You have to... for your mother's sake. You're gonna be set up here. You're gonna have to start out pressing these guys hard. Steven and Daniel surround the opposite there. Coach, you got a second? Oh, yeah, sit down. You need to hear this, too, Nate. I can't play tonight. I have a heart condition. I have HCM, and I haven't been taking my medication so that I wouldn't slow down my game. And if I play... ...I could die. I know how selfish I've been. I just didn't want to leave the game behind. Because the game did change my life... just like yours. And it's... ...gonna be hard to let it go. The game can only change you if you have a life to change, right? I know how hard this conversation must be for you, Lucas. No. The next conversation I have is gonna be the hard one. Nice picture. When are you gonna get over Jabba the slut so we can go back to being friends? You know, Brooke, you got Rachel all wrong. She's not a bad person, and what you're doing to her is cruel. But I'm not. You know me, Mouth, and as scrumptious as it sounds, I could never go through with operation fat Rachel. I'm just playing around. Well, that's good, Brooke. You better get used to Rachel being around. She's a great person, and deep down she has a big heart. I like her... a lot. Look, I know she says she's into you. Just please be careful. You know a leopard doesn't change its spots. Actually, she did change her spots. I just hope her heart's the same. Hey. I hope I didn't completely freak out Fall Out Boy. Have you heard from him? Maybe. Oh, a woman of mystery. Must have gotten that from your mother. You didn't get it from me. You know I trust you, right? Yeah. Good. Just promise me one thing. Promise me that when you pick the boy you're really gonna be with that he'll be someone who respects you and treats you well... and that he's someone who makes your heart race and that he's someone who you love because of what he is, not what he does. Because that's how I felt about your mother, and that's how I want you to feel one day. Use your head... and follow your heart. 46 points? That's like really good, isn't it? It's not bad. Well, you were amazing. Thank you. Where was Luke tonight? Lucas has a heart condition, Hales. Um, don't be mad at me. I kind of already knew about his HCM. He made me promise not to tell anybody. Sorry. Isn't he taking his medication? No. Great. So he lied to me. Well, I think he lied to everyone, including himself. Is he gonna be okay? Yeah. We're all gonna make sure he's okay, promise. Thank you for being such an amazing guy. And thank you for having the right answer with that priest the other day. God, I thought we weren't going to get our big wedding. You know, we don't still have to do that if you don't want to. No, I really want to. I've just been trying to think of a way to make the day really memorable, and I had an idea. You ready? - Yeah. - Okay. What if we don't have sex until we get married again? Do you still love me? What, are you kidding? Uh... yeah, okay. But does that mean that I can't still kiss you like this? No. Or like this? Okay, maybe we'll just start on the no-sex thing tomorrow night. You know, that's fine. Mom? I know that you're hurting now more than ever, and I don't want to make that worse. But I need to tell you something. I lied to you about my heart condition. I have HCM. I need you. I need you now more than ever. Mouth. What are you doing here? You said that you wished the girl in that picture had met me. I thought maybe she still might have a -- Hey, babe, what are you doing? Aw, you got flowers. Who are they from? They're, um -- they're from you. I'm gonna need a lot of help. Good, 'cause you're gonna get it. Transcript: Raceman Subtitles: Amariss