Daddy, that was Pete from Fall Out Boy. Marry me again in front of all our friends and our family. When are you gonna get over Jabba the slut so we can go back to being friends? What are you doing to Rachel, Brooke? The picture -- Rachel said it was someone she knew. It's you. This used to be you. Just please be careful. What if we don't have sex until we get married again? Are you kidding? Uncle Cooper, what are you doing here, man? I met this smoking-hot girl. She's 26. She's a model -- you know, my type. Mouth. - I just thought maybe -- - Oh, you got flowers. Who are they from? Just promise me one thing -- when you pick the boy that you're really gonna be with that he'll be someone who respects you. Use your head and follow your heart. Stepping up -- it's a simple concept. It basically means to rise above yourself, to do a little more... to show you something special... something like this. Lucas is gone, but that doesn't mean the season is over. As a matter of fact, I'd say it's just beginning. You might want to stay out of my way for a while. Another ferocious dunk by Nathan Scott, and this crowd is on their feet. Sure you don't want to sleep with me till the ceremony? I know I look pretty sexy right now. Life's funny sometimes, can push pretty hard, like when you fall in love with someone, but they forget to love you back, like when your best friend and your boyfriend leave you alone, like when you pull the trigger or light the flame, and you can't take it back. Like I said, in sports, they call this "stepping up." In life, I call it pushing back. Hey. Hey. Jenny didn't wake you up, did she? No. I mean, not -- not really. So what happened to you last night? Jenny was a little fussy, so we slept on the couch. I didn't get a chance to thank you before I crashed for getting in touch with me after the whole shooting thing. It's a pretty good deal, right? You know, take a bullet, get a call from Jake. I really wish I could have been there for you, Peyton. I know. So, listen -- this is all kind of last-minute, but I actually sort of had plans today. Oh. Yeah, of course you do. I'm sorry, I -- No, it's just that Jenny and I, we usually spend saturday mornings in the park, so I thought maybe you'd like to come. That sounds perfect. Excuse me. You're Haley, right? Yeah. You look good in blue. It suits you. Thanks. You know what else would look good on you? Me. I'm Damien West. I think you're out of your league. Nathan Scott. You two know each other? High Flyers. You still missing your free throws, West? Who cares? They don't show free throws on "sportscenter." You know what else they don't show? Ravens. Hey, I heard you guys lost your shooter, so I guess your season's over, huh? No, I don't think so. Well, unless you win this tournament, you're not making postseason, and you're not gonna win this tournament because we are, and we're undefeated. For now. Let's go, Hales. See ya on the court, Scott. And, Haley, I'll see you in your dreams. Peyton Sawyer. It's so crazy that you're here. I think when my dad told me to follow my heart, he  didn't anticipate me following it all the way down to Savannah for the weekend. How's your life, Jake? Twice a week it's awesome. Those are the days I get Jenny. What? Yeah, it's a long story. Basically -- hey, let's go. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Basically, when Nicki left Tree Hill, she took Jenny here to Savannah to be with her parents. But her parents finally had enough of both of us, so they petitioned the court for custody of Jenny for a year, just long enough for me and Nicki to prove that we can keep our lives together, you know? Like keep a job, stay out of trouble. Want to go on the slide? So, wait -- Nicki's here? Come here, baby. Yeah, she stays with her folks. She gets Jenny most of the time. It took me a while to be okay with that, but I actually think she's really trying. Anyways, basically I can't do anything -- no drinking. They drug test me -- I mean, not that that even matters, but, like, I can't get a parking ticket. I just sleep, work, hope that in a few months I'll get custody of Jenny. Then I can start my life again, you know? What are you doing here, Dan? Just dealing with the past. I heard you were home. I wanted to see you. You look good. You look terrible. Well, I haven't been sleeping very well. Truth is, I've been struggling quite a bit ever since Keith, um... I'm trying here, Deb, okay? I just thought now that you're back and Nathan's moved out, maybe you're lonely in such a big house. She's not. Well, well, it's the racecar-crashing brother. You staying at my house now, Cooper? Actually, I'm staying at my sister's house. And because it is my sister's house, I don't think we'll be seeing much of you around here, unless,  of course, you're invited. You have a problem with me, kid? No,  but you definitely have a problem with me. What the hell is this? Dad, just go home. I could say the same thing to you, Nathan. I heard you moved back in with Hades -- I meant "Haley." Dad, I'm serious. Let's go. Don't be a stranger, Cooper. Dad, come on. Welcome home. Oh, the kid's finally playing well. Try not to almost kill him while you're back. Just go, dad. I'm going. I'm going. Dad, what the hell is wrong with you? Don't you think maybe mom's had enough? It's my house, Nathan. No, it's not. It's not your house, and she's not your wife. Now, damn it, dad, you've got to stop this crap. Or what?! I'm the freakin' mayor of this town, Nathan. I can go wherever the hell I want and do whatever the hell I please. Do you hear me?! Yeah, I hear you. So do the neighbors, Mr. Mayor. This is my house. I worked hard to build it, and if I want, I'll burn the damn thing down and everything in it. He's getting worse, mom. He's never gonna change, my dad. I can totally see him resorting to the same manipulative crap. I'm sorry. I wish I could just take you away from all that. Ever hear from Lucas and Karen? No. Lucas said they were just gonna get on the road and drive. I think they probably just need a break at this point. Plus, Karen doesn't really want him around the tournament when he can't play, you know? Yeah. Thank you. You're welcome. Does that ever hurt? No. The scar stopped hurting when my heart stopped hurting, right around the time you came home. Okay. Where'd you go? Oh, I get it. This is the no-sex thing, right? I totally got you, didn't I? No. I told you I was sexy, Haley. Don't lie. Okay, maybe. You know, that's really not fair. I mean, it's one thing to break my heart, but do you have to look like a beer commercial while you're doing it? I've been calling you. Yeah, I just figured you were busy with old man river. He's not that much older than us. Come on, Rachel. I'm not an idiot. Or actually maybe I am, thinking you were into me. I mean, let's see -- we spent a ton of time together. We flirted, kissed a few times. Mouth, I didn't mean to lead you on. It happened anyway, didn't it? I mean, I said I wasn't gonna fall for you, but I kissed you, and I woke up wanting to do it again. And now here we are. Stop! Oh, I thought witches were supposed to melt. What the hell is wrong with you? What the hell is wrong with me? I'm not the freak with the plastic ass and the tin heart. You're the freak with the fat ass and no heart! You know what, girl formerly know as orca? You led Mouth on and you know it, so maybe it's time you get back in touch with your inner sperm whale and realize you now have fewer friends than you did before. Really? Well, my new friend Lucas just called me. Call you lately? Didn't think so. You know, Rachel, I would punch you in your fake nose right now, but you'd just go out and buy another one. Enough. Just... Never mind. I am gonna make you regret this. So, that building right there -- that's the courthouse. That's where the judge scared the crap out of me and Nicki. Oh, and that alleyway right there? That's where I threw up... Before and after the hearing. - Good work. - Yeah. And that building on the corner there -- that's the Savannah College of Art and Design. Didn't throw up there. I hope not. That place is awesome. That's what I hear. And then every other building in Savannah is either haunted by some crazy ghost or witch or gremlin or something. I don't know. Any by a sarcastic goth angel? What? Nothing. We all have our ghosts, right? Yeah. So, anyway, this drink is like nectar from heaven. You need to try it. Okay. Jake! Come here. You're a mess. I know. I got it. Do you want to get some food with that drink? Yeah. There's a place right around the corner actually that's pretty good. I can't believe you squirted Rachel in the face with her own hose. She's just lucky the golf ball didn't hit her. She probably sucked it out first. Mouth! Nathan's hot uncle Cooper's in town. Oh, my god. How do I look? Like Lucas' girlfriend. Wait a minute. Is that him? Nice, huh? I'd love me some uncle Cooper. Yeah, well, you're gonna hate this. Uncle Cooper is Rachel's new boyfriend. What? No! No, that is not fair! Okay, can I just reiterate my whole broken-heart scenario? But if I had known that he would date a girl in high school, I mean, I would have -- He wouldn't. Mouth, I know Cooper. There is no way he would date a high-school girl. But I'm sure that was him. I'm not saying it wasn't him. I'm saying he doesn't know how old Rachel is... yet. I think it's time Franken-Rachel felt a little of the heartache you're feeling. Hey, Jake, can I ask you a question? Um, look, I know Nicki's around now, and so I was just wondering, are you guys -- No. No. But one of the hardest things for me to accept was that Nicki and I are always gonna have Jenny in common and that Jenny should know who her mother is. I mean, you can understand that, right? - Yeah. - But no, no. Not together. How about you? You seeing anybody? Me? I mean -- not really. I was kind of dating Pete Wentz from Fall Out Boy. Yeah. Well, I've been dating Shakira most nights, but she doesn't really know about it. I'm serious, actually. It sounds weird, but it just kind of happened, so... That sucks. I mean, not that you dated a guy. It's just that... you dated a rock star. Musicians -- they're trouble, you know? Well, we'd love to start playing for y'all, whenever our lead singer decides to stop flirting with those pretty girls. Come  on, man. Second job. I'm telling you -- you got to watch out for those musicians. How you doing tonight? So, I wrote this song for somebody special. It's called "Someday." # It's the biggest storm in years, they say # # Couldn't take a plane so I hopped a train # # 'Cause I like to stay in a stormy winter day # # So I'll come back to you someday # # As the days flow by it's all so clear # # I've been everywhere but never right here # # It's always the same # # Coffee and change # # But I'll come back to you someday # # I'll travel all night just to see your face # # The way you touch, the way you taste # # Even if only for a day # # 'Cause I'll come back to you someday # # So close, so far # # Some other world # # It's spinning me away, yeah, yeah, yeah # #  I'll say so close, so far # # Some other world # # Spinning me away # # Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... # #  It's spinning me away # Mmm, you're late. But I look hot enough to get away with it, right? Maybe. Nice house. Well, thank you, but it's my sister's. You want the tour? Mmm... mostly I'm just interested in the bedroom. Oh, that's so not fair. It's upstairs. Did you know that Savannah is literally built on the dead? They placed cemeteries all over the city, and then as it grew they just kind of built on top of them. Great. I can't wait to go to bed tonight. But I guess you're not gonna be there to protect me, right? You didn't sleep on the couch last night 'cause of Jenny, did you? Peyton, you need to know that when I saw your face in the airport, I don't think I've been that happy since I've been here. But? People always leave, right? There's this on-ramp that I pass every day on my way to work. Every day I think, "I could get on that on-ramp, and I'd be in Tree Hill in 6 hours, 24 minutes". And I'd be with you. But I'd be without Jenny. And I can't do that. You could have called on the phone and told me that. It's not like you're in hiding. It would have been too hard to heard your voice, Peyton, to feel us again. My life is here now. And as much as I would love to, I'd -- you're leaving. And I'm the one that's gonna be left with this dull pain in my heart, and that pain -- it took me a long time to let go of. Sorry. It's okay. I get it. Trust me. Peyton. Peyton! You know what? Every song ends, Jake. Is that any reason not to enjoy the music? Forget it. I'll just -- I'll see you tomorrow. You okay? Yeah, I'm just dreaming. I guess the world's still out there. You know, I have a chance to make some overtime today, but I can call and cancel if you want. No, no, no, no, no. You should go. I can spend the day alone. Or I could make a call and maybe I could get you Jenny for the day. Could you really? Jake, that would be great. I love that little girl. I know you do, and I love you for that. Where's your head at, Peyton? - Me? - Yeah. Uh, I'm all over the place. I don't know. It's just like -- like, you know that feeling you get on a sunday where you just have the whole day to yourself, and it's been great, and then you remember you have to go to school the next day, so it ruins the rest of the night? I have to go home tomorrow, and so I've got that feeling. It's like sunday night. You know, somebody once told me that every song ends, but that's no reason not to enjoy the music. Ellie told me that. Well, she was right. Tomorrow's gonna hurt like hell. We both know that. But we're here together now, hmm? Marvin McFabulous, I wasn't sure you were gonna make it. Actually, I got here early. Well, welcome to the dark side, my friend -- deception for lunch, payback for dinner, and pie for breakfast? You guys want some breakfast? - Pie. - Pie. - Hi there. - Hi. Just a cup of coffee, please. Hot uncle Cooper! Why don't you come join us? Hey, Brooke. Hi. Hey, I'm Cooper. Hey, I'm, uh, Steve. Yeah, you're the flower delivery guy, right? - How's it going? - Oh, I've been better. You know, my girl never did say who those flowers were from. She wouldn't tell you? Sounds like a shady character. No, no, I just think it was personal, that's all. All she'd say is that they were from somebody she really cared about. Look, we all have our histories, right? I just think this guy must have meant something to her. Anyway, you guys don't want to hear about that. So this is like home court for you two, right? What's good here? I ordered the pie, but I don't think I have the stomach for it. But -- This new girlfriend -- you care about her, right? Yeah, I do. That's good. Take care of her. Okay. Mouth, what about the plan? Payback? Pain? Pie? She's lying to him. I know, but I got to talk to Rachel first, okay? I really wanted pie. Hey. How you feeling, sleepyhead? Ohh, like ass. Mmm, sorry. Lucky for you, this cures that. I hope so. Oh, thank you. I am wiped out. We just got to win this one last game, though. Otherwise whitey has to retire without making the playoffs. Well, we can't let that happen. Where does it hurt? Everywhere. You guys are playing Oak Lake tonight? Yeah. They're undefeated. My boyfriend Damien West is good? Yeah, he's pretty good. He's an ass, though, sort of like a young version of my dad. It's actually hurt me to see what's happened with your relationship with Dan. I just -- especially now that you're playing so well. You should be able to enjoy that with your father. Yeah. It's a little late for that, though. Probably just as well. The way I've been feeling, I don't think I have another great game in me. I don't believe that for a second. Besides, I'm gonna help you, and Damien West doesn't stand a chance. I love you. You know that? I love you, too. You always help me. Damn it, you need to put a shirt on. You're too sexy! God! Take a look at this building right over here. That's where daddy fought for you, and then he threw up in the alley. And then right over here is the Savannah College of Art and Design... ...where maybe I'll go one day. That way I can spend more time with you and daddy. How's it feel knowing your man's season ends tonight? Don't count on it. Ooh, you smell great. I can't wait to see how you taste. Get off me! It's okay. Give into it, baby. Hey, Damien West? Dan Scott. That's Mayor Dan Scott, and if you ever touch my daughter-in-law, Haley, again, I'll end your career. Have a good game. Jake, we're home! Hey, there's my girl. - Come on. - Go see dada. How was your day -- okay? People always leave, right? I mean, that's why you and I can't be together -- because you have to stay, and I have to go back to Tree Hill. But I was thinking -- why do I have to go back? Jake... I want to stay. I want to stay here with you. Hey, Nathan. Nathan. Look, dad... What is this? You said you were gonna back off, Dan, with me and with Nathan. A restraining order? It requires you to stay at least 100 feet away from us at all times, starting tonight. Sorry, Mr. Mayor. You signed off on this, Nathan? Yeah. Actually, dad, it was my idea. All night, Scott. You can't stop me. Take a look at the scoreboard. In case you can't count, it's tied. Come on, Damien! This guy owns you! You did that on purpose! Hey, bitch, get off! Break it up! Break it up. You're okay? Let's get set here. The refs appear to have it under control now. Nathan Scott steps to the line for two free throws. Okay, gentlemen, let's get set. Shooting two. First one's dead. Hold on, guys. I got blood here. Coach! And it looks like Nathan has some blood on his jersey. Let's hope it's not serious. He needs stitches. Sorry, son, you're done for tonight. What? No way. Forget it. Nathan, you're bleeding. Coach, there's no way I'm leaving this game. If I need stitches, then stitch me up. Nathan. Coach, if we lose this game, then you lose your shot at the state championships, and so do I, so does this team. And we played in your crappy, old gym. We ran two-a-days until we puked. I let Tim shower with me. Come on. Don't let a punk like Damien West take this away from us. All right, take him back there and stitch him up. Find him another jersey. If his mother says anything about this, it was your idea. Get in there. What the hell are you laughing at? Two things I know -- one, you don't deserve a guy like Mouth, and two, deception always catches up to you... Always. It looks like Nathan Scott is going to have to leave the game. We'll take a break and be right back. Hey. Who's winning? It's tied, fourth quarter. So, you want to tell me about this master plan of yours? What makes you think that you can actually leave Tree Hill? Well, I'm gonna be out of high school in a couple months anyway, right? So I can just get my G.E.D. now. And the College of Art and Design is a great school. And, I mean, my dad's always gone. Haley has Nathan, and Brooke has Lucas, so... maybe I can stay. You know, Peyton, there's a reason that you're listening to that game tonight. And I don't care what you say -- you'd miss it, all of it. Do you miss it? Every day. Jake. Do you love me? Yeah, I do. I walked around Savannah all day today, and I couldn't shake that feeling of it being a sunday evening. And it's always gonna be without you. You're the one that makes that feeling go away. So, yes, there are things about my life that I would miss. But I'd miss you more. And the roar you hear is for Nathan Scott stepping back on the court. And he's wearing Lucas Scott's jersey! But is it too late? The Ravens trail by 9, with just over a minute left. You should have stayed in the locker room, Scott. Your season's over. We'll see about that. Yes! Yay, Nathan! Another 3 by Nathan, and just like that, the Ravens trail by 3, with 35 seconds left. Let's hope there's some magic still left in that jersey. What's the matter, West? You don't want to take the big shot? Ball! Well, well, someone has to make their free throws, huh? Don't brick it, now. Take it easy, man. It's an old backboard. That's right, nice and easy. Don't think about it. Wow, nice touch. And the Ravens are gonna get the ball back, down by 3, with 18 seconds on the clock and Nathan Scott on fire. I'm telling you, folks -- win or lose, you're gonna regret missing this one. The two teams are huddled up now. We'll get back to live action in a moment. All right, listen to me. That Scott kid is having the game of his life, so they'll be going to him. When he catches the ball, you foul him. They'll only get two free throws, and they're down by three. I can stop him, coach. No way, it's too risky. We foul him, end their season. We get out of here undefeated. Now, let's go, fellows! - Let's go! Let's go! - Let's go! Let's go! - "Win" on 3. 1, 2, 3... - Win! Now, you listen to me. When you step out on that floor, take it all in because someday you're gonna look back on it and want it all again. When you do, make sure it's for the right reasons. Win or lose, leave it all on the floor. Now, "Ravens" on 3. - 1, 2, 3... - Ravens! You know, it's been said that we just don't recognize the significant moments of our lives while they're happening. We grow complacent with ideas or things or people, and we take them for granted. And it's usually not until that thing is about to be taken away from you that you realize how wrong you've been, that you realize how much you really need it, how much you love it. God, I love this game. Foul him! Foul! No way. Nobody fouls him! He's mine! Come on, Scott. You got nothing. We got a foul here. He called a foul! The shot is good, the game is tied, and there's a foul on Damien West. Unbelievable! Nathan Scott will get one free throw to win it, with no time left on the clock. So Nathan Scott will have one free throw to win it for the Ravens. Okay, you need to make 20 free throws in a row. You miss one, you start over. Dad, I'm tired. Nathan, I'm only trying to make you better. Someday you're gonna thank me. You ever heard the expression, "the best things in life are free"? Well, that expression's true. Okay, this is it. Oh, m-- You got nothing, Scott, nothing! Ravens win it! Ravens win it! So, you've been quiet tonight. - I'm worried about you. - Why? What if I say you can stay and somehow we convince your father to let you do it? This life is hard, Peyton. You've got all this fire inside of you. I don't want to be the guy that puts that out. You already did that the night you left Tree Hill. I've spent a lot of time being miserable, Jake. It's like misery's an old friend. And it tricks you sometimes into thinking that it's just always gonna be there, that you can't be happy. But you can. You can walk away from pain, and I think being in love's the best way to do it. What do you feel when we're together? Hope. I do, too. And we deserve that. You okay? Not really. I kind of got caught in a lie tonight. With Cooper? About your age? I didn't tell him anything. Why not? Because if he makes you feel the way that I felt with you, then I want that for you. Brooke was right. I don't deserve you. I'm sorry, Mouth. Never say you're sorry, Rachel. I mean, that was one of your rules, right? It's a stupid rule. You know, one of these days you're gonna have to quit lying and just be yourself. Maybe today's that day. Hey, you were great tonight. I think so. Nathan. I know. I know. I'm not supposed to get close to you. But... tonight I walked into that gym the Mayor of Tree Hill... but I finished the night a father on the outside looking in... at a son who deserves better. I wanted to tell you... how proud of you I am. And this has nothing to do with basketball. I'm proud of you for the choices you've made with your life. I'm proud of you for the man that you've become. I love you. Every once in a while, people step up. They rise above themselves. Sometimes they surprise you. - Okay, you can't be here. - Cooper -- How could you lie like that, huh? How old are you? Please tell me you're not a freshman. I'm 17. Just relax. In North Carolina I only have to be 16 for us to be together. Maybe by law, but in my book, you got to be a hell of a lot older than that. You have to go. I'm sorry. - Cooper. - Don't. You know you still want me, Cooper. You know it... ...and I know it. You really should go. And sometimes they fall short. Life is funny sometimes. It can push pretty hard. But if you look close enough, you find hope... Mama. ...in the words of children... ...in the bars of a song... What's wrong, Peyton? ...and in the eyes of someone you love. And if you're lucky -- I mean, if you're the luckiest person on this entire planet -- the person you love decides to love you back. Do you want to get married? Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss