It's a business arrangement. Of course. With me tonight is my new color announcer, Gigi Silveri. You really expect us to practice in this dump? Not only practice. Till further notice, you're gonna play all your games in here. If you tell Whitey I have a heart condition, I'm off the team. Yeah, and if I don't tell Whitey about your heart condition, you're off the planet. It was you, wasn't it? The dress I designed -- the one you made -- it got me into Rogue Vogue. Your clothes are good, but if you're afraid to go -- Oh, no, I'm gonna go, and I'm gonna win. Did you think about it -- having a baby to stay together? Let me see the pills. I cannot believe you still don't believe me. Here. Take them. I don't need them anymore. Haley! Your future as a basketball player is totally secure. Your future as my husband -- not so much. You know, I thought about you every day I was gone, and you're even prettier than I remembered. Keith Scott? Put your hands behind your head. What the hell is this? You're under arrest for the attempted murder of Dan Scott. You're next. Haley? You're next. So, have you given any thought to which college you'd like to attend? Yeah, actually. I've been looking at Stanford. Oh, you're serious. Well, Stanford may not be too realistic for you, Faily. Haley. What? I think you just called me "Faily." My name's Haley. My mistake. I must have thought that was your name because you failed every class. I didn't fail anything. No? What about your marriage? Well... that is none of your business. Then there was the HCM test. You failed that, too. No, I didn't. Oh, that's right. You failed the friendship test by letting Lucas play basketball with a serious heart condition. Such a shame. Clear! Oh, he's 86'ed, yo. Just say, "he's dead," Tim. You're next. Haley? Haley. You're next. So, have you given any thought to which college you'd like to attend? S-s-stanford. That's a great school for you. Are you okay? 'Cause you seem a little sketchy. Me? No, no. Actually, I'm fine. I just love sleeping in jail cells. You understand that we have you on tape buying a bottle of liquor the day of the fire. I-I-I've seen it. It was stimulating. Yeah. We also know that you bought a gun. Oh, my god. Was Dan shot? Oh, wait. No, no, no. It was a fire. Yeah. It's gonna be fine. You need to get to school. I'll call you if I hear something. Come on, mom. It's Keith. This is important. Your future is important. Don't you have a meeting with your guidance counselor today to talk about colleges? Oh, you wouldn't want to miss that. Keith didn't go to college, and look where he ended up. What the hell is wrong with you? He's your brother, for God sake. Exactly. Someone should have told him that before he tried to light me on fire. Keith had nothing to do with that. How would you know? Were you there? Lucas, go to school. Don't waste your breath on him. You wasted more than that. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Now, come on. You don't want to get hurt before the big game tomorrow. There's  gonna be Scouts there. Oh, but then they're there to see Nathan, not you. Well, got to run. Don't want to be late for the Keith show. In today's episode, Keith Scott learns if you play with fire, you're gonna get burned. Sorry. Why am I here again? I mean, not that I'm not grateful for the "get out of jail free" card, but what's the catch? You're here so I can help you decide which college is best for you. I doubt I'll even go to college, so you're wasting your breath. And you're wasting my time. Why do you think your brother would accuse you of trying to kill him? Maybe he's still mad at me for sleeping with his wife. Is your wife gonna factor into the college you pick? That's not really your business, is it? Anyway, colleges come to me. I don't go to them. Then why'd you come back to Tree Hill? 'Cause I live here. And do you want to stay close to home? Probably. I mean, I can't really afford to go to college out of state. Well, you're not going anywhere until we sort this out. Okay, okay. Stop, all right? I want to talk to my brother. I know he's out there. Come on, Danny! Come on in! Danny! Ahh. You ready to confess? Yeah, okay. Okay. I confess. I bought a bottle of liquor. I was just so thirsty. I'm sorry, Dan. Can you forgive me? You think this is funny? Stop smiling, you son of a bitch! Hey, there's no need to bring mom into this, Danny. Okay, that's enough. Wipe  that dumb smile off your face. That's enough, I said. Help. Police. Well, I guess I just don't really get the point of college. The point is to find something you love and hopefully make a career of it. What makes you happy? I don't know. Music, I guess. But everyone loves your stuff. You know that, right? I just think this would be a great opportunity for you. Okay. We'll talk later, then. Musicians can be so neurotic. No, that was Brooke. She's got this fashion-show thing coming up, so she calls me every second she has a new idea, which is pretty much every second. I didn't think I'd hear from her again now that her and Lucas have stopped this whole non-exclusive crap. Non-exclusive meaning? Basically, friends with benefits. Friends with benefits? Isn't that just sleeping around? No. It's like being friends with someone you get to have sex with, but you can still hook up with other people, too. Okay. So, you're right. It's the same. And what about you? Do you have any beneficial friends? No. I dated this guy Nathan for a while, but we were more benefits than we were friends. But we're just friends -- no benefits -- now. And then... there was this other guy, but -- but he was more than that. Were you in love with him? That's the hard part. Sex is easy. But if you find someone you're in love with who's also your friend, wouldn't that be the greatest benefit? Well, that's the fairy tale, I guess. Well, there's nothing wrong with fairy tales. Everyone ends up happily ever after. When I was little, my parents took us to California so my sister could look at colleges, and Stanford was just one of our stops, and I was only 8, but I just fell in love. I'd never seen anything like it growing up in Tree Hill -- all those different people in one place, and I just thought to myself, "wow, this must be what the world is like. This is where I want to be." And ever since then, I've just wanted to go there. Where  does your husband want to go? Hey, uh, this came to the apartment for you. I guess they think you still live there. Thanks. 2,798 miles -- that's how far apart our dream schools are. Yeah. Nathan, I said some things the other night -- I said some things, too. I'm sorry. Me too. I guess we can add this to the list of things we should have talked about. We can talk about it now. I didn't realize I was supposed to figure out my entire future today. You should at least be thinking about it. Trust me, I've been thinking about it ever since I could shoot a basketball. Look, Mayor Scott, the arrest was a favor, but without anything solid, I can't hold him. In fact, the only charges I could bring would be against you for assaulting your brother. Can I fire you? No. It's good seeing you, Danny. Oh, uh, could this visit take the place of Christmas this year? Stanford is, like, my dream school. It's where I've wanted to go since I played pretend S.A.T's. Man, I forgot how much of a nerd you were. Oh, whatever, Rambo. Rambo was cool! Oh, I don't feel like I'm picking a college as much as I feel like I'm picking a future. Yeah, but didn't you kind of pick a future when you married Nathan? Watch it, mister. Hey, by the way, you're, um, like, feeling all right and everything, right? Yeah, I'm fine. Why? I just had this dream that you had a heart attack. And you're buying your medicine and you don't need to borrow any money or anything, right? Yes, I'm fine, but thank you. What's up, boyfriend? Faily? And I'm never telling you anything again ever. Speaking of, though, what is the deal with these meetings today? College is like a million years away. Or 3,000 miles. Bye. Okay, I don't get it. She just realized that she and Nathan want to go to college across the country from each other. They just figured that out? Isn't that the sort of thing couples talk about? Yes. So... what are your plans after high school? Hmm. Well, I always figured I'd marry a millionaire and he'd whisk me away to his private island in the Bahamas. Where are you on that, anyway? How's the fashion institute's basketball team? Is there a good fashion program at, like, basketball school? Mouth, you're totally screwed. Principal  Turner wants to see you. I don't think I did anything wrong. I mean, did he say what he wants? No, because he didn't actually send me. I just need your help. But I had an appointment with the guidance counselor. Why would you let some burnout in a dead-end job tell you where to go to college? I mean, college obviously didn't work for her. Rachel, that burnout's my mom. See? I can joke, too. But seriously, I need to get back. But seriously, just catch the counselor on her lunch hour at the soup kitchen. I need your help. Marvin McFadden? Keith. Are you okay? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. The Tree Hill jail isn't exactly Attica. You didn't have to wait for me. We can't let Dan get away with this. We should probably sue him or call the news or maybe even -- Go out? The Ravens are playing tomorrow night, and I was thinking that maybe we should go together. You're asking me out on a date? Keith, Dan is trying to convict you of murder. I didn't kill anyone. Dan is just trying to rattle me. Besides, nothing would make me happier than taking you out. And nothing would make Dan angrier than seeing me happy. Well, okay, then. I'd love to. But, for the record, I'll be doing it for the first reason. Okay. The  second reason will just be a bonus. So, you're interested in fashion design? Yes, but I'm interested in a lot of things. Such as? I'm student council president, captain of the cheerleaders, founder of "DWN not I", and girlfriend of Ravens' star shooting guard Lucas Scott. And what are your plans after high school? After high school, I have cheer practice. 5, 6, 7, 8. Cross front, cross back, turn around, and pop! Back it up. Whoa! Stop! Halt! Cut! Why is everybody here early? Early? You're like an hour late. I don't think so. Unlike you, I've never thought there was a 13:00. Brooke, Rachel said you wanted us here an hour early. And where did you two think I was this whole time? Late, as usual. Brooke, the classic's coming up, and we don't have a routine yet. I figured since Mouth helped you out last year, we could maybe come up with one and surprise you, so... surprise. The only way I'd be surprised right now is if you were actually wearing underwear. I guess no surprises, then. Okay. I am the captain of this squad. It is my job to come up with a routine for the tournament. The tournament's the same weekend as Rogue Vogue. You'll be in New York City. That's why you submitted my fashion designs. Surprise. I could probably get some academic-scholarship interest... but I'm really hoping to still play basketball. I guess I'm not ready to give it up. You know, in jail, a shot like that would make you somebody's girlfriend. Yeah, well, you'd know. I was worried about you. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Anyway, you're a kid, Lucas. You should worry about kid stuff. Oh, you mean like school, money, mom, college scholarships, Scouts? Wow, it's tough being a kid these days. Since when do you worry about Scouts? Since I realized if I get a basketball scholarship, my mom won't have to worry. She likes to worry about you. I don't want her to. College is expensive. We'll manage. We always have. What? You said we. I, um... asked your mom out on a date. I hope that's okay with you. I think it's great. What did she say? Funny. I guess you had to ask the question. My track record with your mom is about as bad as the Ravens'. Aah! So, do me a favor -- win tomorrow night. I was gonna say "score," but I didn't think that was appropriate. Oh, hi. Come on in. Have you seen my friend Mouth? He looks just like you, only he has a skank attached to his hip. I'm sorry, Brooke. I was trying to help all the cheerleaders, including you. Well, for the record, when you're helping Rachel, you are not helping me. I don't think she tried to set you up. She said she had no idea it was the same weekend when she submitted your designs. And you believed her? Mouth, she is lying, okay? If you weren't so busy trying to see through her shirt, you would see through her B.S. -- She's using you. How? I don't know. I am not a conniving bitch. But I know that if she's being nice to you, it is for a reason, and not a good one. If you want a new friend, hang out with the raisin girl. Her name is Gigi. Yes, Gigi -- good. Rachel -- bad. So, I should stick with my own kind. I'm not saying that. I just know how someone like her sees someone like you. Someone like me? I get it. A hot girl would never hang out with someone like me unless she wanted something. No,  Mouth, wait. Why? Do you have no furniture for me to move? Your parents aren't around? No, but that's not unusual for Tree Hill. We should have milk cartons with missing parents on them. It must be difficult being alone. I'm not alone. I hate being alone. I have my roommate and my squad, my friends, my Peyton, my Lucas. Hey. I didn't know what to get you, so I got a little bit of everything. Is there a kick in the head in there? 'Cause that's what I deserve. What's wrong? Mouth came over earlier, and I went all "mean girls" on him. Wait a second. You were mean to Mouth? Yeah, you know what? There might be a kick in the head here somewhere. He's gotten all buddy-buddy with that escort wannabe Rachel, who I found out only entered me in Rogue Vogue because it's the same weekend as the classic. - So do them both. - I can't. I need you to help me decide. This is my last year to take my squad to the classic and win, but Rogue Vogue could be my only chance at showing my designs. You know what I would do if I was you? Hmm? Do them both. You are not helping. Okay, they're in different states, but they're during different times of the weekend. And I would still have to be in two places at once. I'm not Supergirl. I can't -- I could fly. Oh, my god. This could totally work. I could win two trophies and keep one on my dresser and shove the other one up Rachel's -- Hello, Peyton. Oops, I mean Haley. It's hard to keep all of Nathan's girlfriends straight. You know, I'll probably call the next one you. So, what are you doing here? Oh, just some official mayor business. Wouldn't want to bore you. Oh, thanks. How's my new song doing, anyway? What are you talking about? The song you're recording. Nathan's paying Chris Keller to work with you, and since I'm paying Nathan's allowance for being such a good little boy, it's kind of mine. Oh... you didn't know where the money was coming from. Don't you and Nathan talk about anything? Yeah, mostly we talk about how happy he is to be away from you. You know, that's not exactly the thank you I was expecting after dropping thousands of dollars on your career. I'll see you in class. Nathan... did you pay Chris to help me with my music? Good morning to you, too. I just ran into your dad. Is that true? Yeah. Why didn't you tell me, Nathan? I want us to be honest with each other about everything. So, what, every time I want to do something nice for you, I have to ask first? No, that's not the point. It was very nice, but you, like, totally went behind my back, and it felt like something Dan would do. Do I have to change the locks at school now? I'm the mayor. I have the keys to the city. Besides, is that any way to talk to your new teacher? Principal Turner asked me to speak to your political-science class. You're kidding. I need to get away from my dad, and basketball's the way out. The plan's always been high school and then Duke, then the NBA. Who came up with this plan? My dad. Whoa, where are you going? Are you just gonna skip class? I've heard you speak, dad. Waste of time. Have you talked to your parents about college? Well, I mean, my birth mom's really the only one that's around right now, and she didn't go. What did she do after high school? Drugs. Well, you didn't go to college, and you're doing just fine. I'm a freelance writer who lives paycheck to paycheck. I've done okay, but I could have done better. You don't want to go to college? Does that surprise you? Actually, it does. I'd just assumed you'd go. Why? Because you can. I never understood people who had the chance to go and chose not to. Well, I don't understand people that waste four years in school when they could be out living life. What's the hurry? From what I hear, college is fun. I can see you majoring in art or music or business. Really? You see all that without tarot cards or a ouija board? What else do you see? I see you being late for cheerleading. I guess you really are psychic. All right. Well, how 'bout this? Do you by any chance see a name for this album? Hopefully something better than "this album." I don't know. It's kind of growing on me. Okay. Have fun. Don't benefit any friends, and do good cheering. Go, Ravens. I'm starting to doubt my powers, 'cause I never would have seen you as a cheerleader. My mom was a cheerleader. I just want my mom to stop worrying and enjoy life. She deserves that much. So, tonight's the big night. Are you excited? I mean, Keith is, like, the most popular kid in school. Don't make fun of me. I'm too nervous. All right. Now... how do I look? Like my mom. I'm serious. You look great, ma. You looked great the last time you asked me and the time before that. And what about the time before that? Oh, so-so. Shouldn't dating get easier? Oh, um... okay. Do you want me to have a little talk with him -- make sure his intentions are honorable? I got it from here. All right. Um... good luck at the game. You will be joining us for dinner afterwards? I'll be there. Okay. This is getting pretty serious -- bringing him home to meet the fam? Enough! Keith, you look... You look... too. I, uh, have a confession. I was pretty nervous about tonight. Oh, yeah, me too. I actually changed my shirt three times. I was gonna change again, and I realized I only have three shirts. - Well, I like that one. - Thanks. This is yours? This is the car I've always dreamed about, which makes it perfect for tonight. What made you finally decide to buy it? Lately I've been less about talking and more about doing. So, why don't you like to talk about college? 'Cause it freaks me out, okay? I, uh -- I like high school. I'm good at high school. You know, I know who my friends are and who my enemy is. I've got this place down. Rachel. Question -- what do Rogue Vogue and the classic have in common? Answer? Brooke Davis. Nice try, but I'm doing both. How are you gonna do that? It's called "you're an idiot." One's on saturday, one's on sunday, and there's a flight smack-dab in the middle, so you're gonna have to try harder next time you practice bitchcraft. Won't you just be the busiest girl in ho business? And you'll be taking a backseat, but I guess you're used to that. This gym's nearly as old as you are. Yeah, but I look better. Hey, Whitey. Gonna win one for us tonight? Well, it depends. Are you gonna stick around and watch? Yeah, I'll be here. I bet you will. Good to have you home, Keith. All I need now is a win to make this night perfect. Your basketball career could end just like that. You need to think about your education, too. You don't get it. Without basketball, I'm not gonna have an education. I'm not gonna get into college based on my grades. Basketball's all I've got. This place is disgusting. I can actually see the germs in the air. Yeah, me too. Nathan, good news. What, I'm adopted? David Shea is here. What? If you want to play for any basketball powerhouse on the east coast, that's the Scout you want to impress. Seems all those phone calls I made on your behalf paid off. This has nothing to do with you. If he's here, it's because of me. You can't own this one. All right, let's bring it in! Come on! Move it! Move, move, move! This is Gigi Silveri. Now that the Ravens have stripped out of their street clothes and put on tight shorts that caress their firm buttocks, we're ready to get under way. Mouth? That was... good. All right, here's the deal. You want to go back to playing in a gym that doesn't smell like moldy cheese? Well, go out there and win a game for a change! All right, on 3. - 1, 2, 3! - Win! Nathan! Not tonight. You have a seat. What? Why? I understand you skipped political science this morning. Coach, my dad was there. He knew I was skipping. I didn't. You know the policy. You miss school, you miss the game -- no exceptions. Dustin, you're in. No, no, coach. There's a big-time Scout here. I have to play tonight. Nathan, sit down -- now! What if basketball doesn't work out? I don't expect it to. But if it can help me get into a good college and help my mom at the same time, I'm gonna throw everything I have into it. Defense! Defense! Defense! Defense! Defense! Piece of advice for you, gramps -- most coaches play their leading scorers. It kind of helps them, you know, win. Wow. The mayor's talking to me. What an honor. And there's the end of the first half. The Ravens trail in a close one, 37-34. We'll be back in a few minutes with the start of the second half. I'll be right back. Can I talk to you, coach? Not if it's about your brother, Ferris Bueller. But the only reason Nathan skipped class was because of Dan, and the only way to get him away from Dan is to let the Scouts see him play. It's not your place to defend him. Yes, it is. You made me co-captain, didn't you? Well, he's my teammate, and the team needs him. I appreciate your concern for your teammate, but rules are rules, and you're gonna have to find a way to win without him. Funny running into you here. Am I in the right bathroom? Mouth, I'm really, really, really sorry. Okay? I didn't mean to hurt you. I just meant a guy like you is... one of my very best friends, and I was just trying to protect you from one of my very unbest friends. It's okay, Brooke. Can I make it up to you? Hang out after the game? I never thought I'd be propositioned in a men's room -- and like it, anyway. Is that a yes? Well... I kind of have plans. With Rachel. I'd invite you, but -- It's okay. Be careful, Mouth. David Shea. Mayor Dan Scott, Nathan's father. Oh, I was looking forward to seeing your son play. Who wasn't? Listen, David, the truth is, coach Durham has a personal issue with me. Unfortunately, he's punishing Nathan for it. It's sad, really. Well, Lucas is playing well. Oh, that's even sadder. Were you talking about Lucas? 'Cause I'm, uh, Keith, Lucas' uncle. He's having quite a night. Yeah. He's a really good kid, and he's got great grades, too. That's nice to hear. Well, uh, I've got to get back inside. It's nice to meet you two. You too. Ohh. You both could do better. God knows I've done worse. Hey, Keith... I wouldn't leave town if I were you. I'm not going anywhere, Danny. I wouldn't dream of it. I-I feel like I can't win. I mean, do I go on without him? Do I beg him to come with me, follow him wherever he goes? I don't think you ever realize how much you love something until you have to give it up. What is that boy on? Or not on. Okay, time winding down in the fourth quarter. The Ravens need a basket. Lucas Scott drives into the lane. He puts the shot up and scores, and the Ravens are down by 1 -- 11 seconds left in the game. Move, move, move, move! All right, now, I want you guys to take a good look around you. Take a good, hard look, because once in a while, you have to ask yourself how you got to this place -- 0-2 playing in this crummy sweatbox of a gym. Well, I'll tell you how you got there. You got there by playing selfishly and losing. But for the next 9 seconds, if you change the first thing, you'll change the second. All right, let's go. - 1, 2, 3... - Ravens! Did your father go to Duke? No. But I'm better than him. Lucas. The dead spot -- Fleming has no left, all right? He'll go to his right, so if you force him to the dead spot, you'll be able to pick his pocket. I never would have joined the basketball team if it wasn't for my uncle Keith. He wanted me to be a part of something, to feel like I belong. It sounds like he really cares about you. Yeah, he's like a father to me. You keep playing like that and you might have a chance with the captain of the cheerleaders. Really? She say something? Yeah. She said this. You coming over tonight? I don't know. I'm gonna have dinner with Keith and my mom. So, how 'bout after that? You don't want to hang around and be a third wheel. What if they want to get freaky? That's my mom -- not a visual I want to have in my head. So, how 'bout you come over, and I'll give you a better one? Oh, yeah? Yeah. Have fun with your family. You okay? Yeah. I'm just worried about Lucas. I'm sorry you didn't get to play today. I know you wanted to impress that Scout. Why? You don't think he was impressed with my bench-sitting skills? Haley... I'm sorry. I wish I had an answer for all the school stuff. It's just... if I tell you not to go to Stanford, I'm telling you not to follow your dreams -- again. If I tell you to go, I'm saying I don't want to be with you. So, what do you want me to say? Say you love me. Of course I love you. Scott! Dave Shea. You played a great game today. Thanks. I had a lot of help. You know, you should meet my brother, though. Uh... hey, Nathan! How you doing? All right. Good to meet you. The truth is, I don't really like to think about college... 'cause that means high school's over. After graduation, everyone will probably go play basketball or sing or start record labels. And I'll have to start all over... alone. I'm sure I'll be fine. But, like I said, I don't like to think about it. At the end of the day, I just want to be with my family and friends. I want to play basketball, and I want to go to college. That's not too much to ask, is it? It's just hard because the game's the only thing that ever mattered to me... till Haley came along. Coach... I wanted to talk to you about not playing me tonight. I'm not having this conversation again. It was the right thing to do. Well, that was a good tip you gave to Lucas. It may have won us the game. Tonight you put the team ahead of yourself. That's what a true leader does, and that's something your father never learned. And don't worry about that Scout. I'll see he comes back. You'll get your shot. Thanks, coach, but, uh... I was hoping maybe you could call somebody at Stanford. All right, I'll make a call. It's just hard because before I was married, I thought Stanford was my future. But all those different faces I remember, all those different people... none of them are Nathan. Hey. Hi. How was the game? Yeah, it was okay. It wasn't exciting watching the Ravens get their first win? I was there. Well, why didn't you come say hi? Oh, I just wanted to watch you do your thing. You were great. Yeah, I can go pom-to-pom with the cheeriest. I'm serious, Peyton. You're smart, you're funny, you're beautiful, and what I can see, there's nothing that you're not good at. You want something? Except taking compliments, apparently. No, I'm sorry. I just -- I'm not used to it. As I watched you tonight, I thought to myself, "this girl has so much to offer the world. If only she could see it." Are you sure you're okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I, um... I came up with a possible album title and took a shot at the cover art. What do you think? "Friends with benefit." I love it. So, I think I want to study art and music... and maybe business. Any suggestions? I hope you got your pants on. Go home, Danny. This isn't your life. Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss