Your mom is gone, Peyton. But your biological mother is alive. I saw her buying drugs in the park today. I'm sorry. You and Erica broke up? She got popular. I love you. I really don't know when I'm gonna be ready for us again... or even if I'll be ready for us at all. We could totally have a summer-like fling, just in the fall. And... non-exclusive. I'm the guy for you, Brooke Davis. You'll see. Three months ago, someone tried to kill me. And when I find out who did this to me -- and I will find out soon -- the sins I commit then could turn this place to rubble. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow wrote, "All are architects of fate living in these walls of time." Looks like we're gonna have to go to Augusta to get in a decent nine holes. I didn't think you were coming back, so I took the course down. Didn't feel right letting it fall apart. You were tired of me schooling your sorry butt. I didn't think you'd remember. Are you kidding me? Tomorrow's the first day of school. Every year we predict what the next year is gonna hold, and every year I realize how out of touch I was with the year before. Unless this says I'd be married and separated by now. Well, zero hour. You first. "This year I'm going to kiss a boy." That's mine. It's from seventh grade! Well, it finally happened for you. Shut up. What about you? "This year I'll talk to Peyton Sawyer." - It doesn't say that. - It does. Look at it. Oh. "This year I'll volunteer at the tutor center." "Mom and Keith will finally get married." "I'll date a musician." Why do we do this again? It's supposed to be fun. How about we wait and see how the first day goes before any predictions? It's good to have you back, Haley. Couldn't have done senior year without you. Okay, I know in high school you always feel like everyone's staring at you, but this is ridiculous. They're not used to having a celebrity in their midst. They'll get over it. Let's just find our lockers. I'm 141. What are you? 143, so it must be alphabetical. Which means... Should've used your stage name. I waited for you this morning. What do you mean? I just figured since it's the first day of school, "the guy for me" would pick me up, bring me flowers, maybe a bagel. Just saying -- not that impressive. I had a couple things to take care of. Hmm. You totally pimped my locker. Yep. It's very exclusive. Hey, roommate, you were out early this morning. You know, it's the first day. You have to pace yourself. I'm one of those people who likes the first day of school. New pens, new notebook, new backpack. A nerd. Exactly. I'm behind for the first time in my academic career. I'm gonna have to work twice as hard if I want to graduate by june, so... And everybody here is giving me the zoo treatment, except for Nathan, who won't barely look at me. You could always run away and join a rock tour. Oh, wait, you already did that. She's had a complicated... year. I'll talk to her. Hey, you got a problem? Nathan, you think I could get a quick interview? I'm podcasting a preseason "Ravens report." Podcasting? It's like radio, but the fans can download it and listen to it on their Ipods. We're here with number 23, Nathan Scott. Nate, what's your prediction for this Ravens team? Is this the year you'll finally claim that elusive championship trophy, or will it once again end up in the arms of someone else? Someone more popular, better looking -- possibly a surfer -- leaving  you empty and angry with that final buzzer of regret ringing in your ears? I think we'll have a great season. Oh, no. Sometimes I wish I had gone blind. Easy, old-timer. I just came by to congratulate you on your 400th year at Tree Hill High. Well, I see Nathan ranked nationally. 10 spots ahead of you, if memory serves. It would have been higher if they'd gone off last year's record instead of his weak play at that damn camp. Does anything ever make you happy, Danny? Actually, yeah. It's the agenda for this week's school board meeting. Take a look at item three. I put it in 24-point font so you could read it. "Replace Whitey Durham." It's nothing personal. Wait a minute. Who am I kidding? Of course it's personal. It's a shame you didn't burn up along with your dealership. Of course, Dan Scott can survive anything, can't he? Like a cockroach. What's the matter, Danny? I'm just lighting a candle. Good for the fêng shui. You look a little skittish. I thought fire was supposed to be Satan's friend. It is. If you see Lucas -- that is, if you're still able to -- tell  him I'd like to speak to him. Lucas. What do you want? I need your help. I'm sorry. I'm fresh out of heroin. Try the park. Wait, Lucas, you did see me buying drugs, but it was for medical reasons. Let me guess -- you're going blind. Actually, no. I have cancer. I didn't want Peyton to know. Marijuana helps with the nausea. How far along? Far enough. I'm sorry. I came back here 'cause I needed to know that Peyton was okay, that she'd be okay. She deserves to know. You have to tell her. I know, but I want her to get to know me first on her own terms, not because she feels sorry for me. I thought maybe you could tell her you made a mistake, encourage her to give me another chance. Can I help you? Taking a walk. Seems I've been doing a lot of that lately. How about taking a hike? You done that lately? Did I ever tell you about the dog I found in this park? I took him into my home and gave him the best of everything. Some might say I even spoiled him. And then one day... he bit me. Oh, he's a smart dog. Point is... that dog never bit me again. I get why you come out here. Fresh air, solitude. Gives one clarity. That's important. Something I've been trying to grasp at all summer, but it just kept slipping through my fingers until I saw you the other night at the beach at the bonfire. I know it was you, Lucas. I don't know what you're talking about. I saw you at the dealership that night. You think I wouldn't remember? Careful, now. Don't want to get that heart rate up, especially since you stopped taking your meds. It'd be a shame if you collapsed on the court and no one to call an ambulance. Thanks for your concern... ...dad. I didn't raise you, so maybe you didn't get the lesson. If you're gonna start something, you sure as hell better finish it. I'm not playing this game anymore. Good talk, son. We'll finish it soon. What are you doing on this side of the school? - Going to P.E. - Oh, what -- by way of Florida? You're dodging Haley. How'd you deal with it when we first broke up, aside from immediately trying to hook up with Lucas? No, seriously. How did you deal with having to see each other every day? Really, the only thing I missed was skipping algebra and making out in my car. As  much as I loathed kissing you, algebra was worse. Do you have any idea how annoying it is to only go to your locker once a day? I'm gonna need a chiropractor. Let's talk about something happy, like how we're gonna get evicted if we don't find money for rent. Wait a minute, I thought your parents sent you money. Well, it barely covered my back-to-school wardrobe. You spent your rent money on clothes? I can't come to school naked. It wouldn't be very presidential. Although I would never have to worry out re-election. Oh, my god, it's so good that you're not treasurer. By the way, have you talked to Peyton? I get why Nathan's freezing me out, but it's not like I put Peyton up for adoption. Star forward Nathan Scott and wife, Haley, face to face. How will her return affect his game? Will she destroy his average like Erica Marsh threatens to destroy this reporter's GPA? I don't care how many board members got their cars at cost. 40 years of coaching should count for more than that. Hey, coach. Well, well, Avril Lavigne. What can I do for you? I wanted to talk to you about Nathan. I'm not exactly his favorite person right now. And you'd like for me to talk to him. I was hoping. He really listens to you. Listen, girlie, I'm a basketball coach, not Dr. Phil. I don't have time for anybody else's problems right now. I've got plenty of my own. I understand. Besides that, I should be happy that my star player's focusing on the game rather than on his love life. We got a championship to win this year. Here. What's this? It's called a detention slip. Detention  for what?! Last time I checked, this was the boys' locker room. Now, take it and go. So, how is, uh, everything going with Peyton and Ellie? I don't know. I told Ellie to stay away. But part of me thinks it might be good for those two to talk. How much do you know about her? Not much, really. We met her when she was pregnant with Peyton, looking for an adoptive couple. She chose us. What about Peyton's father -- uh, biological father? We asked about him, but she would never talk about him. I don't know, Karen. Half the time I'm floating in the Atlantic, trying to keep a roof over our heads, and Peyton is scratching her way through adolescence alone. Peyton  knows that you love her, Larry. I know she does. I just don't want to see her hurt again. You know, I don't know Ellie. I don't know her intentions, but this may be the one opportunity that Peyton has to find out. I know you want to protect her, but maybe what she needs protection from is regret. Coach Durham, if I said something to upset you earlier, I'm really sorry. Take your seat. What are you doing here? She's got detention, just like you. Are we the only two people that got in trouble today? Get lost, kid. You're pardoned. Today, we're gonna allow talking. I believe you two have some catching up to do. So, how'd detention go? It was what it was supposed to be -- punishment. Nathan looked at me exactly once when my stomach growled funny and then stared at the clock for the rest of the hour. Gave you time to work on those predictions, right? Are you kidding me? The way this year's going, I predict I'm gonna get my G.E.D. - See you at lunch. - All right. Excuse me. Um, aren't you Kelly Clarkson? Bitch. You want to try saying that to my face? You like to sing about stars? Maybe you'd like to see some. I have never done anything to you! Hey, hey, hey! Break it up, now! I'm not gonna have any catfights on my watch. Fighting at school? That's a detention. Coach, she started it! Talking back to a teacher? That's two. Whitey, I really appreciate it, but I don't think -- Calling me "Whitey" is three. Okay, I think two's enough. I'm serious about that third one. I'll see you in detention. You really, uh, knock out Sue Garvey's front tooth? W-what? Where did you hear that? It's all over school. Great. Add "bully" to my résumé now. Ugh. You know, I played for some tough crowds on the road. Nothing compares to the hostility I feel walking down that hallway. What did I even do to make those girls hate me anyway? They don't even know me. It's high school. They don't need a reason. Try missing the winning shot at a home game. You'll feel hatred at a whole new level. Yeah, I guess I never thought of it that way. Nathan -- I should get back to this. I don't have a tutor anymore. Let me guess. Mom's not home. She doesn't know you're here. Well technically, we haven't divided our assets yet. Technically, hanging around when your wife's kicked you to the curb makes you a loser. I guess you'd know, right? Come on, get suited up. We'll play one-on-one. Where you been anyway? I had detention. Nathan, you can't afford to be a discipline case. This stuff gets back to the scouts. It wasn't like that. Whitey's just playing games with me and Haley. Whitey, huh? Well, you won't have to worry about him much longer. What does that mean? I'm looking out for you, son. I'm going before the school board tonight. We're gonna get you a real coach. Swish! I'm only saying maybe I was wrong about Ellie. Who knows what I saw. Could've been any number of things. Crack, speed? Maybe model-airplane glue. That's not what I mean. Lucas, I confronted her about it. She didn't deny it. There could be some explanation. There's always an explanation with her -- it's called lying. Why are you on the Ellie train all of a sudden anyway? I'm not. I'm just saying maybe you should give her a chance. Hey. Hi, Peyton. What are you doing here? I invited her. I-I thought maybe we could all talk. I had no idea how gifted you were. You set me up. Peyton, wait, wait. Listen. No, you listen! This is my world, okay? That's my music. This is my art, art that has everything to do with mom -- my real mom, okay? I can't believe you would do this to me. Did you know about this? Peyton. No, just -- just stay out of my life, okay? All of you. It's my fault. Good news. Our money troubles are over. I am a working girl. Is that legal? I am now the newest employee at Suburban Filth. It's a clothing store. "Suburban Filth." That's... perfect. What have you got there? These, my dear roommate, are hair scrunchies circa 1995, and they are going to make this living arrangement bearable. Brooke, I know you never liked my hair, but it's just -- No. Well, true, but no. When either of us has a boy over, these scrunchies will be our first line of defense. Observe. Red scrunchie means "occupied." Some serious action going on in here. The yellow scrunchie means we're making out, but one of us may be topless. And the black one? Hmm... you're gonna have to leave the apartment. I'm not sure I can handle thinking of you and Lucas hooking up in the same room where I'm sleeping. Lucas and/or others. Brooke, it's a -- it's a really good system. I just don't think I'm gonna be needing any scrunchies any time soon, so... Oh, no, no, roommate, come here. Come on. Nathan's gonna come around. He just needs to know you're here for the long haul. You know... sometimes people play hard to get because they need to know the other person's feelings are real. Oh, Nathan. It's been a long time. Yeah. Have you seen Lucas? Oh, not for a few hours. Okay. Thanks. Nathan. Haley came back. Yeah. Do you, uh, do you remember that day on the River Court when you told me you would give anything to have her home? Yeah. Yeah, you told me to have faith. Yeah, well, faith is believing when there's nothing else you can do. She's here now. What  are you gonna do about it? Haley's here. Just don't know if the guy she left is ever gonna come back. Oh, and if you see Lucas, tell him he might want to come to the school board meeting tonight. School board? Yeah. My dad's trying to get Whitey fired, and, uh, we both know he usually gets what he wants. I thought you might be here. Ever since your mom died, I've been guessing a lot. Sometimes I guess wrong. I shouldn't have brought Ellie into your room without asking. But she didn't have anything to do with it. Neither did Lucas. Sometimes you guess right. You guessed where to find me. This has all been a lot to take. I want you to know you can always talk to me. But sometimes I can't, dad. Yeah, I get that. If you're not always comfortable talking with me, maybe we should find you someone. Like a shrink? Might help you to get some of this out. Just beyond these doors, coach Durham's fate is being decided as we speak. The tension is palpable. The only audible sounds are the heartbeats of this Ravens team beating in unison for its beloved coach. My heart would be beating, too, but it's been ripped out and stomped on by one Erica Marsh. Mouth... got a second? Look... I know what you're going through, man, but at a certain point you got to stop wearing your heart on your sleeves. In fact, your whole shirt's getting a little ripe. That's easy for you to say, Luke. You get your heart broken and there's a dozen girls waiting to put it back together. It doesn't work like that for me. And even if it did, I don't want it to. I just want Erica back. To the school board, concerned parents, Mr. Mayor, I think coach Durham's record speaks for itself. He's never won a State title. In fact, the closest he ever came were those years where myself and my sons were on the team. Now, let's face it. Whitey's running out of my DNA. This is Nathan's final year at Tree Hill, and a lot of the other boys, too. We may not have another chance like this for decades. Now, I love Whitey. He's an institution in this town, but this is bigger than just one man. This is about civic pride. This is about driving into Tree Hill in the middle of the night and seeing your headlights splash that sign -- "welcome to Tree Hill, home of the Ravens, North Carolina State Basketball Champions." It gives me chills just thinking about it. And our kids deserve to have that feeling, too. Hell, so does all of Tree Hill. Now, if we make the change by replacing coach Durham, we can get there this year. I honestly believe that. Thank you. Well... thank you, Mr. Scott. Time to call this to a vote. I would like to say something. Uh, Mayor Mullins, Ms. Roe is not a member of the school board. I don't think I've ever seen her at a meeting before. I object. Well, this is not a court of law, Dan. We go by my rules. Sit down. Please go ahead, Ms. Roe. Thank you. Most of you know me. I am Lucas Scott's mom. I run a café downtown, and Lucas joined the Ravens last year. What you don't know is that I was against it. Whitey knew that, but he recruited him anyway. Um... I was against it for good reason. Because I have seen what this game can turn people into, and I was worried that that would happen to my son. What I didn't realize is how what Whitey teaches these boys goes beyond the simple game. I have seen his influence in my own son beyond the x's and the o's, and so have all the other parents in this room. Our boys are becoming men, and I cannot put that into statistics. It may not translate into championships. But if you put too much focus on those things, in the end, all you're gonna end up with is a sad bunch of boys who never learned to leave the game behind. Unlike Dan Scott, I don't believe that our sons deserve anything. You get what you earn. But coach Durham -- he deserves better. He's already earned it. So, my mom told me you came looking for me. Oh, it wasn't about you. Just wanted to make sure everybody knew about Whitey. So you do care about something besides basketball. Whitey gets me touches. He knows it's my team. Pretty soon the scouts will, too. Your team, huh? I guess we'll see about that when we get back on the court, won't we? - Hey. - Hi. Listen, about earlier, I-I'm sorry. I didn't know that she -- I know. My dad told me you weren't on the grassy knoll. Luke, I'm sorry. You're one of the few people that's been honest with me through this whole thing. So, what are you doing after this? Bad news, gentlemen. You're stuck with me. We're going all the way this season! Been a while since we've been in here, huh? I'm in here every night. In my mind, anyway. Replaying the shot you missed, the shot that ended our season, the shot you've probably made, what -- a thousand times? Okay. So, what do you have to tell me? How'd you know? Well, I figured you either brought me in here to talk, to make out, or to kill me. And since we're not gonna make out, I guess it's talk or die, right? Is it bad? Yeah. Let me guess -- I've got three moms. Ellie was buying marijuana, but not for the reasons you think. She's sick. She has cancer, Peyton. She told you that. Come on, Luke, that's just another one of her lies. I don't think so. I think she was afraid that if you knew the truth, you'd feel obligated to her some way -- that it would change things between you for the wrong reasons. Kind of like your little secret about Dan and the fire. And what little secret is that? Sorry to interrupt your little melodrama, but Lucas and I have unfinished business. Peyton, you should go. Yeah, we'll both go. A bit oedipal, don't you think -- trying to kill daddy? Someone should tell mom she's in for some action. You don't know what happened that night. You can't remember, and it's killing you. Enlighten me. - Let go! - Leave him alone! This is a family matter. You'd understand if you had one. You son of a bitch! My record on this court's better than yours, Lucas. You really think you can try to kill me?! - Stop it! - You think you can get away with this?! Let go! There are easier ways to kill a man. He wasn't trying to kill you! - Like choking! - He saved your life! Lucas, please, you have to tell him. I was there... but not to kill you. I saved your life. But I should've let you burn. Well, a stronger man would've. This will be our secret, Lucas. That goes for you, too, miss Sawyer. Luke, I'm sorry. I had to tell him. It's all right. I know. Are you okay? That's my father. What do you think? If I were you, I'd keep those boxes packed. What are you still doing here? You mean other than paying the bills? It's over, dad. Let it go. Can't blame a guy for trying to hold on, can you? I hear this place is open all night. You heard right. Okay, thanks. And now that I have a new job, we eat, too. Pizza's on the way. I'm gonna change. You guys hang. What happened to you? Oh, this pickup game got a little rough. What are you doing? Ugh. I'm looking through this list of predictions and dreams and wishes I made over the years. I really think maybe back then I was a better person. You're the same person you've always been, but that's not a list of who you are. That's a list of who you're gonna be, and that's still up to you. Yeah. Well, whatever I want to happen this year, I'm gonna predict the opposite 'cause life always has a way of figuring out how to surprise you. That was fast. You pitching in, you mooch? Hey. Nice place. Can I talk to you? Yeah. I'm glad it was you that stopped by. Living with Brooke, you never know who's gonna come in for a late-night booty call. Look, um, I've been doing some thinking about us, about what we're gonna do, and, um, I still have the annulment papers. But if we get an annulment, that means that our marriage never happened and that'd be a lie. And we had a lot of great times together, Haley. I don't want to pretend like we didn't. Neither do I. So, instead of an annulment, I've looked into a divorce. The State says we'd have to be separated for a year. What -- uh, what are you saying? I'm saying that I -- I think we should see what happens between now and then. Nathan... I love you. I know that we can work this out, and a year from now, things will be good for us again. Maybe... or maybe not. I guess we'll just have to see. I should probably go. What, you're just gonna eat Haley's half of the pizza and then run? Let's be optimistic. Nathan and Haley have a lot of problems. They'll probably be out all night, and you know I hate to sleep alone. I would love to spend the night, Brooke. Yeah? Yeah... as soon as we're exclusive. Oh, you're good. But before you go, did I mention that one of the perks of my new job is that I get to take home free samples? Hmm? You're better. Much better. So are we staying yet? Are we exclusive yet? Game on, Brooke Davis. Well, that's a first. Mouth McFadden, newsman extraordinaire. What are you doing out so late? I was hoping I could get a statement about your first win of the season. I'll go you one better than that. I'll give you an exclusive. This will be my final season. The end of this year, win or lose -- I'm retiring. But why? That's it. That's your scoop. Oh, and do me a favor -- keep it under wraps until after the first game. Hey, coach, could I ask you one more question, off the record? How do you deal with losing someone you love? Shut the door, son. Pull up a chair. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow wrote, "All are architects of fate. "So look not mournfully into the past." "It comes not back again." My dad said I should talk to someone, so I'm talking to you... all of you. Where do I begin? Um, well, I guess until a few days ago, I thought my mom was my mom, and my dad was my dad. Come on. We're late for class. Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss