I've got a headline for your article. It's called "go to hell." The candidate that I'm endorsing -- miss Karen Roe. You want me to ask her out? She's the one. If you insist. You're using me, and I'm okay with that. You're the one who wanted to be non-exclusive. I'm just doing what you wanted. I wanted you to fight for me. You're just... like... Dan. I'm making you co-captains. And you two are either gonna make this work or tear it down! I needed to buy some medicine. For what? I have HCM. I made a deal with the devil that I'd stand by his side through this election. I can... still make things... difficult for him. You want to play with me? Game on. You can help Haley with her music. And you care why? Because she loves it. And I love her. Working with Chris nearly killed our marriage. I told you I needed to be able to trust you again. This is your chance. And in Tree Hill, North Carolina, the local high school basketball team, the Ravens, began their season with a bench-clearing brawl, which wouldn't be that noteworthy except this brawl pitted the Ravens against the Ravens. Even the cheerleaders got in a few good shots. Looks like these kittens have claws. When asked about the incident, coach Brian "Whitey" Durham had no comment. I got a comment for you. Gym! Suicides! Move! Way I see it, you boys owe this school a major debt. And you'll find that payback... is a bitch. And the currency is pain! Sleep well, honey? Funny thing... I woke up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom, and all the toilets were clogged. How are the toilets on your side of the house? Fine. Maybe you should call a plumber. Don't worry. I'll make due. Going for a swim? Nothing gets by you, Dan. Water's warm. You're in for a treat. Oh, hey, sorry. I'm just running late. It's cool. By the way, I don't know what was going on with you and Lucas at Midnight Madness, but I really wish you guys could get back to the way things used to be. This is the way things used to be, Haley. I meant before I left. What were you fighting about, anyway? You. So you're a cheerleader now? What's that all about? Uh, Brooke needed my help. Kind of glad I get to see more of you, though. It is okay with you? Not that I need your permission or anything, I just -- You don't, but next time you want to talk, don't pretend to run in to me. Just talk to me, Hales. I don't want to play games. Uh-huh, you mean like other than challenging me to work with Chris again? Yeah, I guess -- I guess that's fair. So how's it going, anyway? I don't know. Coming along, I guess. Don't sleep on your music, Hales. It's a big part of who you are. Yeah. So are you. So, you gonna give me the damage report on you and Lucas? Let's see -- one boy, one car, one naked skeez in the back seat, and one Brooke Davis totally flipping out. Oh, Rachel stole your move, huh? Not the point. It just really set me off seeing them together. Even though you are the one that put them together. Way to twist the knife. The point is that she can't come in here and try to steal my squad and my boyfriend. Boyfriend? Isn't that a dirty word in the whole "keeping it casual" scenario? Yes. Okay, I know. I totally screwed this up. But what am I supposed to say to him now? Well, see, there's this new thing out. It's called an "apology." All the cool kids are doing it. You might want to try it. You know, if you really get into trouble, try using the word "exclusive." Hey there. Um... Okay, look, I'm really sorry, Luke. I know that I came down on you really hard the other night, and I know that the whole date with Rachel was my idea, but I  do have feelings for you. Listen... I thought a lot about what you said the other night... you know, about what kind of guy you want me to be. And I want to be that guy for you. But you have to let me be that guy. If I say okay, do you promise to lower the weapon? Oh. Sorry. What you got there, anyway? Uh, flyers for my fantasy league. Hmm. Sounds kinky. Fantasy basketball league. Eh, sounds lame. How does it work? Well, there's a draft where you pick from a list of NBA players and build your own ideal fantasy team. So you get to pick and choose from a big group of hot, athletic guys. Definitely take that back -- not lame. Although you know there are better things to fantasize about. I don't have a girlfriend. What else is there? You liar! You knew I was gonna ask Fede out and you sniped him! Just 'cause he's in your cart doesn't mean I can't grab him before you get to the checkout line. Yeah, check this out. I could fantasize about this. Bevin! Ashley! Stop! Can't really blame them. I mean, they watched their captain go all "kung fu hustle" at Midnight Madness, and  now they all want to look like Brooke. Of course, that would mean a trip to Goodwill. Hey, Luke. All right, Paris and Nicole. That's quite enough. If I wanted to watch cheerleaders wrestle, I'd turn on pay-per-view. It's okay, coach. I can handle them. Is that a fact? Well, after your little melee at the Midnight Madness, principal Turner and I came to a meeting of the mind. Another fight like this, and there won't be any cheerleaders this season. Get your squad under control, miss Davis. Otherwise you'll find yourself cheering for the chess team. Squad meeting -- now! This is my senior year, and as long as I am captain, I am not about to lose this squad because we are all fighting over the same guys. - Bevin knows I like Fede! - Fede's not into whores. Okay, enough! Do you have a problem? Just waiting to hear what your plan is, captain. "My plan." I'll tell you what my plan is. We're waiting. Aren't we, girls? The plan is... ...Fantasy boy draft. Okay, here's the rules of the Fantasy boy draft. Once you pick a guy, he's yours for the season, which means he's off the market and no one else can touch him. Got it, Bevin? Ashley? What are these for? I'm glad you asked, trial-separation girl. Open 'em up. The number on your compact will determine where you are in the draft order. So what's to keep us from just dating whoever we want, even with this little draft thingy? Good question, Bevin. Of course, you'd be kicked off the squad. Or worse... Like how worse? Like... what's to keep me from telling the whole school that one of you was left handcuffed to Ian Thomas' bed for seven hours, waiting for a locksmith? Or that at the sparkle classic last year, one of you had a little too much to drink and made out with another one of you? Or that that scar on a certain someone's back isn't reallyfrom falling off her bike, but was one of those little baby spine tails that the doctors had to lop off after she was born? In other words -- honor. Code of silence. You all keep the rules of the code. I keep silent about all the dirt I have on all of you. Break the rules, and it's social suicide. Final rule -- if at any time during the season you are not happy with your draft picks, you can trade someone else. Okay? Let's count out our numbers starting from one. One. Way to go, P. Sawyer, with pick numero uno. Right behind you with number two. Who's got three? - Three. - Uh, four. Five. So, wait. Once we pick our guy, then what happens? It's up to you. - Hello, there. - Hey. All  quiet on the western front? Oh, not even close. Last night, I clogged the toilet on Dan's side of the house. Now he's even more full of crap than usual. I want to show you something. These are hot off the presses. Here you go. My first official "Roe for mayor" campaign poster. "Roe, Roe, Roe your vote"! It's cute. You're gonna need a bigger sign. Throughout the 19th century, China's emperors watched in dismay as foreigners encroached further and further into their lands. In the hopes of repelling this foreign invasion, the empress took the radical step of allying herself with former enemy insurgents known as the "boxers." Now, the boxers were a secret society who had previously waged war against China's imperial government. The empress believed that, by providing aid and support to the boxers, she could use this former enemy to expel the foreign intruders. Miss Davis, perhaps there's something in that note that could enlighten us about the boxer rebellion. Well... they totally won out over briefs. The purse -- let's have it. Um, excuse me, miss... miss... Sorry, I forgot your name. Jelline. Right. My bad. In New Jersey vs. T.L.O., the supreme court ruled that unless a law has been broken or there is probable cause to suspect a law has been broken, searches and/or seizures of students' property is unlawful. And last time I checked, not paying attention in class wasn't a crime. Pretty sweet legal moves, counselor. You should see my not-so-legal moves. H ey. Do you actually think I need your help? Well, I guess that's a "thank you" in Brooke world. Look, you got something right. It is my world. And you may have my whole squad fooled, but if you are trying to suck up to me, don't bother. Hey, she did kind of bail you out back there. You are not allowed to defend her. In fact, I would appreciate if you didn't associate with her -- clothed or otherwise. Does this mean you're gonna pick me in your fantasy draft? How did you know about that? Oh, come on -- from three rows back, I still know what a fantasy draft looks like. I admit nothing. It's just a plan to keep the rest of my squad from tearing each other's heads off. Really? You sure it's not about Brooke Davis having her cake and... dating it, too? Could  be. Could not be. I'll let you know if we need to schedule a private workout for research. Saw the NOFX sticker on your locker. Figured you'd be into this. Super-rare bootleg recorded straight off the mixing board. Right. Look, Rachel, Brooke's my best friend. So you can try to buy her off with your legal jargon, but you can't buy me off with a bootleg. Peyton, I'm offering to let you borrow a CD. You got anything else, it's your baggage. Honestly, I'm just surprised a cheerleader's into punk. I didn't think anybody was that screwed up. I mean, besides me. Come on, Peyton. I'm trying here. You do realize I'm the one that tackled you at Midnight Madness? Yeah, but I heard the rumors. I just figured you were into me. Look, I get it. Some people just don't get along. Being friends with me does not mean you're betraying Brooke. You don't know Brooke very well, do you? Come on. You know you want to hear it. No, thanks. Oh, man. Lucas looks really tired. Well, I certainly haven't been keeping him up at night. Of course, that could all change after the boy draft. All right, I got to go. Keep an eye on him, huh? I will. Maybe two. You making some notes on potential draft picks? Not really. Wow, she's pretty. Who is she? Wish I knew. So, what's up, Mouth? The draft. Everybody's talking about it. I was just wondering... any chance a guy like me has a shot at getting picked? Come on, Mouth. What are you talking about? You're a total catch. I guarantee someone's gonna pick you. Besides, you'll probably be the only guy left alive. Lucas Scott! Why don't you hop on your brother's back and let him carry you? All right, gentlemen, line up. Let's do it again. There's a reason they call these 16-60s. Each one of you has to touch that sideline 16 times in 60 seconds. If one of you fails to do it, then you all do it again. Better get your ass in shape. You'll be the only captain in the league riding the bench. Come on, baby. We're in this together. - Bevin! - Hi! So... why wasn't Rachel scouting for the fantasy draft today? She said she didn't have to. She knows who she's gonna pick. And... who might that be? She kind of made me promise I wouldn't tell anybody. Okay. Bev, I know you guys have become... fast friends, and that's cool. You probably want to be... loyal... not betray her. Chris Keller. Wait. Chris Keller? Yeah. Rachel met him at the record store. She's got a thing for musicians. Plus, she said he's really, really sweet. It sucks, Haley. Wha -- I worked really hard on that song. What do you mean, "it sucks"? I mean it sucks so bad, I'm wondering if it's possible to un-hear a song. Maybe it's the song that's good, and it's you that sucks. Yeah, maybe. Let me think. Um... no. It's the song. The one good thing about it -- besides the fact that it's over -- is now that you've gotten all the crap out of your system, you can write something real. You got to write the truth, Hales. How are things with Nathan? I'm not discussing that with you. Ooh. That bad, huh? No. Things are fine. I don't think they are. I think things are a mess, Haley. And until you deal with that, your music's gonna suffer. Look who it is. I didn't know if you went to this school no more, dog. You've been spending too much time in the art center. Might do you some good to hang out with us non-gifted kids. Ah, whatever. Don't be acting like you ain't been busy. I thought I was gonna have to hide butt naked in your back seat to get your attention. You heard about that? The whole school heard about that, dog. But I mean, you could share the wealth. First Brooke Davis. Now the new redhead. I mean, you do know why the back seat was invented, right? Uh, yeah. I think I was conceived in one. Good point. But on the real, man -- how you holding up? You good? What do you mean? First half of the summer, you play like straight trash, then, bam, you're back to the old Luke. What's going on? Nothing. Just finally getting in shape. Right. And that wouldn't have nothing to do with your heart condition your moms got worked up about? HCM. No, I tested negative. Luke, I know you love the game, dog. Just like I love the game. But the people in your life -- they love you more. You do understand that, right? Yeah. Skills, I get it, all right? I'll be fine. A'ight, man. What? Yo, check this out. Shorty been checking me out all week, son. Yeah, there's this boy draft thing. Yeah, I heard. But on the real, last time somebody was following me around like that, I was in a department store. Straight up. Brooke, that's amazing! Now, what exactly did your manager say? Well, she said she showed my clothing designs to all the corporate monkeys at Suburban Filth, and they totally responded. Now all I need is Rachel to die of T.S.S. and life will be perfect. Have you noticed how all the guys have been acting stepford-ish lately? It's the draft. We have the first two picks. We should have done this years ago. Now we have the power. So that's why you rigged the draft order. So you could lock up Lucas exclusively. Uh, maybe. Okay, probably. What about you? Any chance Jake's gonna turn up by friday? Uh... sorry, buddy. But fear not. Every boy here wants to be the first pick in the draft. Oh, you think? Watch this. Thank you. Hey! Never expected the cheerleading squad to have more drama than the drama club. What did you expect from cheerleading? I don't know. It was a spur-of-the-moment decision. I'm  glad I get to see more of Nathan and you guys. I just don't know how I'm gonna balance this with doing the music thing with Chris. You're working with Chris again? Yeah, actually -- You know, for someone that wants to stay close to Nathan, spending time with the guy that drove you apart is a hell of a way to show it. Ooh, we got a door-holder at 2:00. Chivalrous and a good dresser. That's Smitty. And he shoots for the other team. Sorry. I already know who I'm drafting, but I thought you guys could use these scouting reports I put together -- every guy's stats, cross-referenced with dating histories... and stuff written on bathroom stalls. Nice! Thanks. Oh, I'm drafting the hell out of that. Absolutely. Rachel, you rock. Hi. Okay, ready? Okay, that's great. Thank you. Next. Hi. Okay. Okay, that's great. Thank you. Hi. Oh, that's great. Hold it right there. Mouth, can you do me a favor? Sure, snap away. Uh, no. Can you move out of the way? All right, ready? Okay, here we go again. Looking a little tired there, Lucas. Maybe you don't have the heart for this. What do you want? I want you to talk some sense into your mother. Tell her to drop out of the mayor's race. Why? You afraid of the competition? I would be, if there actually was a competition. Then again, blowouts are kind of fun. Just talk to her. That is, if you can catch your breath. You want to touch it? - No, I was just, um -- - Come on. Come on -- check out my assets. Touch the Skills hills. You know "Skills" got two "ls" in it, right? You're late. Kind of pushing it, aren't you? That makes two of us. I was at the library doing research, I think I figured out why you've been having trouble at practice. - Hi, Haley. - Hi! I found this web site that said sluggish physical performance is one of the side effects of the HCM medication. It's bad enough you haven't told your mom, but I really think you should talk to Whitey. I can handle it. Luke... players have collapsed and died because of this, okay? You need to tell Whitey about your heart. I don't know if I can do that. Well, I know one thing. If you don't talk to him, I will. Janis Joplin. Now, she's a great songwriter. I wonder if it's possible to un-meet a person. I was being honest, like all the great songwriters are -- like you need to be. Look, take Eric Clapton. All of his best songs came from pain and longing. "Layla" -- about his best friend's woman. "Tears in heaven" for his son. Thank you for the pep talk, but I need to get back to this if you don't mind -- No, you didn't put my name up there. Chris, that wall is for great musicians. I know. I do not belong up here. If you stop running from your emotion and start writing about it, one day you might. No morning swim today? Nope. I guess you'll be on the campaign trail all day today? That's right. Got to run. I'll bet. Mayoral election to be a Dan-slide? Did you get a look at the first election polls? It's almost like I'm running unopposed. Go away, Dan. No, no. You keep it -- my treat. I've never taken anything from you before. Why start now? Great. I can use the change for the meter. You worried, Dan? I mean, why else would you even bother coming in here? Afraid what will happen once the voters get to know me? But they won't, Karen. Think about it. Do you even have the resources to wage an effective campaign? Do you have the respect of the community? Do you -- Do you have a bathroom? So, I guess you survived Whitey's practice. Seems like he's been pretty tough on you guys. How you holding up? I can roll with it. I've been meaning to ask you the same question, though. Caught your latest podcast. I didn't realize the situation with your mom was so -- Yeah. But, you know, I can roll with it. Just as long as you know you don't have to roll solo. So, you ready for this draft thing? Yeah. Any chance I won't get picked? Um, let's see. I have the first pick -- whoo-hoo -- and then you're safe with Brooke and Bevin, but then there's the fourth pick -- your wife. Yeah. Look, if you're not ready to go on a date with Haley, I can pick you, okay, but it's your call. So you tell me. Do you want Haley to pick you? Well, well. The tortoise finally crosses the finish line. Don't you mean the hare? The tortoise finished first. You couldn't beat either one of them. Look... there's a reason I've been lagging behind, coach. I'm out of shape. I'll do whatever it takes to get it back. It's not fair to take it out on the team. They don't deserve it. If you have to take it out on someone... take it out on me. Don't worry, son. I'll take care of you. Seems I've been unfairly riding you guys a little too hard lately -- at least, according to your co-captain, Lucas Scott. So he's taking today's practice off so he can catch up on his sleepy-sleepy time. Go have a seat. While your co-captain is kicked back, enjoying a cold drink and having a mani-pedi, the rest of you are gonna work twice as hard. All right, to the sidelines -- now! Get moving! Go! Go! Go! What the hell's the matter with you, man? All right ! Let's move, move ! Hi, Haley. Hey. Hi. Um, I was just wondering -- how are things with you and Nathan? Uh... complicated. But I'm not gonna give up on him. You go, Hales. Good for you. He's a no-go, girls. Bevin, Nathan's my husband. You can't seriously be thinking of drafting him. Yeah, Bevin, you can't draft Nathan. Thanks, Peyton. 'Cause I have first pick, and I'm taking him. Look, ho-bot. This is a poser-free zone. What's wrong, Brookie? Jealous 'cause "the Keller" isn't into you? I wouldn't let "the Keller" into me if he were the la-- Oh, my god! I love your necklace. And your shoes are so fetch! I'm glad to see you girls have patched things up. Oh, yeah. We're totally "beaches." Oh, you know, if you girls refer to each other that way, the boys are gonna think it's all right to do the same. No, coach -- "beaches," like the movie. Oh. Well, carry on. "Fetch"? Yeah. You know, something a dog does. Hey, hey, how do you feel about the mathletes? 'Cause that's who you're gonna be cheering for if you don't quit cage-matching it out with Rachel. Why don't you just put the "leader" back in "cheerleader" and make peace with her? You know, Peyton, I will. Just as soon as you make peace with Haley. That's what I thought. And P.S., you cannot draft Nathan. He's Haley's. No, he was. Then she skipped town. They're married. This is bad stuff, P. Sawyer. Isn't there anybody else that you could pick? Well, yeah. There's Lucas. Oh, no. On second thought, Nathan's a great idea. So, I guess it's safe to say that you didn't talk to Whitey. It's fine. I'll tell him. Haley! Look, you don't get it. If you tell Whitey I have a heart condition, I'm off the team. Yeah. And if I don't tell Whitey about your heart condition, you're off the planet. Haley... for the longest time, I have been an outsider. When I joined this team and the guys accepted me, I became part of something, and it's something I care about. I know, Luke. I'm not gonna die if I take the pills. I just have to work hard to compensate for the medication. Luke, will you listen to yourself? The medication is supposed to inhibit your performance. That is how it saves your life. "I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul." What? William Henley, "Invictus." It's latin -- Invincible. Yeah, I know. I know the poem. I also know that William Henley didn't have a heart condition. Luke, you're not... You're not invincible! I just hope you live long enough to realize it. For your consideration. I would make an excellent sleeper pick. Ew, gross! No, it doesn't mean that. It just mean... Cookie? They're fresh-baked. Sure. - Hey! - Hi, Haley. I just want you to know that you're wasting your time drafting Nathan. You can pick him. I can't stop you. But, um, I'm not going anywhere, Peyton. Nathan and I are meant to be together. I know that. You know that. And one of these days, he's gonna know that, too. Who wants cupcakes? Has everybody seen my new wall? It's, um... it's of the French Riviera. Italian Riviera, actually. Uh, excuse me. It's my wall. Well, your wall is of the Portofino Harbor. We va-cay there every year. See? Here? That's the Splendido Mare. I met the hottest guy while staying there. So, you two bury the hatchet yet? Funny thing -- I'm about to bury it in her throat. Brooke gave it to me. So, considering I'm an honors student, how many years do you think I would get if I stabbed someone -- say, Peyton -- with, like, a... giant fork? Okay, let's not keep sharp objects around the house. I know that this whole thing with Nathan sucks for you, but right now, I need your help bringing Rachel to her knees. Yes, I know, it's ironic. Here's my plan -- I'm gonna snipe her draft pick. She needs to know what it feels like when the shoe's up the other ass. Okay. What do you need from me? And do not say my shoes. No. Rachel picks fifth. You pick fourth. I need you to pick Lucas so no one else gets him while I'm screwing her over. What about Bevin? She's third. Yeah, but she's picking Skills. We got a deal? Well, if I can't have Nathan, I might as well take Lucas. Deal. Well, well. What do you say, partner? Here's half the money for Haley's studio time. I'll get you the rest next week. You ever heard of Robert Johnson, Nate? Sure. He's a forward for the Oregon Ducks. No. Robert Johnson was a blues man back in the '30s. The story goes, he made a deal with the devil for the gift of music. Kind of like you're doing for Haley. So what, you're supposed to be the devil? No, man. I'm Robert Johnson. You're the devil. So, how's Haley doing? Not well. How are you and Haley doing? Let's get something straight. I'm here to talk about Haley and her music, not Haley and me. You still don't get it, do you? They're the same thing. Could we just pull the blinds or something? Nope. Keeps me focused on how badly I need to beat him. Yeah. I saw him today. He's not gonna make it easy on you, you know. Is that what he told you? More or less. You know, Lucas, I... I may not have the money or the connections that Dan has, but what I do have is my reputation as a good, upstanding person who raised a decent-enough son on her own. And, uh... apparently skipped the part of table manners. And that's what the voters will see. Yeah? But is it worth it? You know, if you want to change something, you have to be willing to work hard at it. But you do work hard. I mean, come on. You run two businesses. Well, sometimes when you're done working hard, you have to work a little harder. Where are you off to? To work a little harder. And now the moment everyone's been waiting for -- the first annual Tree Hill fantasy boy draft. P. Sawyer, you've got the first pick, and you are on the clock. Who's this year's first draft pick gonna be? I'll pick... Mouth McFadden. Mouth goes to Peyton! Number one draft pick, baby! Whoo-hoo! Okay Mouth! Okay, Brooke, you're next. Oh, Brooke, we need to talk. Since Peyton -- Not now, Haley. I pick Chris Keller. Ha. Chris Keller goes to Brooke. Bevin, you're next. - Uh, actually -- - There's been a trade. - What? - You said we could trade. So Bevin traded me her number three pick. And I pick Lucas. - Lucas Scott to Rachel! - But she can't -- - I pick Nathan. - Nathan Scott to Haley. Wait! - I get skills. - Skills to Bevin. - Wait! - I'll take Fede. - Narayan. - Zack. - Dustin. - Daniel. Debar. This is awesome. Everybody got who they wanted. Great idea, Brooke. Super. Bevin. What the hell was going through your size-two brain? You said we could trade. Why is she wearing my necklace? Because that was part of the trade. Okay. Why would you trade your third pick and my necklace for Rachel's fifth pick? Duh! Brooke, five... is more than three. Oh. It made total sense when Rachel explained it. Right. Hey. That's my necklace. No, it's mine. And I guess it comes with the matching boyfriend. Oh, you're not getting Lucas. Oh, really? Anyone who's caught breaking the rules will be kicked off the squad. I guess I can have your captain spot, too. I think Brooke deserves a round of applause for orchestrating this whole event. Anything else of yours I want, I'll let you know. It was great. Thank you so much. Good night. Peyton, um... I just want to say thank you for not picking Nathan. It wasn't me. It was you. It's about time you started to fight for your husband. Karen Roe claims to be a sweet, level-headed local business woman and mother. Just don't get on her bad side. Karen Roe -- you'd be "crazy" to vote for her. I'm Dan Scott, and I approve this message. It's time to go negative. Thanks for the coffee. Anytime. All right, let's move it out. Out of the night that covers me, black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be for my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance, I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance, my head is bloody, but unbowed. Beyond this place of wrath and tears looms but the horror of the shade. And yet the menace of the years finds, and shall find me, unafraid. It matters not how strait the gate... ...how charged with punishments the scroll. I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul. Trancript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss