Within the next week, each of you will videotape your thoughts. In 10 years, I'll probably be married to someone like Marvin McFadden. You all probably call him senator McFadden. I bet you're going to have it all someday. Yeah, I'm thinking of running for senator. I look back on the tour, I'm not, like, proud of it, because I know that weren't proud of me. Is that what you think? Luke, you mind if we get a few words before your first game? Yeah, we're sports announcers. Jimmy Edwards, my partner and friend. Marry me. I have cancer. I want you to be here when the album comes out. I will be here, Peyton. Ellie? So you want me to tell you something about myself. I don't have anything to say. Even if I did, you'd be wrong to believe me. Trust is a lie. Nobody ever knows anyone. You know, people think that if you love somebody hard enough, then everything's just going to work out. People are wrong. 50 years from now, I hope you got what you wanted, Haley. But getting married to you was the worst mistake of my life. Here's a little advice -- never get married. In the end, you'll only be miserable. Pretty much dated all the hot girls. Freshmen, seniors... yeah, it's good times. Currently, I'm, uh... dating Brooke Davis. What else, um, oh, yeah, this is this new girls, Anna... And to think, I was this close to cutting school today. Tim Smith, huh? Score. You're sure it's the time capsule from last year? Damn sure. Somebody uncorked it early. I don't know, coach. Looks fine here. Just getting along is kind of new to us. We'll just shut down the feed. Once we remove the door, because whoever did this broke the key off in the damn lock. I'll call the locksmith. Maybe you better call out the S.W.A.T. team. This could turn ugly. But that doesn't change the fact that I need to get closer to my father, because if I can get closer to him, maybe I can find a way to beat him once and for all... and set the people that I love free. I just hope I have the strength to tear him down for good. I'll probably be married to someone like Marvin McFadden. You guys probably call him senator McFadden, but we just call him Mouth. So if you're watching this in 2055, there really needs to be some sort of record of my body at its peak. No, wait. We have to turn this off right now. What the hell. Cut the damn power. Can somebody do something?! Somebody needs to do something. Excuse me, move! Now, if you guys are space aliens, you probably have three of these, but I haven't gotten any complaints so far. Actually, if you're aliens, you probably have eight sets of eyes, which would mean I'd have 16 boobs, which would mean my lingerie bill would be through the roof. I'm canceling classes and sending everyone home. In the meantime, find out who did this. ...Regular, futuristic kids... So you want to know what things were like 50 years ago? Well, the truth is, there's not a single person in this place worth remembering in 50 years. So don't believe any of the other crap you're hearing. Everyone at Tree Hill High is a liar. Like, I'm sure Russ Lahodnie, our all-american wrestler, who everybody thinks is this nice, respectable guy... I bet he forgot to mention the fact that he's the king of slipping girls the date-rape drug. Or miss perfect 4.0 Katie Radison? Yeah, three words -- gang bang, abortion. See, people in here are fake, so they stick to their cliques to hide it. The stoners are medicated, the honor students are afraid, and the jocks... Whoa. They're jocks, man. They'll peak at 17, and their cheerleader girlfriends will be fat and lonely by 21. L osers. Everyone here is a loser. And the truth is, every day I have to come to this school is one less day I have to come back. Attention, students, classes are canceled for the day. Please exit the school in a timely but orderly fashion. That would be a miracle, given how bad the teachers are at Tree Hill high. They all say they care, but they don't. Hey, Jim. Everything okay? You don't talk to me for a year, and now you want to be friends again? We just want to talk. Well, forget it. You just heard everything I have to say. There's probably great advances in plastic surgery, but  there really needs to be some sort of record of my body at its peak. Okay. We've got a good news/bad news situation here. What could be worse than the whole school seeing your boobs? Actually, if you're aliens, you probably have eight sets of eyes, which means... The whole world seeing them? Yeah, whoever decided to unleash the time capsule was also nice enough to upload it onto the web. Oh, my god, I'm internet porn? Some creepy guy is watching me right now? Well, I'm guessing that's not all he's doing. Ew. What's the good news? You did rank number 23 on limewire. Really? So  I'm seeing this girl, and our experience levels are a little different, you know? But even so, I'm doing something with her that I've never done before. I'm falling in love. I'm sorry, buddy. I know it's not easy to relive all this. No, it's okay. Seriously. I'm not gonna have a Jake-down. Yeah, but hearing you talk about how in love you guys were... We were in love, and it was amazing, but... seeing it and hearing it again just makes you realize how happy I was. You know, I want to be that happy again. I do, so I'm just gonna grow the hell up and focus on the good things in my life and get ready for Ellie's benefit concert, right? Ta-da! Oh, this is gonna be great. I hope so. Ticket sales haven't exactly been through the roof. What are you worried about? You sold out the last Fall Out Boy show, and this time you have Haley and Jack's Mannequin -- And more expensive benefit tickets. Okay, yes, I mean, we do have great bands, and Sunkist is being awesome by underwriting the whole event, but I'd really love to do something great for the National Breast Cancer Foundation. You know, it's for Ellie. Yeah. Anyway, I just wish there was a way to get more people's attention. Too bad I didn't put it on the time capsule. Then everybody would have seen it, right? How much do you love that your best friend's a genius? Never mind. I know how to get the word out. I just need to call Mouth. He can help. And after my whole senator comment on the time capsule, he's so thrilled with me, I think he'd donate a kidney if I asked him to. Well, yeah, but it's not like it's the first time you've ever told him that. What? Yeah, he mentioned the whole senator thing when we went on our "boy draft" date. But I never told him about it, so... ...how would he have known? Not to... change her mind or to tell her what to do, but... just to say I love you, and I'll miss you. Just to say goodbye. Great. It's gone global. Yeah, well, at least now the whole world knows all the nice things you said about me -- to go along with all the crappy things that Nathan said about me. Well, what did he say when you talked to him? I haven't talked to him yet. I know. I just don't want to pry open old wounds. Well, I think the time capsule did that for you. Which just really sucks because now I have to get up on stage and sing for this benefit. It's the worst time for all this stuff to blow up again. What'd you say to "hooter girl" when she made her topless debut? I told her she looked beautiful. Oh, god. Hey, you know what? If you get into trouble, just roll that one out. Yeah, I'll remember that. Thanks. Uh, Lucas, can we talk to you? Why? Well, Keith and I have been doing some talking, and... We're engaged. What?! That's so awesome! Well, it's about time. Oh, my god! You guys are really engaged? That's so awesome! Here's a little advice -- never get married. In the end, you'll only be miserable. Um... hi. Listen, um... about the time capsule -- Oh, you looked beautiful. Okay, I guess you had to be there -- sorry. Um, listen, I just wanted to apologize for avoiding you, avoiding this. I just really don't want to ruin how we've been lately with another fight. I know. And, look, I'm sorry about what I said on that stupid time capsule. You weren't supposed to hear that. I mean, this you wasn't supposed to hear that, not when things have been going so good for us, you know? Yeah. Um, okay. So this is the thing -- we've had some really great nights together lately, really great. But you're still living alone in this big house, and I'm still crammed in a one-bedroom with Brooke, and I just... I don't know -- I don't... maybe we're not doing as good as we think we are. Since you're the head of the media club, and being as you're the president of the student council and all-around social butterfly, I thought the two of you might know who caused all this mess. Um, no idea, coach. Classes check out the keys to the media closet all the time. Anybody could have done it. How about you, miss Davis? Any ideas? Can't think of anybody right now. I mean, what kind of horrible person would pry open people's secrets by opening up the time capsule? Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Peyton told me you're planning on running for senator? I think it's a good fit... since most politicians are liars. Is it too late for my mom to get engaged to a plumber? Better watch your smart remarks, pal. I think the engagement comes with full grounding privileges. Good to remember. But, seriously, you don't have to fix this. The disposal's been broke for over a year. We're kind of used to it. Yeah, well, it's never too late to try and fix things. So why don't you give me a hand, and tell me what's bothering you? Well... you remember Jimmy Edwards? Yeah. Why? You know how the time-capsule thing got out? His entry was... really dark. You know, he was just a completely different person. He... just ranted about how much he hates everybody. Doesn't sound like the happy-go-lucky kid who used to come to the shop and quiz me on sports trivia. What do you think made him say those things? Me. Maybe. I don't know. I haven't seen him since I... joined the basketball team. We just kind of drifted apart. Well... Voilà. There, you see? It's never too late to try and fix things. Speaking of, um... I got a little proposition for you. It's kind of off the subject, but I want you to understand that there is no wrong answer to this question, okay? Okay. Okay, look. Well, you know I love you. Okay, Keith, I know that. What's up? Well... me and your mom talked it over, and... well, if it's okay with you... I'd like to adopt you. I want you to be my son. Look, just sit with it for a while, and we'll talk about it later, okay? And, remember, there is no wrong answer. Okay. Okay, P. Sawyer, all of your concert woes are so one-trip-to-kinko's ago. Oh, what are you talking about? Are you hand-delivering me a sold-out crowd? Sort of, but it's not gonna be my hands that deliver them. Brooke, you did all this? Me and a couple of horny freshmen. Never thought I'd be able to say this, but by the end of the day, the whole town will have seen my breasts. Now my mom and I have something in common. Have I told you lately you're my best friend? What do you want, Danny? Let's go for a drive. What are you doing? Looking to see if you brought along a hacksaw and shovel. There was a time you and I could talk, Keith. Yeah, I think the last meaningful conversation we had was, "who would win in a fight -- chewbacca or the six million dollar man?" Chewbacca. Let's go. I'm telling you, he'll be here. - Hey. - Hey -- whoa. Sneaking up on us, Jim? Not hard to do when you're basically invisible. Look, man, I'm glad you came. Well, I almost didn't come, but... I figured it was the only way to get you guys not to call my house. You don't call for a year and then suddenly it's five times in a day. What's up with that? Look, it sucks that we lost touch, okay? And a lot of that's on us, but it is a two-way street. You  know, our phones didn't ring, either. Wow. I forgot how much fun this was. I'm  sorry I came. Come on, Jimmy. He speaks. What have you got, Mouth? What  words are going to make up for a year of being left behind, a year of being forgotten about? How about "I'm sorry"? It sucks, but it's a start. Look, Jim, you want a long, drawn-out explanation for why things went down the way they did? I can probably find one for you, okay? But we're here now. We want to make up for lost time. You know, we don't want to lose any more. There's a concert tonight, this cancer-benefit thing. We want you to come with us. I can't show my face around those people, not after the way I went off on the time capsule. Dude, everybody went off. Some even took things off. Look, you know what? Mouth's right, man. They're not worried about what you said. They're worried about what they said. Come on. Look, just say yes. Whatever. But if it's lame, I'm leaving. All right. Come on, man. All right, so what are we doing here, Danny? Do you remember what happened here when we were kids? Well, I remember I got to first base with Abby Hosford underneath that tree over there. I was thinking a little further back. I'll give you a hint. The Dunlap brothers. Danny Scott's lunch. No wonder you fight like a girl. Your mom sure feeds you like one! Now eat it, "Dan-iella"! Eat it, or we'll make you eat it! You first! That's what I thought. Come on. Thanks. That's what brothers do. They look out for each other. It's like those guys read a handbook on bullying. Picking fights, stealing lunches... but you stood them down, right here in this park, every other time they got into it. Yep, then you got bigger than all of us, didn't you? Back then, I knew, no matter what, you and I would always stick together. Yeah, well, that was a long time ago, Danny. I know. Think how far things have fallen for us. What do you think makes two brothers become such bitter enemies? You? You're probably right. I'll tell you what -- let me make it up to you. What is this, Danny? This is how far things have come between you and me. I put that ledger in the safe before the dealership burned. Only two things came out of that fire -- that ledger and me. And I know you didn't pull me out. I guess you had your hands full with the ledger. Well, one, anyway, since the other was holding on to a zippo. Is that what you think? No, big brother, that's what I know. You're holding on to the smoking gun. Well... don't forget what this is, Danny. This is the key to your jail cell. This ties you to years of money laundering, fraud, and embezzlement. You see, that's the thing about a smoking gun, Dan -- it doesn't care who it's pointing at. Look at you. Still carrying around all this hate, just like you've been carrying around this ledger. Well, if you don't want to go to jail... you better get rid of them both. I'm marrying Karen, Dan. I'm moving on. You should, too. I'll find my own way home. Get out! But this is my club. You and Keith are engaged? Wait, are you pregnant? No, of course not. Getting pregnant twice outside of marriage would make you... totally awesome! Um, I think that's Brooke for "congratulations." I'm sorry. Let me make it up to you. You have to let me make your wedding dress. Please, please, please. I love weddings. Yeah, um, just promise me that it'll be something more than what you're wearing on the poster. Yes. - And no feathers. - No. Oh, hey. How you holding up? I'm good. Just a few butterflies. Good. When I say butterflies, I mean, like, giant things the size of Mothra or whatever Godzilla fought. Well, you'll be okay. I got you these for good luck. You know, we should find out what those flowers are called and order some seeds or something. At the rate I've been screwing up, there's not gonna be any left to pick. Come here. I'm so proud of you, and I love you. You'll be great out there, okay? You got nothing to worry about. Except us. Hey, what's up, Tree Hill? How are you guys? First off, I really want to thank you guys for coming out tonight. Some of you may know Ellie Harp recently succumbed to breast cancer, so tonight, we remember her life by trying to save many lives, because, for every ticket you guys have purchased, you all are helping the National Breast Cancer Foundation in their fight against cancer, so give it up for yourselves. Thank you. And also give it up for Sunkist, who helped make all this happen tonight. All right, now, you guys, this next performer had leukemia, he fought leukemia, and he kicked leukemia's ass, and tonight he is here to kick yours. Please give it up for Andrew McMahon and Jack's Mannequin. You did good, Peyton. Both your moms would be proud of you. Wow. Backstage -- how great is this, man, huh? Look, I'm going to go see if I can find Haley, okay? - Okay. - All right. This is cool. Hey, um, I need to talk to Brooke for a second, okay? You sure? - Yeah, man, go. - Great. I'm sure you'll introduce me later. Brooke, you can't possibly think I could release the time capsule, that I'd smash out the cornerstone? Maybe you pretended it was my windshield. All right, here's the thing. Yes, I saw the time capsule before it was broadcast all over school, but I was only trying to do it to help someone out, someone who wanted to erase something they'd said on it. Who? I can't say. I swore I'd keep it a secret. And the time capsule wasn't supposed to be a secret? Brooke, I made a promise. Okay. Let's say you did just go in to try to save somebody from something they said. What does that have to do with my recording? Why did you have to watch my time capsule? That's what I thought. Brooke, I didn't watch enough of it to know that you took your clothes off. I didn't see anything. You think that's what I'm upset about? Mouth, there were private things on there. You violated a trust. You violated a friendship. I guess I was wrong about what I said on the time capsule. You're not the guy I thought you'd be in 20 years. Oh, my god! Did you just get backstage? Who's all back there? Oh, my god. Do you think you could get me in? Um, I don't know. I could try. Hey! Don't talk to him. That's the guy that was talking all that smack about me on the time capsule. Look, Russ, I'm really sorry -- Stay out of it! Hey! Are you all right? Leave me alone! Just forget about it. And forget about me. You know who's up next? Fall Out Boy. Yeah, I heard that band sucks, but the bass player's pretty cool. Hi, Pete. Hey, I can't thank you and the band enough for being here. It's no big deal, but thanks, and we wouldn't have missed it for the world. You know, it's a great cause, and I get to see you again. Yeah. So, be right back. I'm gonna go save the world. Did he just roll out, "got to go save the world"? Yeah. That's my line. What's up, Tree Hill? We're fall Out Boy, and we love your breasts, so make sure you take care of them. Hey, Brooke. Don't "hey, Brooke" me. What is up with you and Hottie McHottie? Who McWhat? Don't even try it. Please, the Fall Out Boy? I can spot hitting-on-you from a mile away, and you were definitely returning fire. We talked for like 10 seconds. So you move fast. You should ask him to check you for lumps. Okay, not funny. What? He's a musician. He's got to have good hands. Great. Damn it! You're the one with the pepper spray, right? Thanks for helping me out. To be honest, it really wasn't about you. I've just always wanted to pepper-spray someone. Took one to the jaw, huh? Yeah, it wasn't one. It was three. Any idea where Edwards went? No, I'm gonna see if I can find him. Well, I'll come with you. No, let me go alone. Might be better one-on-one. All right. You think we'll ever have a function in this town that doesn't end up in a brawl? Why, getting a little too "outsiders" for you? I never saw it. Well, you would have been one of the bad guys. Oh, okay. About what I said in the time capsule about Dan... Whatever, man. We're cool. Haley? Oh, hey. Under... here. What the hell are you doing? You know, just hanging out under the vanity, singing the finale to "Les Mis." Right before the first time I had to play on tour, I got really nervous, and so I ended up hiding under a desk, and I just sang that song over and over again. It was kind of the only thing that would calm me down. So I... What -- you don't have any pregame rituals? No. What are you worried about? I mean, you got the home-court advantage. You've played in front of this many people before. I know. I'm not worried about playing in front of hundreds of people. That, I could do it in my sleep. I'm scared of playing in front of one in particular. This is my first time playing out since the tour, and it's my first time playing since you and I have been us again. Then I saw your time capsule, and I just got scared. Of what? Loving it again, of you seeing me love it again. I just... I'm afraid that you're gonna think that it somehow means that I love you less. They're ready for you, miss Scott. Thanks -- Mrs. Scott. Oh. Sorry. Well, that was my cue. Don't be afraid to love it, Haley. All right? Okay. Hey. Sorry -- pregame ritual. Yeah, I bet. Great song, huh? Yeah. You're Haley's husband, right? Yeah. I'm Dallas, Epic Records. She's talented. I got to be honest, though. It's a shame she's not touring. She must really love you. Mom, Keith -- you got a second? Sure. Or should I say "mom and dad"? I would love to be your son, Keith. There's nothing else I'd want more. Hey, Jimmy, I'm trying to find you. Where are you? Call me when you get this. Are you coming back in? I got to find my friend. Why? Because he's my friend. You know, Mouth, that guy's either gonna stand on his own two feet or he's gonna fall, but he has to do it on his own. That's the scary truth, Mouth. We're all alone. Not if we have friends. But he doesn't. And if you're honest with yourself, you know there's a reason you don't hang out with him anymore. And why is that? Because you hang out with me or Brooke or Lucas. Everybody can't be popular, because if they were, nobody would be popular. I wish this time capsule had never been opened. All it's done is cause people pain. The truth usually does. How awesome was my girl? Hey! Thanks. Look, I have a confession to make. I'm scared. I didn't want to say anything to you because I know how much this means to you. And you deserve to have nights like this, but... the truth is, I'm afraid to go through all that again. Nathan, I can walk away from the music, you know? No, it's not the music, Hales. It's the rest of it. I'm -- I'm afraid to be vulnerable again with you. Look, I just don't want to be the guy on that time capsule -- not now and not 50 years from now. Hey. It doesn't mean that I don't love you... because I do. You know, if I had recorded a time capsule, there wouldn't have been one word in there about music. It all would have been about us. I'm sure of it. Just like I'm sure that I love you. And I guess... the rest we can figure out later. They need you for the encore, Mrs. Scott. Ugh, okay. Just promise me that this time, you'll be here when I get back. It's been 50 years... 50 long years... since I've done this. Looking back on what I said all those years ago, all the hopes and dreams I had... I've come to the conclusion that, if having things turn out the way you wanted them to is a measure of a successful life... then some would say I'm a failure. The important thing is not to be bitter over life's disappointments. Learn to let go of the past. And recognize that every day won't be sunny. And when you find yourself lost in the darkness of despair... ...remember that it's only in the black of night that you can see the stars, and those stars will lead you back home. So don't be afraid to make mistakes, to stumble and fall, because most of the time, the greatest rewards come from doing the things that scare you the most. Maybe you'll get everything you wish for. Maybe you'll get more than you ever could have imagined. Who knows where life will take you? The road is long, and in the end, the journey is the destination. Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss