Players have collapsed and died because of this. You need to tell Whitey about your heart. I want you to talk some sense into your mother. Tell her to drop out of the mayor's race. You afraid of competition? Just talk to her. That is, if you can catch your breath. Here's how the fantasy-boy draft works. Once you draft a guy, he is yours for the season. She picked Chris Keller, and I picked you. My date's already dressed for bed. Looks like someone's horny for a little Chris Keller. Did I mention that my designs were a total hit over at Suburban Filth. They might pick them up for a fashion line. So, she's on a date with Chris. It doe't mean anything. It does. She's the one. Haley still loves you. All you have to do is take her back. Right. Kind of like with you and Lucas. You see, it's not so easy getting back in the ring, especially with the one who knocked you out in the first place. All of the celebrity and all of the applause couldn't fill your void in my heart. Great time to be a kid, huh? Chris Keller? And Lucas actually saw? Chris Keller Chris Keller? Stop saying his name. I don't understand what happened. When Nathan and I left, you were pushing him out the door. I know. I know. I don't know. We were drinking, and I was feeling really lonely... [...] I think he may have said my shirts made his pants feel tight. Oh, god, I told you guys I was drinking, but he said a lot of other things. And... Haley, don't look at me like that. You know how charming he can be. He didn't, um... He didn't sing to you, did he? Oh, my god. You guys, I'm a groupie. Okay, have you talked to Lucas? He won't answer my calls. I mean, I'm not gonna leave a pathetic apology on his answering machine. I'm sorry. Sorry. Lucas is never gonna talk to me again. Chris Keller always springs for breakfast. Oh. You have company. I guess we'll have to share. Why are you making me walk? You need to clear your head, leave the scene of the crime. Besides, we have less of a chance of Chris Keller finding us if we're moving targets. Okay, come on. I know you think I'm not trying to help, but I am, okay? I just -- I don't know what to say. I haven't exactly been miss sunshine for the past 17 years. You've always been the silver-lining girl. That was before it was raining men in my apartment. I really, really messed up, Peyton. You made a mistake, okay? We all make them. Not like this. Okay, Lucas told me he wanted to be with me. It couldn't be easier than that. I don't know why you're being so hard on yourself. It's not like you cheated on the guy. You guys aren't even officially dating. Another brilliant idea from yours truly. Brooke, it's done, okay? You can't change it, but you can fix it. So just go and talk to him. He might be more understanding than you think. He's not exactly a stranger to mistakes. I can't talk to him, Peyton. But maybe you would. Me? You're good with words and pain and Lucas. Please, Peyton? Fine. I'll talk to him. Thank you. I love you. Yeah, yeah. No promises, okay? And you know what? In the meantime, keep yourself busy. Don't sit around and feel sorry for yourself, okay? Deal. I want to go by Suburban Filth anyway. At least I have my clothes. Bet you wish you could have said that last night, huh? Too soon? Just a little. Okay. Sorry. What? You're here to kick my ass because I slept with Brooke? You slept with Brooke? Why else would you be here? I came to pay for Haley's studio time. You  slept with Brooke? I like to think of it as sleeping without the sleep, but, yeah, until Lucas interruptus walked in. You gonna keep doing this evil crap your entire life? What's so evil about it? Two kids having fun -- it's cool. No, it's not cool if other people's feelings are involved. No, it's still pretty cool. When you were messing with Haley kind of cool? No. Come on, see -- that's different. Brooke's not Haley. Plus, you don't even like Lucas, do you? It's not about Lucas. It's about you. You went out of your way to take advantage of a girl who obviously has feelings for somebody else... again. I didn't go that far out of my way. Besides, how do you think I feel? I broke my cardinal rule about sleeping with cheerleaders. I don't, unless there's at least three of them. I'm kidding. Don't worry about Brooke. She's not even my type. I like singers. I like to think of that as hitting you... ...without the hitting. You didn't even give me my money. All right, it's morning on the hill, and we're talking local politics. Our guest today is mayoral candidate Karen Roe. Hello, Karen, and thanks for being here. Tell us about yourself. Sure.  Um, I was born and raised in Tree Hill, where I have two local businesses. I went to school at Tree Hill High, and I have a son who's about to graduate from there, as well. Great. Now, tell our voters why they should vote for you over your opponent, Dan Scott. Because this town and the people here matter to me. I find that some people care more about being a leader than they do about the people they're leading. And I'm a big fan of the Tree Hill Ravens. Go, Ravens! Whoo! All right. Let's take some calls. Our first caller is Keith. He's an unemployed mechanic from Tree Hill. Keith, hello, and you're on the air. Yes, I have a question for Mrs. Roe. I'm sorry. I meant miss Roe. That's right. You're not married. What do you think about the fact that your business partner is supporting your opponent? Yes. That is true. Ironically, my business partner is married to my opponent, so I will have to forgive her her misplaced vote and her lack of taste. Luckily, she has a better head for business than she does for relationships. Speaking of relationships, didn't you have a child out of wedlock? Right. Well, I like to think of it as a single parent who is raising her child to be a responsible man, unlike the boy who fathered him. Well said. All right. Let's move on. What are you, 8 years old? Oh, right. This coming from a woman who cut the ass out of all my pants. Too bad the one in my life won't go away. Good one, Deb. Before you start getting all high and mighty -- or, in your case, just high -- maybe you should think about the deal we made. You're supposed to be supporting me in public. You wouldn't want me going against our little bargain, would you? What could you possibly do to me that you haven't already done? Who said anything about you? Hey. Just wanted to see how the star player was doing the day before his first game. Like a rock. Attaboy. Well, Bear Creek is weak this year. Lot of scouts will be there, though. How's the knee? Like a rock. Good. Anything else bugging you? Just you. I should have seen that one coming. Yeah. This doesn't feel like we're getting out, mom. It feels more like we're staying. Brooke, you've got a real eye for fashion. Your designs are gonna be a hit. That is so great. You have no idea how much I needed good news right now. So, I mean, what do I do from here? Well, I think you're scheduled for the afternoon shift tomorrow. No, I mean what's next with my clothes? When do I get paid? How much do I get paid? And do I need to, like, design my own label or put together a hot fashion show? Brooke, I thought you understood. Since you work for the company, any designs and profit that you made for the store belong to the store. You signed a waiver when you took the job. That doesn't mean I read it. This  is not fair. These are my designs. They're mine. I get squat? No. You get the satisfaction of having designed something exclusively for Suburban Filth, and of course, your 10% employee discount. Painting while angry? That's original. Like cutting your hair. I'm guessing you don't want to talk about it. Good guess. Well, for what it's worth, Brooke feels awful. To be honest with you, Peyton, right now, that's not worth too much. Okay. I know you're upset. No, not really. I'm more... disappointed than I am upset. Luke, Brooke made a mistake, okay, kind of like we did, and she forgave us. She has a really funny way of showing it. But you know what? She made it perfectly clear that we are non-exclusive. I made the mistake of thinking we were meant to be with each other. I won't make that mistake again. You, dude, did you hear? A bunch of the guys on the team are gonna get tattoos after school. Since when? I thought we were just shaving our heads. Yeah, you're the first to hear about it, but it was my idea. It's pretty dope, huh? It's stupid. Yeah, it is. It's crazy stupid! Got a question, Smith? Hey. I thought about it, and you're right. I'm gonna talk to Brooke. - Hey, Brooke -- - Okay. You know what? She  has never missed a game day, so she must be in pretty bad shape. She won't be allowed to cheer at the game tonight. Nothing really to cheer about anyway. Oh! Ooh! Old coach guy. Coach Durham, and shh! - Okay, fine, but -- - But what? Well, actually, what I was gonna say was, why don't you have Nate cut hard to the strong side, Brandon screen away on pressure release, and that'll free up Lucas on the wing. I said "shh!" You know, actually, that's not bad. Dude, do not leave me hanging. Tattoos after school. What do you think? I think it's still weird that you're a cheerleader. Purple  flowers, huh? It looks great, Haley. So do you. Yeah. Whitey's new rules -- ties on game day, run till you puke. Won't that ruin the tie? I'm gonna take off. I know you have to focus on the game, but this is just mandatory. You're gonna do great tonight. We'll see. Nice locker. Surprise -- guess who decorated your locker. Let me guess -- you or Tim. Well, after our so-called date, I thought you might like it. It's very you. Could be worse -- could say "dyke." Hey, you seen Brooke? Just this morning. She was late. Guess late turned into never. What, she skip? Normally, I wouldn't think twice about it, but it's the first game day of the season. She lives for this. Has she talked to Lucas yet? No. But we have to figure out a way to make her. We? You want my help now? Why so surprised? You are the resident expert on making things better after royally screwing them up. That was a joke. Any ideas? Yeah, there might be one thing. For anyone just tuning in, mayoral candidate Dan Scott is here with his lovely wife, Deb. Good to see you. Thanks for joining us. Maybe you'd like to tell our listeners a little about yourselves. Well, I think most people in Tree Hill remember me from my days in basketball -- either that or driving around in their cars, courtesy of  Dan Scott Motors. But my platform is simple, Dave -- family values. It all starts at home with good parenting, loving relationships. Deb, sweetie, is there anything you'd like to add? "Dan is everything to me. I trust him with my heart, I trust him with my son, and I definitely trust him with this town." "There is no better candidate for mayor." Well, that was beautiful, Deb. I think I'm gonna cry. Me too. Is that Lucas Scott, star player of the Tree Hill Ravens? How about Lucas Scott, star chump of the Tree Hill cheerleaders? You want to talk about it? Not much to talk about. The girl that I thought was the one for me went out of her way to prove that she wasn't. The girl being Brooke Davis? Am I that obvious? About as obvious as a black door on the side of my house. Sorry about that. Oh, Lucas. Look, it's her loss. There are a ton of girls out there that would be lucky to have you. I'll make sure to tell those girls my mom said so. I'm serious. You know, a customer once told me that the best way to get over someone was to get under someone else. Oh, my god. I just realized what that meant. Oh, my god. I thought it was more philosophical -- you know, get to know them. Don't get under them. - Mom -- - Scratch that. I know that you're going through a rough time, but you have the game tonight, and basketball always makes you feel better -- well, that and cake. That was when it was fun. Don't let your heart get in the way of the one thing you love most. Just do your best. It's gonna be okay. Just step away from the cake. You have too much to live for. Like what? We missed you at school today. I couldn't handle it. You guys, how am I gonna face Lucas if I can't even face a locker he decorated for me? Just tell him how you really feel, Brooke. Nobody in this town deals with their problems head on. Why would he care? Because he cares about you, Brooke. But all he ever hears about is being non-exclusive, and all he ever sees is boys on your wall and in your bed, and that's not how you spent your summer, Brooke. The real way you spent it is locked away under your bed and the letters you wrote to Lucas. You told her about my letters? I can't believe you didn't tell me. I didn't tell her. She Winona Ryder-ed them from under the bed. Okay, all right. Not the point. The point is you need to stop hiding. Just talk to Lucas. Wow. You're really good when you play against, uh, nobody. Whoa, where's the fire? What do you want, huh? How about a quick game of one-on-one? Yeah, I'll pass. Good answer. And that's exactly what I want you to do tonight -- pass the ball... to Nathan. Mental note -- Nathan's daddy wants me to pass it to him. Yeah. How's the heart? Medication slowing you down? Don't worry about it. Is that what you told Whitey? Oh. You haven't told him yet. Well, I can see why. If he knew one of his players could drop dead at any minute, he wouldn't let him play. I can't see any reason why he'd need to know... as long as you do what I tell you and pass the ball... to Nathan. Oh, missed again. - Hey, I'm -- - Chris Keller. No need to introduce yourself, son. Come on in. Little gift for the wife. You know, it's nice to meet you. I'm practically your biggest fan. You have good taste in music. Music? No. I'm a fan of how you screwed up my son's marriage. You see, you accomplished with one kiss what I was trying months to do. Nice work. What can I say? I'm a good kisser. You remind me a lot of myself. Maybe I know your mother. So, you took Nathan's wife. Now what do you want? And if you say mine, be my guest. Nah. I mean, she's definitely a milf. But  for now, I just need the $500 Nathan owes me. $500? Well, since I'm my son's bank, do you mind telling me what I'm paying for? Haley's studio time. Nathan's idea -- I'm helping her record again. Still my biggest fan? I didn't realize I was producing her next album. Actually, I am, but I could see how you'd want to. It's gonna be really good. Make sure you thank me in the liner notes. Hey, Chris. Before you go, maybe you want to talk about making some real money. Heard about what happened saturday night. And? And if all this stuff about Brooke is gonna make you play any worse, you should just take yourself out of the game right now. Thanks for your concern, but how about you mind your own business? The game is my business, all right, and I don't want you screwing it up over some chick. You want to talk? Yeah, I am. See, my game's gotten better. Your game sucks. Fix it. Your marriage sucks. Fix it. I'll tell you what -- I'll give you the same brilliant advice you gave me when Chris kissed Haley. Just forgive her, man. She loves you. Doesn't help much, does it? Good evening, and welcome to the sold-out start of what could be the greatest season ever for the Tree Hill Ravens. If you're a fan of Ravens basketball, it's got to be killing you not to be here tonight. We'll head to the locker room, where I'll get a word with the players before the game. And I'm gonna hide inside the locker room to get a look at them after. Gigi Silveri, ladies and gentlemen. Well, well. Shut up. I can't believe you were with Brooke. Are you jealous? I swear, I thought about you the whole time, Haley. You're a jerk, Chris. Careful -- that's what Brooke said right before we hooked up. Hey, what's up, blondie? Thanks for picking me up. Yeah, no problem. You needed a ride, I got to slap Chris -- win/win. I can't believe you did that. Sometimes I feel like you want to slap me. Look, I know I've been a bitch. You haven't been that bad. Please. Brooke's been calling me Peyton Marie Sawyer. PMS. I'm just -- I'm so tired of everyone leaving, you know? They all have really great reasons, but it still hurts. So I guess I've been taking out all my anger on you because you're the only one who's come back. Welcome home. Thanks. Nice. I don't get it. Three cheerleaders. God loves Chris Keller. You're Rachel, right? You just made my to-do list. You're on mine, too, under "make fun of pathetic old guys combing high schools for girls." I don't talk to losers. Oh, you made an exception with Lucas, then. You're the Rachel he's using to make Brooke jealous. Oh. Have fun with that. Bye. Sorry. Dude, check this out. Nice tramp stamp, Tim. I don't know what's worse -- the fact that you got a tattoo above your ass or that it's of a naked baby angel. It's a cherub. What'd you get? Just shaved head, Tim, that's it. Put your clothes back on, Smith. I was just showing Nathan that I got my number, 55, tattooed on my back to support the team, coach. Oh, well, that's too bad because now you're number 0. All right, gather around. Usually, before the first game of the year, I tell my players to get out there and do your best. I tell the seniors that this is the last year they'll play as Ravens, so make the most of it. Well, that's all true, except this year, there's one difference. When you leave, I'll be leaving, too. At the end of this season, I'm retiring. Now, you boys have worked harder than any team that I've ever coached. You've got the talent and the desire to be the best team I've ever coached. I know it. You know it. Now it's time to make everybody else know it. So I want you to go out there and start this season like champions because that is how I intend to end it. Let's go. Hey. Now if you screw us, you screw Whitey, too. Starting for your Tree Hill Ravens, at point guard, number 0, Tim Smith. At center, number 32, Jabar Kelley. At power forward, number 12, Brandon Roth. At shooting guard, co-captain, number 3, Lucas Scott. And finally, co-captain and last year's league high scorer, at small forward, number 23, Nathan Scott. And now, to sing our national anthem, straight off his tour, Tree Hill's own Chris Keller. Thank you, Tree Hill. This goes out to all your girlfriends. You know who you are. I hate that guy. # Oh, say can you see # # By the dawn's early light # Where the hell have you been? You know we need to make an entrance as a couple. Oh, sorry, Dan. I was cleaning upshards of glass from the vase that fell off a door and nearly killed me. Well, as long as you're okay. I'm more than okay. According to the radio, Karen's making quite a comeback in the polls. Apparently, a lot of people think you come across as egotistical. Imagine that. Maybe she'll win after all. That vase must have hit you pretty hard. Now, stick out your chest and try and look pretty. The public's waiting. Aw, yeah, it's Tim time up in here, baby. Hey, quit looking at Chris Keller. We already know he can score. Scott having a little bit of trouble. He's not looking too good right now. Oh, he's looking good. I'm open, Nathan! Ball! Ball! Best pick you made all night. Well, you can forget that undefeated season, folks. The Ravens have lost their first game. Well, so much for an undefeated season, huh, ladies? Get out of here, dad. It's not your locker room anymore. Just find a job as a janitor. 16 points, Nathan -- impressive. The Scouts are thrilled, especially the deaf and blind ones. What a joke. You're all a joke. And it seems my mistake is the punch line. You're the punch line, dad. Get out of here, Danny. Just a little father-son chat, Whitey. You get out of here right now before they have to carry you out. 0-1. Keep up the good work. Practice, 5:00 a.m. sharp. Now hit the showers. You guys stink. Luke. Hey, can I get a ride? Yeah, let's go. Let me be the first to say great game. I am the first, right, because, I mean, wow. You guys really sucked. My head wasn't in it. I know. It was in Brooke's bedroom, watching her ride Chris Keller. You heard about that. I'm not one of those people who likes to say "I told you so," Lucas. Yeah. Who am I kidding? I love it. I told you. You need to move on, Lucas. To what, Rachel -- you? To whatever makes you happy. But do it now. Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain. Take advantage of what's right in front of you. I'm not hooking up with you tonight, Rachel. That is not even what I'm talking about. And it's me who's not hooking up with you, and it's also me who's not gonna be used to make Brooke jealous anymore. I'm better than that, and I know it. And you can figure it out, too, on your long walk home. Look, Rachel, come on. Out you go. See you at school. Well, that doesn't look like the face of someone who had a good talk with Lucas. Then it's a fitting face for me. Didn't go well? It didn't go. He left with Rachel. I'm sorry, Brooke. Why am I like this, Peyton? How come I only realize what I want when I don't have it anymore? Lucas didn't realize what he had when you two were together. People are like that sometimes. Rachel's not. She knew she wanted Lucas, and she got him. She's probably gonna take my squad from me, too. No. Hey, nobody can take anything from you unless you let them. Really? Tell that to the thieves at Suburban Filth. Yeah, about that -- let's go see our filthy friends at the mall. No way. Those are the last people I want to talk to right now. Not exactly what I had in mind. Hey. You did a good job tonight. What game were you watching? The game where you had the entire team guarding you and you still made like 30 points. 16, Haley. The whole team only had 39. Well, it's almost half. Plus, I gave you more 'cause your shots were really hard. That should totally be a rule. - It doesn't work that way. - Well, it should. Thank you. Did you wait out here for me? Yeah. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. Are you? Not really. But I do this thing when I play like crap where I walk home alone and try to let go of it along the way. Okay. Call me later if you want to talk or... Okay. Hey, what do you think you're doing? Taking my clothes back. You can keep the naked manikins. - That's stealing. - Oh, really? Like kind of what you did to me? Just think of it as me getting my 10% discount 10 times in a row. Nice math. Hi, mayor Roe. You might be the only person who will ever call me that. I wouldn't be so sure. Not very mayoral, is it? Robert Louis Stevenson wrote, "you cannot run away from a weakness. You must fight it out or perish. And if that be so, why not now and where you stand?" Transcript: Raceman - Synchro: Amariss