And a raven right before battle promises victory. Good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome Tree Hill Raven’s basketball, brought to you by web cast at Ravenshoops.com. I’m Mouth McFadden and the playoffs are finally here, so throw out the perfect record, if the raven’s lose this one, the season is over. Tonight’s obstacle is Masonboro. If you win, you’re one step closer to a state championship, and undefeated season and greatness. Lose, and be losers. You know, all this working out doesn’t mean anything if you can’t hit the shot. What’s wrong with you? I’m just saying, it’s a waste of my time to get you ready for this game if you can’t score when we need it. Huh. Give me the ball. Now, you going to tell me what’s really wrong? I guess... I guess I’m just dealing with Haley. She’s still not talking to you, huh? No. Don’t think I haven’t noticed your part in all this. You know, Haley, if you’re going to manipulate him, you should aim a little higher. And remember, pay back is hell. Oh...by the way, nice tattoo. Real classy. Just moments away from the beginning of this playoff game. Winners advance. To the losers, well, their season is over. Dan Scott is standing in for coach Whitey Durham who is out with an illness. Not sure who signed off on that one, but let’s hope Coach Durham gets well soon. Really, Deb, tears. On the eve of our divorce. No, actually, I was sitting here having second thoughts. Until I considered what a hideous monster you’ve been for most of our married lives. Well since we’re frolicking down memory lane, let’s take a stroll back to the campus the night you told me you were pregnant. You know I came to you that night to tell you I had made a decision. I was leaving school at the end of the semester. Because of your fictional knee injury. No. No, Deb, that’s just what I told you. I was leaving because there was a girl I left behind. A girl who was carrying my child. And a girl that I loved very much. Karen. But when I told you I was leaving you told me you were pregnant. I didn’t know you were leaving for Karen. I know. All you knew is that I would do right by you and Nathan. Which is something I’ve tried to do every day since then. And if that makes me a monster, then so be it. You alright? Have you seen Haley? No. Nathan, you’re soaked. What are you doing? I just went for a run to clear my head, I guess this is where I ended up. Look, Haley, the picture of Peyton didn’t mean anything, okay? It did to me. Clearly you still have feelings for her. I saved that picture back when we were still dating. The other ones too, you can go back and look. Her web cam hasn’t even been in her closet for months. Why didn’t you tell me that last week? Because, I should have deleted those images a long time ago. I just felt bad because I didn’t do it. Besides, Haley, I don’t want Peyton. I want you. Is that it? You know, my pride says yeah, that’s it. Just walk away and let Haley deal with the fact that she’s clearly threatened by a sexual relationship. But my heart says, just forget about your pride you idiot. You love this girl. And even if you’re going to catch pneumonia, your ass is going to stand out here in the rain till you convince her to forgive you. So come on, Hales, just meet me half way here? Why should I? Because I’m sorry. Because I love you. And Because you’re looking really hot standing out here in the rain, and I’m thinking, I have to kiss you. Well, if you have to. Hey. Hey. This is your night, this is your gym. Take no prisoners. Hands in. Let’s win this one for Whitey. Hey, forget the old man, you win it for yourselves. Come on boys! When are we going to lose? 1...2...3...Nevermore! Hey, there’s no name on your jersey. Yeah there is. Right there. So Ravens take the floor and we’re all set to go. Listen... I talked to my mom. And I guess I’m sorry for resenting you for not wanting to be in my life. I didn’t know you wanted custody. I also never said thank you for rescuing me from the accident. You should be on the floor by now for practice. Go run 21 sprints. You better watch that bad shoulder. You better watch the score board. Here we go, ravens fans, the playoffs are underway. Ravens control the tip, Nathan Scott brings it up court to the pride of his hometown crowd. I’ll tell you, there’s a lot of love in the air tonight. That seat’s reserved for my friend Peyton. You’re  friend, huh? As far as she knows. So where is Jake, Brooke? Buy me a drink and maybe I’ll tell you. Early in the second quarter, this Masonboro team,  big underdogs, are giving the ravens all they can handle. - All night, baby, all night. - Shut up, you little punk. It could be the time away, or maybe Dan Scott’s influence, but whatever the reason, the players have dug themselves a whole and they’re looking at a long road back. Did you even love me, Karen? Keith,  I do love you. Not like that. I don’t know how to answer that. You don’t know how to, or you don’t want to? Keith, I don’t want you to leave like this. It’s a little late for that. But at least let’s tell the truth. Okay? I’m not leaving for a job or some fresh perspective or because I wanted to get out of this town. I’m leaving because I can’t look at you anymore without my heart breaking. How many serious relationships have you had since Dan? I’ll tell you. None. Why are you doing this? Karen, it was a dark day when you said no to my proposal. But, you know, I can live with that. I don’t need you to love me. But you got to open up your heart to somebody. You got to let someone discover how staggering you are. Just don’t be alone, that I can’t live with. The ravens grab the rebound and push it up court. Tim Smith passes to Lucas Scott, over to Nathan Scott for the slam! I see the Ravens are finally working together. Go ravens! You know you can trust me. Brooke, it’s really important to me that Nikki never finds out where Jake took Jenny. I know it’s important to you, Peyton. That’s why you can trust me with this. But she still hasn’t told you? No, but she will. She thinks we’re tight again. Not that I care, but, you must really hate Peyton to betray her trust like this. Yeah, well, she’s got it coming. If Jake and Jenny meant anything to her, she’ll know what it feels like to have her heart crushed, won’t she? Fine by me. Coming up on half time and Ravens continue the lead. Lucas Scott with the ball that leads to Nathan. Caw! The birds have taken flight. They look a lot sharper now, but something tells me Masonboro isn’t going away. You okay, mom? I am having a problem letting you go. You’re just a kid, Luke. Part of me says that you are too young for this, I know I’m too young for it. You know this isn’t about me wanting to leave you, right? Because it’s not. Then what is it about? Explain it to me again, why you want to leave. Do you remember when I first joined the team? You know, the boosters treated you poorly. You wanted them to see who you’d become. And they could only see who you used to be. Or at least who they thought you were. I need a chance to start over. And I don’t want Keith to be alone either. At least for a little while. I told him he could join you in Charleston. I want you to know, I’ll protect him with my life this time. I know you will. Other wise I wouldn’t allow it. No one’s ever asked me if I would ever trust you again. And you need to know that if this was anybody else I wouldn’t let him go. That means a lot to me. I guess I should go then. I’m sorry, Keith. Me too. - Want a towel? - Yes. - Well that was a nice walk. - Yeah. What? Haley. No, it’s okay. It’s okay. The ravens lead a close one by two as we come up on half time. Daniel Lawrence gives it to Tim who dribbles out top. Luke breaks free on the wing, puts up a three pointer, release rotation, splash, ravens lead it by five. Time for score at half time, ravens 34 and bears 39. This is web cast at ravenshoops.com. Wow. Masonboro just hit Lucas Scott with a cheap shot. Nathan comes to his defense and things are getting ugly as the refs hurry back to the floor to try and break up a brawl. Lucas Scott is still down protecting his bad shoulder. So Jake went to Savannah? He’s got family there. I don’t know if we would have been anything, you know, but I really loved Jenny. And I worry about them. I’m glad you told me, Peyton. You know I’m here for you. I know you are. What if we’re not good together? - What if it drives us apart? - It won’t. Look, Haley, I want to be with you. And if you don’t want to be with me, I guess I understand, but, this isn’t going to change anything. Tonight then. After the game. Already making plans for after the game, boys? Because this is a joke! You  guys are up five points, you should be up fifty points. Oh and while you have your heads up your asses, why don’t you take a whiff of how you’ve been playing. Tim, turnovers. Nathan, focus. Hey, come here. How are we doing? Coach, we should get him x-rayed. I think he’s done for the night. Whoa, whoa. Are you sure? Well I can’t be sure without the x-ray. But if he were my kid, I wouldn’t risk it. And considering the rehab- Hey. How you doing? It just feels a little weird. What’d the doc say? He said you’d be fine. But if you want to sit out, I can’t make you play. But your teammates are counting on you. I’ll be fine. Good man. Kid says he wants to play, doc. But I’ll tell you what, as soon as the game’s over, we’ll get him an x-ray, okay? You good, man? Good. Cause all this means nothing if you can’t knock down that shot. Do you know about my dad’s state championship game? Yeah, Whitey benched Dan. Not exactly. That’s Whitey’s story. See, they were leading, and Whitey wanted to go into a stall. My dad didn’t want to, so at the end of the game, with everything on the line, he sat down. Refused to go back into the game. Really? Yeah. The way my dad sees it, he lost the game, but won the argument. I couldn’t do that to my teammates. Yeah, me neither. Although if we lose this game, I’m going back to hating you. Well, it’s the Scott boys. Together. My eyes really must be screwed up. Hey, coach. We wanted to catch you before you went to the hospital. Glad you did. How’s practice going with Danny? The same as with you. It sucks. Well, coach, the players, we all signed this ball for you. Sort of a get well card. You know, I’ve been around this game practically my whole life. And there’s never been a day that I was as gifted as either one of you. Remember that. Don’t let Danny take that from you. You boys play with your whole hearts. You take your shots, no regrets. Reverse lay up by the ravens for another two. Nathan and Lucas Scott have taken over, keeping the ravens in close, but it may be too little too late as Masonboro leads it by five, time running out in the forth. Oh man, I’m scared. Lucas! Luke, I’m scared. Luke, this is so not cool. Come out here right now, Lucas Scott. Damn it, Haley. You’re going to kill me. You know Houdini died like that. You deserve it, dumb ass. I told you, I didn’t want to take this shortcut. What are you whispering for? Because. Haley, these people, they’re dead. I know, but if you keep yelling, the stinking zombies are going to hear us. Haley. - What? - Look, I’ve got to tell you something. What is her name and what did you do that you regret? I’m going to Charleston with Keith. Alright, for how long? For good. I’m moving there. What are you talking about? Keith got a job in Charleston. And I’m going to go live with him there, after the season’s over. Haley, I need to go. - Come no, don’t do that. - Don’t do what?! You can not bring me out in the middle of a creepy cemetery and tell me that you are leaving Tree Hill for good, that is not fair! Haley, come on, it’s not that far. I’ll still see you. Not like now. Who’s going to go thrift store hunting with me, Lucas? Who’s going to buy bad music or lie to the campus lost and found and claim dumb stuff? Who’s going to do that with me? Nathan. And me, too. Once and a while. Look, I’ve thought a lot about this, Haley. Okay? And I feel like I can be a better person if I go now. I am sure going to miss you. You’re my best friend, Hales. You always will be. Idiot. Come here. You okay? No, I’m scared again. No going back now, folks. This is it. Down by two, less than a minute on the clock. The ravens need a stop. You got anything left in that shoulder? A little bit. Come on, man. Let’s take this thing. Masonboro inbound, full court pressure by the ravens with under 20 seconds. - No fouls! - Dan Scott calls for no fouls. Time is running out and he wants the birds to make a play. At half court, Lucas Scott pokes the ball free. Nathan Scott grabs it and time out. A sensational steel. The Ravens have it, down by two, 12 seconds left in the game. Okay,  bring it in. Bring it in. Look at me, look at me. Who out there is scared? Who’s scared? Cause if you’re scared you sit your ass on this bench I don’t want you on that court. Nathan, look at me. Get the ball in your hands, okay? Hold the ball tough till there’s five seconds left on the clock then you bang inside and tie this thing up. - But they’re going to double him. - I don’t care if they put five guys on him, Tim! Listen to me, five seconds, okay? Then you shove it down their throats. Great players make great plays, Nathan. Hands in. Let’s go. Win it on 3. 1...2...3.. Win it! Hey, it means nothing if you can’t knock down the shot. So the Ravens break the huddle. 12 seconds left on the clock. They need a basket to tie, a three pointer to win, or their season is over. The standing room crowd is on their feet. Lucas Scott will throw it in. He does safety. Finds Tim Smith who immediately swings it to Nathan Scott. We’re at eight seconds. Now seven. Nathan works out top. Five seconds on the clock. Now four. He spins to the basket. Then passes to Luke for a three pointer and the win! Nice work, ladies. Undefeated regular season, conference champs and all for nothing. Look at me, Nathan. Cause I want to see your face when you explain to me why you didn’t run the play I told you to. Take off that jersey, you don’t deserve to wear it. None of you do! Do you have an answer for me yet? Because I can wait, I have no where else to be. And you don’t either, you want to know why? Because your season is over! Why did you disobey me and pass to Lucas when you knew... When I knew what, dad? That Lucas shouldn’t have been in that game because of his injury? Because we both knew that, didn’t we? Watch it. I should have hit the shot. - It’s my fault. - You’re damn right it’s your fault. You let your teammates down. Teammates you shouldn’t have had in the first place, by the way. At least he took a shot. Unlike you. - What did you say to me? - You heard what I said. I said at least he took a shot. That’s more than you did, right dad? I wouldn’t go there if I were you, Nathan. Why not? You’re talking about letting down our teammates. Lucas was there all game. He played in pain with an injury you knew about. But he wasn’t a coward like you were. Tim, go get security. Tell them my son has been beaten to death. We played hard. And we lost. We have nothing to be ashamed of. Except maybe our coach. No regrets. It was a tough loss. Well if it isn’t the Fredo of the family. How’s that employment line, boozie? I just came by to let you know that I’m leaving. Really? So what’d you do with the ring? I mean if you’re finally leaving town after all these years that means you proposed to Karen, and she said no. So what’d you do with the ring? I’m driving it. ‘89 Land Cruiser. I could have given you a better deal. Well, I’ll consider that your goodbye. Keith. Yeah? Never mind. - Hey. - Hey. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. I’m leaving tomorrow, Haley. Already? Yeah. Okay. Hey. It’s okay. No it’s not, I really wanted to spend your last night with you, but Nathan’s waiting. Hey, go. I’ve got to get my shoulder checked out anyway. I’ll find you before I leave tomorrow, okay? I’m really going to miss you, Luke. I’ll miss you, too. Okay, bye. - Hey. - Sorry about the game. Yeah. Hales, don’t cry. - Haley, we don’t have to do this tonight. - No, no I want to. More than ever. You sure? Yeah. No regrets. Hey. Hey. I told you I’d help you burn Dan’s stuff if you wanted. Normally I sit with Whitey after every home game, win or lose, so I hope you don’t mind. You leaving tomorrow? Yeah. Yeah. With Lucas. You know, the first time I left Dan, I still believed that I could get out. I’d just pack my things and escape to a new life. But you can’t. You just put a new face on the same loneliness. What happened to us, Keith? How did we become so broken? We fell in love. And at some point, the people that we loved forgot to love us back. Well I’m sorry your season’s over, Lucas, but even if the team would have won, your season is over anyway. No basketball. Maybe you shouldn’t go. I mean with your shoulder and everything. Mom, it’s time. I’m going to go see Whitey, okay? Hey, coach. Don’t tell me. You lost at the buzzer. They doubled Nathan and you missed a wide open look. Web cast. Ravenshoops.com. Well it was a good look. Let it go. Doc says this eye thing might be a little more complicated than they thought it was. Coach, you’re going to be okay, right? We’ll see. Look, I just wanted you to know, that I really appreciate everything you’ve done for me. You believed in me. And for that I will always owe you. You want to do me a favor? Sure. Take care of Keith. He’s a good man. So are you, coach. Damn it. Question. Who is sexy, talented, and knows where Jake is? Oh I know, it’s me. So where is he? Tell you what. I’ll play you for it. You beat me, I’ll tell you where he went. I don’t want to play games, Brooke. Just tell me where Jake took Jenny. So that’s it, huh? Betrayal of Peyton complete. How does it feel? It feels like you should be gone by now because you got your information. You know, Brooke, you should really try to be a better person. No body likes a bitch. Was that Nikki you were talking to? Yeah. I told her where Jake went. And she bought it, just like we planned. It’s going to be a long road trip to Seattle. I told you, Peyton, I’m here for you. I know you are. Look, it’s not what it looks like. No? Because it looked like you were having sex with my wife. Unless of course you both tripped and fell. Your clothes fell off and somehow you ended up on top of her. What I mean is, this hasn’t been going on, okay? It just happened. You listen to me, you son of a bitch. Those are the last words you’re ever going to speak to me. You are no longer my brother. You understand that? You do not exist to me. I told you if you missed that shot it was all for nothing. I was wrong. I figured I’d find you out here. Word is you’re leaving town. Yeah. I’m just meeting the guys to say goodbye. You leaving because of the game? Nah. Keith needs to be with someone right now. I need a change. I figured since the season’s over, it’s time. Plus, I know I’m leaving Haley in good hands. I got to tell you, man. I never thought, when we played that one on one game, that I’d end up back here, feeling like this. Like what? Like I’m going to miss you. You’ve got to do what you feel. I actually wish you weren’t going to leave. Because you’re one hell of a basketball player. And because you’re my brother. Take care of yourself, man. You take care of Haley. I’ll miss you too, little brother. You all set? Yeah, almost. Come here, I want to talk to you a minute. I know you’re searching for things, Lucas. And I hope with all my heart that you find the answers to your questions. But the answers that you’re looking for are closer than you think. They’re in your heart. And in the hearts of those who love you. And that is right here. At home. In your life you’re going to go to some great places, and you’re going to do some wonderful things. But no matter where you go, or who you become, this place will always be with you. There is only one Tree Hill. And it’s your home. I love you, my boy. I love you, too. It looks like a beautiful morning. It’s perfect. Let’s do something great today. We have your test results. Dan! Can you hear me? Deb, you better hope I die. Hey, is Haley here? - I promised her I’d see her before I left. - Yeah, come on in. - Nathan, where’s your sweatshirt? - It’s in the bathroom. Hey. Hey, um, you know, I’m sorry to... - I just wanted to say goodbye. - No, no it’s okay. I didn’t want you to go without... - No, I’m sorry. I’m just going to go. - No, Lucas, please don’t. Haley! It’s cool, I just... I thought you weren’t ready. I thought that you were going to wait until you got married. I mean, I just figured... - I didn’t expect you to... - Well we did. We did wait. What are you talking about, Haley? We got married last night. Some people believe that Ravens guide travelers to their destinations. Others believe that the sight of a solitary raven is considered good luck. While more than one raven together, predicts trouble ahead. Synchro : Amariss