What your version of grounded? One week for letting some skeevy fratvestite Ruin peyton's wedding dress, And we're gonna tack on another week For throwing an underage keg party in Your foster parent's upscale boutique. How about we do that u.s.o. show? You'd do that? Sure. that's what family does, right? Don't. Gigi, I have a girlfriend. And she doesn't have to know. you've gotten even more beautiful. What are you doing here, julian? Haven't you heard I'm optioning your fiance's book. Like hell you are. Actually, it's already done. I'm quite charming. But you know that, baby. I need to tell you something. Does it involve this? We were in love. Hey, marines! How's everybody doing tonight? All right, that's fantastic. It is so great to be here tonight! Now, I am so pumped to introduce our first act tonight. She is a very dear friend of mine and also an amazing talent. Please give it up for haley james scott! Haley? Hey, I'm in here. How'd it go at the doctor's? That is so not funny. Yeah, I guess you're right. I'm fine. I'm supposed to take it easy for a few days, that's all. So, are you excited for the u.s.o. show? Honestly, no. I had this nightmare last night That I got up onstage and I forgot the words to my song. I completely forgot. I just stood there. What am I gonna do if that happens tonight? Do you have any instrumental hits? It was just a dream, haley. You're gonna be great, okay? And I can't wait to see my sexy girl onstage. Not a chance. the doctor said you should stay home and relax, And you need to listen to him. I think I can handle a concert. Not gonna happen. besides, I don't want to overwhelm you with my sexiness When I throw up all over the stage. Come on. Do you remember the first time you sang to me at the cafe? Well, if you get nervous, just close your eyes And pretend like you're back there And it's just you and me, all right? yeah. I like that. thank you. I love you, nathan scott. I love you. You said, "okay." Last night, when I told you that julian and I used to be in love, You said, "okay." Okay. No, no, you can't just say it's okay, all right? You're supposed to be jealous Or ask questions... Or get mad. Okay. You can stop with the okays! It's not okay. Are they okay? Delicious. But, you know, my complete guide to raising a teenager Says that if your teen cooks for you, They're likely to ask for something or confess to something. So let me just tell you right now Whatever you did, I am so impressed. You're not in trouble. I just wanted to do something nice for you. Really? Besides, I think that book said Breakfast in bed and doing the dishes after, which is not happening. I see. So, are you excited to work for peyton at the concert tonight, Get backstage with angels & airwaves? Yeah. Yeah, I guess it'll be pretty cool. No. let the machine get it. I want to enjoy this time with you, Which my book says will rarely, if ever, happen. You've reached brooke davis. you know what to do. Hi, brooke, it's patricia from the adoption agency. I need to speak with you regarding placement for a newborn. Please call me as soon as possible. Wow. you're like the new angelina. Hey, it's me. Millie? hi. how are you? Great. what'd you do last night? Uh, last night? I-i just worked again late. I worked late. Well, I just wanted to let you know that I'm back, And I'll be home shortly. Oh, great, shortly. t-that's awesome. How long do you think you'll be? Uh, 5, maybe 10 minutes? Okay, great. I'll -- I'll see you then. See you then. Oh, and, marvin, can you do one small thing for me Before I get there? Yeah, sure, anything. Get that slut out of my bed. Oh, hey, luke. how you doing? It's okey of the movie? Hell, no. Why not? Why not? The entire time the guy's been in town, He's been pretending not to know peyton. I'm sure he has his reasons. Bro, I came over here So that you could compliment me on knocking the guy out. I'm just saying sometimes it's better to walk away. Who are you right now? -Hales, tell him. -what? I had to have a little talk with her about walking away, too. Oh, you are just full of funny today, aren't you? What happened to you? He decked julian. Why? He was dating peyton in l.a. Really? Yeah, apparently they were in love. Nice. sorry. I just really appreciate when the drama's not about us. Yeah, you guys suck right now. you know that? All right, I'm off. Jamie and orval are at andre's for the night. -Who's orval? -orval is jamie's imaginary Well, he's technically chester's imaginary friend, But jamie takes him places. -Seriously?  -Yeah. If orval's the worst of our worries, I think we're doing pretty good. Okay, wish me luck. Good luck. Mm. wish me luck, too. Ugh, get out of here. Thanks for the ice, and, No, actually, just thank you for the ice. Come on, punchy. you can tell me all about it. Imaginary friend. I knew my kid would end up weird. now, why you got to go call having an imaginary friend weird? Gigi, get up. Mmm. come back to bed, baby. No. no, no, no, no. and don't call me baby. Come on. you got to go. Why? what's the problem? The problem is milicent, my girlfriend, Who's gonna be here any second. You think she'd like to join us? I think she wants to kill us. Me. there is no "us." Come on, gigi. move your ass. And don't say "you'd like that" And don't say "i will if you watch" And don't say "you first." Please, you're killing me. Fine. Man, my head hurts. I can't believe I let you get me drunk And take advantage of me last night. I didn't get you drunk. And I definitely did not take advantage of you. Then why am I in your t-shirt? You don't remember? You puked all over yourself and then passed out. I washed your shirt. Thanks. You're such a good guy. Yeah, well, I'm gonna be a dead guy If I don't get you out of here, seriously. I'll see you at work, but... I'll get your shirt. Mouth... Here's yours. Oh, my god. No. whatever it is, I can't deal with another store incident. There was a girl in my bed. Are you coming out? No, it was gigi! she was in my bed! Wait. you're a three-way With the hot high-school ex? Really? Actually, marvin and gigi had a slumber party last night. I walked in this morning And found that tramp-faced whore slut bitch in my bed! -With mouth? -no, he was on the couch! So, then, what's the problem? Do you think he cheated? Millie, you and mouth are, like, head-over-heels for each other. Why would he want to screw that up? Maybe because I don't sleep with him? What? I'm a virgin and mouth isn't And I'm sure he has needs and what if he fulfilled them? Back up a second. you're a virgin? You live together and you share a bed And you are still... intact? Well, you do the other stuff, though, right, Like, you know, the j's, "h" or "b"? Nothing at all? It's like finding a bigfoot or a unicorn or something! Maybe I should just have sex with him. No, no, no. it is not all about sex. Trust me. That boy loves you for exactly who you are. You just need to go home, And you need to talk to him about this, okay? Thanks, brooke. So, not even No. Test on one, test one two. Hey, it is gonna get really chaotic today, So in case I forget to say it later, Thank you for helping me. Well, I got to pay you back for your wedding dress somehow. This seems like a pretty cool way to do it. Yeah, about that. Tonight will pay for, like, a sleeve, But as long as you don't ruin anything else, I might let you live. So, can I ask you a question without getting slapped? Depends on what the question is. Um, brooke told me you were adopted. I was just wondering if you ever met your birth parents. Um, yeah, both of them, one pretty recently. That didn't turn out so great, But, my other parents are always gonna be my real parents,you know? Seems kind of greedy, though, don't you think? I mean, you've got like, what, four parents? I've got none. Well, you have brooke, and she's pretty great, right? Yeah, but it's not gonna last. I mean, she's getting another baby. A baby? how? You see, when two people love each other... Some lady from the adoption agency called, Said they had a kid for her. Hey, little sister. Um, derek, this is sam. Sam, this is my brother, derek. It's a long story. we have the same father. If you'd call him that, he's an ass. Derek has issues like you do! You're gonna have to let it go. It's a long story, but I'll explain everything. We were working late, and gigi got drunk. At work? Well, yeah, but it was after hours. You were drunk with your intern after hours? It sounds worse than it was. nothing happened. Gigi couldn't drive, And I didn't want to look like some creepy older guy Carrying a drunk coed into the dorms. She could have taken a cab or the couch, at least. I was just being respectful. I think you're paying too much respect to the wrong girl. I'm sorry. I swear it was innocent, millie. You know you can trust me. It's not you I'm worried about. And I have a new rule Nobody except us in our bed, not ever. And burn the sheets. Still here. Why? How? Why? because you need me right now. How? Well, maybe I'm in your head. Or maybe I'm still alive. Nope, I'm still dead. What do you want, "q"? What do I want? what do you want, nate, huh? Ain't you got a slamball championship game to be playing in tonight or something? I quit. You quit. Not much of a comeback. Ooh, peyton. ah! We just have a small problem. -I can't perform tonight. -what? why? Because, listen, I'm rusty and they're gonna hate me And I'm gonna ruin the show. No, no, you're not gonna ruin the show. you're gonna be great. No, I am gonna ruin the show because I'm nervous And I can't even remember the lines to my own song. Did I just hear what I thought I heard? Someone's a little nervous? Don't even start with me, you little brat. Nice. is that how you talk to your students? Yes. Mia, this is sam. she's gonna be your assistant tonight. So anything you want, ask her. she has a debt to pay off. Hey, sam. how about we just hang, thgh? I don't think I'm diva enough to have an assistant. Hey, thank you again for being a part of all this, mia. I wouldn't miss it for anything. And, besides, if haley's gonna suck, I wouldn't miss that for anything, either. You're gonna be fine, hales. Besides, if you're not, who's even gonna notice? Them. Look at the cry out loud there, they are all waiting for you. Kind of like all the people waiting for your second record, huh? Right. it's gonna be fine. How's everybody doing tonight?! All right, that's good to hear. I got to tell you  I am so excited to be here tonight, And it's such an honor to be able to do this for my brother and his family. Thank you guys for having us. Mia, I forgot the first line of my song. Tell me what the first line of my song is. 00:16:08,000 --> 00:16:10,61 "it's got to be this one. you don't have to fake it." Now go get them. Please give it up for the one and only haley james scott! It's so weird to see my teacher being majorly cheered for. Well, get used to it. your teacher's a badass. Yeah, I guess. So, is it fun being on the road? Oh, dude, it's awesome. But sometimes it's hard sleeping in a different place every night. Yeah, I've done that. You probably feel guilty, huh, Scaring haley and jluke like that After they let you play and all? Yeah, it's probably a good thing that you quit. Got anything to say about that, huh? Nate! I'm ignoring you. Oh, you're ignoring me? You're ignoring me? Oh, well, let me ask you this, nate, huh? Did you quit basketball, or did you just quit slamball? What do you want from me? Now I'm ignoring you. Great. you're ignoring me, But you know that'll only work for about a minute, And then you're gonna crack a smile. What do you want from me? I'm busy. I need to talk to lucas. Okay, you should do that, then. Hey, brooke. good show, huh? Oh, I might just be in heaven. There are hot men in uniform everywhere I look, And I am the proud owner of a happy teen. Hey, let me ask you something. Has peyton ever mentioned this julian guy? Here we go. P. sawyer finally told you. You knew. Only because she didn't know how to tell you. I was just the practice dummy. She knew how excited you were about the movie, And she didn't want to ruin this for you. By the way, you are not allowed to be mad. Really? I'm not allowed to be mad That she hooked up with this guy right after we broke up? It was not right after. and seriously? You tried to hook up with me The night after you guys broke up. I would never tell peyton that, But, lucas, you almost married lindsey. Julian was just a rebound. Do girls fall in love with rebounds? Every time. but it's not real love. Your head tricks you into it to protect you From the crushing pain your heart is putting you through. So, go. kiss it out. it's gonna be fine. I would If I could squeeze in between her and rebound guy. all right you guys. I am a huge fan of the next actress we have She is young. she is very, very hot. Hear that? "young." Hey, I think I saw jason out there. She has a huge voice. Please give it up for mia catalano. Hey, guys. I just wanted to mention that I'm single. Just throwing that out there. You were great! Oh, my gosh! it's so good to see you! You going on tour anytime soon? Oh, no, no tour for me, not since I had my baby boy. Must have been a tough decision for you. No, not really. It's exciting, the cheers from the crowd, But they can't take the place of my family. That's what I want the most. Well, your son's lucky to have a mom That chose him over her career. I wasn't so lucky. Yeah. I'm sorry. We all make different choices, And different things. I think eventually we learn To define happiness for ourselves on our own terms, In spite of the pain other people have caused us. Thanks for last night, mouth. I'm really sorry I got so wasted. We could have slept in the same bed, though. I wouldn't have attacked you or anything. I don't think millie would have been Okay with us sleeping in the same bed. But you would have been okay with it? That's not what I meant. I wouldn't be okay with it Because millie wouldn't be okay with it. So if millie were okay with it, then -- Let's just finish the piece, And I think we need to be a little more professional. You're kind of hot when you're mad. You must be julian. Brooke davis, I've read all about you. Good. then you know being the third person In a lucas/peyton love triangle usually doesn't end well. For who? I think it's pretty clear in the book If you're not lucas or peyton you should just forget it. And just so you know, they are two of my best friends. So if you mess with them, I will mess with you. that sounds like fun. Don't you have a blackberry coma to fall into? I love a feisty peyton. Do me a favor. Stop flirting with my best friend. I think she's jealous. Come on, brooke. We have to announce a band. We do? you're right. We have a band to announce. watch this play right here. He's about to throw an alley-oop to the dude right behind the line. Called it! You know, you're kind of ruing the game. Come on, man. you knew that was gonna happen. I just said it out loud. ooh! I'm calling it quits Because I don't want to end up back in that wheelchair,all right? I won't do that to haley and jamie again. So you're quitting for haley and jamie. Sure, that ma-- if that's your excuse. Look, I worked hard. And my dream started to come true again, And I started to believe that people just go through things, Challenges that make them stronger. And then you were gone. All right, I showed up at that river court, And you never came. And that was it, just like that. And I realized that -- that we're not invincible. Dreams die. So what? What you gonna do, nate? Sit here on this couch and watch ball on tv, afraid to live?! That's what you're gonna do?! That really pisses me off, nate. You know why? 'cause you got a second chance, man. You did. I wish I did. How's the hand? I figured if you knew I had a history with peyton You wouldn't work with me. Look, I believe in the book. I want to make the movie. I'm not interested. Come on, luke. it's gonna be great. There's not gonna be a movie. Well, at the risk of getting punched again, I own the option to the book. So it's happening... with or without you. Hey, everybody, this is my friend brooke. She was begging me to come out and say hi to you guys. Hi, boys. it's an honor to be here. We just want to thank you guys so much for everything. We appreciate all that you do, And we appreciate every single one of you. You guys are the real rock stars. So, thank you very, very much. So, without further ado, let's give it up for... angels & airwaves! So, word is you're getting a baby. She's scared, you know. What do you mean? She told me about the phone call from the adoption agency. You should talk to her about it. I'm pretty sure she thinks her days with you are numbered. Here at slamball, as the slashers Take home the 2008 slamball title By knocking -- Guess they didn't need me after all. Yeah, I guess you didn't need them, either. You know, there's more to life than basketball. Oh, is that right? Every time I get to see jamie laugh, I mean, that's a dream come true. Every time I get to hold haley, it's a dream come true. They're my life. And you owe it to them To be the very best version of yourself, man, The version where you fight for what you want, The version where you're not afraid to be great. You're better for them when you're living your dreams, man. And there is nothing -- nothing selfish about that. Hey. millie, right? Mouth's not here right now. I know. I'm here to see you. What's up? I know you had some sort Of high-school puppy-love thing with marvin, But you need to back off. I don't know what you're talking about. I think you do And I don't trust you or like you. So how about you stay out of my bed And stay away from marvin? Hey. awesome. Um, can I borrow you for a second? Look, I want to talk to you About the message from this morning about the baby. It's none of my business. It is absolutely your business, sam. Look, I get it, okay? Everyone wants the puppy, not the mutt. It's happened before. I know what happens next. You get the baby, I go back to the pound. You are not going back to the pound. I don't ever want you to feel threatened or afraid That I'm gonna ask you to leave. My home is your home now, sam, And it's gonna be that way as long as you want it to be. I'm sorry. Did julian talk to you? And? I'm not gonna do the movie. What? He's gonna make it anyway. No, he can't. he can't do that without you. I signed the rights over to him. He can do whatever he wants with it. Luke, he can't just take it away from you. Look, peyton, I don't want to work with him, okay? I don't trust the guy. I just want him out of our lives. This is my fault. I should have just told you right away. Look, it's okay There will be other books, other movies. Yeah, but -- It's okay. It's okay. hey,big brother,what do you think? I think it couldn't have been better. Thank you, peyton. Oh, my god, it was nothing. I'm happy I could do it. It means a lot to the marines...and to me. And it -- it made me realize I've wasted too much time being upset About the family I didn't have. I need to spend more time Being thankful for the family I do have. Feels kind of good to let it go, doesn't it? Hey, thanks for letting me hang out with you all night. It was way cool. Um, not to be lame or anything, But can I get your autograph? Sure! How about I give you my number instead? Call me sometime, and we'll hang out. Really? Yeah. Peyton and haley and brooke are really cool, But they're kind of boring. I thought I'd head home. Sure, that's fine. You think you could walk me to my car? I'm not hitting on you. It's dark and they never found out who killed quentin fields And it creeps me out. Okay. This is me. Sorry to be such a girl. Ah, no problem. drive safe. Mouth? I don't want to cause any trouble with you and your girlfriend. I'll try to be better about it. I appreciate that. Oh, hey. thank you very much. Peyton, can I talk to you? Oh, you have a lot of nerve. You show up in tree hill unannounced, You get lucas to sign his book over, And then you tell him you're gonna make the movie without him? Okay, that's not exactly what happened. I apologized to lucas and told him I wanted him on the movie. He said he didn't want any part of it, And I even let him punch me. He punched you? Look, the point is, I believe in this book, And I want to make this movie. And, yes, I told him that I could do it without him, But the truth is, I need him to help me tell this story. That's all I want, nothing else. You're lying. No, I'm not, and you know I'm not. This is business, peyton. You need to convince lucas to do the movie. And you'll make it the movie he wants it to be. Absolutely. 'cause if I convince him to do this And you are lying, I swear I give you my word. I'll talk to him. What is all this? Oh, my goodness. And please tell me you didn't move the furniture by yourself. My back is fine. How'd you do today? I loved it. I was so scared at first, And then...it just started to feel right. I felt alive. it was awesome. I'm so bummed that I didn't get to see you. I know. me too, baby. If you're not too tired, I was hoping for an encore. I would love that. Haley let's promise never to be too scared to live our dreams. I promise. Me too. Hi, patricia. it's brooke davis. I'm calling regarding your message. Yes, I am definitely interested, And I just wanted you to know That I'm currently fostering a teenager, And it's going great, so Uh, no. No, I didn't realize that would complicate things. You punched julian. Yeah. That was me not being jealous. Okay. "okay"? I'm happy you got jealous. Really? But even though I'm happy, I do think you should do the movie. I think you're gonna regret Seeing it made without you, luke, And it's your story to tell. And julian doesn't think the movie can get made without you. I agree. You talked to julian? Look, you can punch him in the face anytime you want, okay? But I don't want you to walk away from this For the wrong reasons. I don't want you to have any regrets. You know... it's hard for me to know That you were in love with this guy. But you have been so strong and so good to me When I've strayed from us. So I'm gonna try to let go of it, okay? Besides, who wouldn't fall in love with you, peyton sawyer? I really enjoyed the encore. Oh, good. I think you're going to enjoy the encore to the encore I'm proud of you, haley. Oh, geez! You got to stop doing that, "q." You scared the crap out of me. Dude, you scared the crap out of you. I'm dead. I know you are. I miss you, "q." Nate, that's all right.You just focus on the comeback And I'll be there every step of the way. Oh, and, nate... That phone is gonna ring someday. Live the life. Live the dream. No fear.