This is the coolest thing I've ever seen. You have to do this,daddy. This can't be good for my back. Man,that can't be good for nobody's back. You're coming home. I guessI never really left. Can you help me make a cape? Quentin really likes mine, and I thought maybe we could make one for him,too. Tell me where you live, because I'm pretty sure it's not in shop class. I live in a foster home. Would you be interested in fostering a child? Well,I guess it would depend on the situation. I've never had my own room before. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-Vicky8800 ¶¬ÃßµÄÖí-=www.ydy.com/bbs=- One Tree Hill Season 6 Episode 7 Luke! You should read this.It's really cool. Huh?My book? No. It's an article about moving in together. It says we need to have our own space in order to ease the transition. Y ahead of you. What is that? Oh,it's your cage,silly. I figured you need your own space. And look,it's even got a little bed of hay. I know how you like hay. Luke,cut it out. Come on.Get up Man,brooke looks hot here. Maybe you two could share the cage,huh? What? Funny,I don't remember ordering bad italian. Sorry to bother you so late, but,uh,caught you buying drinks at the bar tonight. I know the license is yours, but she claims to belong to you,too. You have a 15-year-old daughter? How long has it been? Not long enough. Thanks. You're welcome.Sam? Can you just yell at me in the morning? I'm really tired. Wh-- I'll bet you are. Because being brooke davis is exhausting! I miss angie. marvin? Millie,what are you doing in omaha? What?! Oh,my god!What are you doing here? I had this horrible dream  where I lived far away from you, and every time I spoke, I'd say this awful catchphrase. Only it wasn't a dream. So I quit my job.Again. - For me? - For us. Without you,omaha just felt cold and lonely. Do you feel better now? Now I'm just cold. Get in here. - Whoa,daddy can fly. - Yes,he can. Oh,I can't tell you how happy it makes me  to see you playing again. Thanks,baby. You know,it'd really make me happy to see you play again. You haven't been in the studio in a while. Yeah,well,too much has happened lately  to think about music. Well,the deal was we both go after our dreams,remember? Yeah,mama. I like when you sing. Oh,you do,huh? Well,I hope you don't think that I'm uncool when I say that you're late for school oh,never mind. I'll see you.Okay,bye. See you,buddy. hey.How'd you sleep? Not very well. Someone hit me with a magazine. I'm sorry. I was reading an article in B. Davis magazine, and I had a bad dream. It's about moving in together. What's so scary about that? Well,"once you move in,expect to find out you don't know each other as well as you think." That's ridiculous. Everybody says we're like twins. Okay,you're right. And to make up for the magazine attack, I'm making your favorite breakfast. Oh,really?French toast? Pancakes. Pancakes! Sam,I made breakfast! Sam! Come on! Unbelievable. Cut it out! "Cut it out!" Let go!You'll rip it! So? Then you'll have two stupid capes. It's not stupid!I wear it for my friend quentin! Then quentin must be stupid. Fight,fight,fight,fight! "move in,don't expect his stuff to move out." Apparently guys don't like  changing anything when a woman moves in. That's not true. Oh,really? That's funny. 'Cause yesterday when I was cleaning, I knocked over a picture of you and lindsey. I,uh...I - I thought I got all those. I-I'm sorry. Nah,I know I'm being silly. I just feel like a guest in your house. And I haven't unpacked any of my boxes 'cause I don't know where to put anything. Well,does the all-knowing magazine have a fix, or does it just point out problems? Let's see.It says we should work it out by communicating openly, compromising,and focusing on each other. Doesn't just say that we should have sex? Fine. How about this? Okay... neither one of us leaves until you're completely moved in. Okay? I mean,unless,that is,that my sugar mama needs to work. Oh,no,your sugar mama's her own boss. And she just gave me some time off. Okay. Then it's official. We are... ...on house arrest. Haiku is a japanese poem which consists of three lines of five,seven, and five syllables,respectively. A good example of this would be -- My friend,brooke davis blowing through my class like wind sam in trouble,no? I hate school. School was never my strong suit,either. It's a good thing we're both handsome. What's wrong? I got in a fight with chuck scholnik 'cause he teased me about my cape. I know the scholnik family. You should tease him about his alcoholic mother. I just want him to leave me alone. Yeah,I know the feeling. I was teased when I was in prison. About what? The point is that as a scott man, people are always gonna be jealous of you. It's a burden we have to live with. Scott men are inherently better than most people. Daddy,too? Especially your daddy. I thought we were past dressing up  to impress each other. Does this mean I need to toss the footie pajamas? Well,if the alternative is you sleeping naked,yes. I'm going to the station to beg for my old job. I hope they take me back. They'd be stupid not to. You're a big tv star now. With your own catchphrase and everything. I'm sorry I ever spent a minute away from you. You just said a mouthful. Very funny. I'm sorryI disrupted your class. It's okay.I turned you into a haiku. Gesundheit. I take itthings aren't going very well between you and sam. She stole my I.D. Last night and snuck out. When you asked me to take her, I thought I'd be getting little orphan annie. Instead of singing and dancing, I have stealing and disappearing. Do you want me to talk to her? No.No,I'll handle it. Okay. How do I handle it? You got to talk to her tonight  and lay down some ground rules. She needs structure. She's actually a really bright kid. Fine. For you,I will try. I just --  I need her to try,too,you know? Even if it's just a little. I think that's totally fair. Good. I'll let you know how it goS. Thank you,brooke. Yeah,thank me if I don't kill her by tomorrow. So where do you want to start? Well,that's easy. I never feel at home until I unpack my music. But you know what? Maybe we don't have to. I mean,we probably have doubles of everything,right? Actually,I don't like the cure. How can you not likethe cure? Well,their music's depressing and whiny. Yeah,and if it could squint,it would be you. You do realize that the lyrics  I spent all day painting at the river court were cure lyrics,right? Oh,yeah,I know.And I love the lyrics. I hate the music. I don't even know who you are right now. Come on,peyton.  Look,I'm just trying to be honest. I mean,there's got to be things that  I like that you don't,right? Yeah.Yeah,okay. Now that you mention it. Your tattoo. What about it? Well,first off,it does not mean  what you think it does, 'cause I looked it up. Second,brooke hasa very similar tattoo. Near her lady business. Now,if you will excuse me, I'm gonna go take my cure albums  where they'll be appreciated. Like the trash? You see? We are totally different just like the article says. Thanks a lot,brooke. okay..."friday I'm in love" isn't too bad it's nice in here. How come we haven't moved into the master bedroom? You mean my mom's room? No,I mean the master bedroom. I mean,she gave you the house,right Yeah. It'd just be... too weird sleeping in here as an adult. Who said anything about sleeping? Oh,ho ho ho!No.  Definitely out of the question. Luke,we are adults. Shouldn't we be in the adult room? Who's asking? You,or B. Davis magazine? Whichever will get you to do it. I would tell the magazine that my room's bigger. And I like it better. And I would tell peyton that... ...That I would do anything for her, even something as creepy as sleeping in my mom's room. Then I guess I'm asking. Then I guess I'm moving. - I love your music.  - Thank you. Your album is one of my favorites. Thanks. I even have a slot reserved in  my cd case for your next record. There is gonna be a next record,right? I hope so. I hope so,too. Your voice is incredible. You're not so bad yourself. You don't have a cd I can buy,do you? No,no.I-I just do this for fun. But it must be amazing to sing for a living. It used to be. So much has been going on lately, music doesn't seem to matter much. That's too bad, because it matters to a lot of other people. Well,it looks like your music matters a lot,too. You don't want to keep your fans waiting. Neither do you. hi,chris. I wanted to talk to you about how we left things. Just hear me out. I know that omaha's a bigger market. But this is your home. - I agree,which is why - - what'll it take? We need you. Well,uh,I could use an office, better snacks in the lunch room. And,uh,I had an internin omaha. Done,done,and done. Thing is,we need you to start A.S.A.P., Like,uh...tomorrow? What do you think? I think omaha's gonna miss me. Yeah.Terrific. Hey,buddy. Your mom and I would like to talk to you for a second. Think you could pause that game? Not if I'm in trouble. You're not in trouble. We just heard you got in a fight at school today. A kid grabbed my cape. He wouldn't let go of it.He said it was stupid. Sounds like that kidis stupid. I mean,a man should know never  to grab another man's cape. Nathan. Your cape,kiddo,is not stupid,okay? Hey,when I was younger,I had a poncho that everybody else said was really ugly, but I really liked it,so I kept wearing it. And that's what you should do.If you like your cape, you should just wear it whenever you want and ignore what everybody else says. Well,what if he keeps picking on me? Oh,well,I can teach you how to deal with bullies. And what your father means by that is if somebody's picking on you, you should just walk away. Right,honey? Yes.Yes,she's right. But I want to be tough like daddy. Well,hey. If you can learn to walk away, you'll be tougher than I ever was. It's not funny. I'm sorry. I'm only laughing because of how angry you got. I mean,I've never heardany body yell at it before. Oh,honey,it is not a big deal. Doesn't it happen to every guy at some point? And it wouldn't have happened at all  if we weren't in my mom's bed! This is your fault. Well,you have never complained before. I'm talking about your obsession with this stupid magazine. Oh,my god,the magazine has been dead on. It has predicted pretty much everything. I just wish it would have warned me about this. Okay,all right. Okay. What are you doing? Well,it seems I've made a huge mistake. I'm calling lindsey. Fine. If you think that'll help. Hey.Have I been in tonight? Was that a trick question? Sam?Have you seen her? Not since last night. Why,did she run outon you again? No. She's actually waiting in the car. I just needed an excuse to see you. Sorry I asked. You know,you're a jerk. I told you I wanted to be a mom, and you ran away so fast, you left an owen-shaped hole in my front door, and I never heard from you again. Not so much as a phone call. And if you hadn't caught little brooke vis junior  with my I.D.,I still wouldn't have. You're right. You didn't deserve that. I'm sorry. Whatever. You're still a jerk. what's going on? "When moving in, "be ready for him to unpack this little secret -- he wants his own space." If it's in the magazine,it must be true. So you stay on your side of the line, and you get my mom's bed. And I'll get the tv and the kitchen,huh? What is this,"the brady bunch"? Just so you know,if you cross this line, you'll be admitting that this article is stupid. And that I'm right. About everything. Fine. Looks like I get the bathroom. Fine. I'm hungry. I think I'll go make myself some,uh...french toast. Oh,it is so on. Sweetie,is that the boy that was picking on you? No. I thought my shoew as untied. Bye,mama. Bye,sweetie. Excuse me,could I talk to you for a second? I'm haley scott.I'm jamie's mom. Jamie came home from school upset the other day. I guess your son was teasing him. Well,you know how boys are. Don't you think we should do something about it? No,I think it's best if we let  the boys work it out for themselves. so much better than tattling,don't you think? Uh,he's not tattling. He's 5 years old,and he just wants to be left alone. Jamie? Is he the one with the cape? 5 is a little old for a cape,don't you think? Maybe you should do him a favor, take it away from him, and then he won't get teased anymore. About the cape,anyway. What is that supposed to mean? He's probably just a late bloomer. I'm sure he'll make friends...someday. Listen,honey, if your little brat doesn't stop picking on my son, not only will I give jamie permission to kick his ass, but I'll be kicking your ass right along side of him. Got that,bitch? I'd like to see you try,little girl. What happened to walking away? I know,but you didn't see her. She was such a bitch. Sounds like you made that pretty clear. Jamie's been through so much lately, the last thing he needs is some bully picking on him. He'll be fine. He's a tough kid. But you know what?I'll take care of it. In the meantime, just try not to kill anybody,okay,slugger? What are you gonna do? I'm gonna call his mom a bitch and then push her. Oh,that's right. You already did that,didn't you? Look,I don't know what I'm gonna do,okay? But I'll take care of it.I'll think of something. I'm sorry. Oh,are you kidding me? My girl is a bad ass. That's hot. Damn,he's good. Looky what I found on my side. Oh,no,no,no,no,no. You cross,you lose. "Fergie,I love you very much "and miss you every time we're apart. I need to see you...soon." Don't you dare. Oops. what's up? Lucas loves him some fergalicious. Hi,brooke.It's nice to see you,too. I'm sorry. I was just hoping you might be sam. But apparently all she know show to do is leave. Is it that bad? I think she likes me about as much as I like my mother. Well,we both know there's some parents you're better off without but you're not one of them. She'll realize that. Unfortunately,she hasn't stuck around long enough to figure that out. Thank you for coming to check on me. Well,actually,I need a favor. It's last minute, it's a lot of work,and I need it in two hours. As tempting as that sounds, I'm still orphan-deep in the last favor I did for the scott family. It's for jamie. What do you need? It's my new hero! Hey! I've been here three years. I've never gotten a raise. You tell them to shove their job, you get a better position,a new office and a hot intern. Well,I don't know if -- hot intern? - Gigi? - Mouth! Wait,you guys know each other? We were high-school lovers. Nice! it's a bird! It's a plane! It's superbaby! Aw,are you sad? Are you gonna go fly home to your mommy? No.I'm gonna walk away. So who doesn't think that capes are cool? well,if I didn't have a cape,I couldn't do this. Oh,by the way, that box right there is full of capes, if anybody wants one. You didn't come home last night. It's not my home. Besides,you said I could come and go as I please. So I left. That is not what I meant. I was worried about you. Sam...I can't help you if you're not willing to be helped. Apparently,you'd rather eat here than in my kitchen, and you want to sleep in a car instead of my guest room. I don't know what to do for you. I just don't thinkth is is gonna work. It's okay. I'm used to people giving up on me. Happens all the time. See that waitress over there? That's my mom. One day,I'm gonna tell her who I am, and what a big mistake she made. Like I said,I'm used to people giving up on me. Thanks anyway. Sam... my god. So,my girlfriend and imoved to omaha, but then my girlfriend moved back. So I decided to move back to be with her. You're so much more muscular than you were in high school. Yeah,my girlfriend is really into being healthy, so I am,too. For my -- my girlfriend. What have you been up to? Going to college.I'm taking journalism classes. Having lots of sex. Oh,and my mom had her appendix out last week. That'S...wow. It's so good to see you again. It's weird,though, because I was thinking about you just the other day. Oh,yeah?What about? Well,I was walking to class, and all of a sudden,I thought, "I should have had sex with mouth." Isn't that weird? Yeah,that is weird. Did I mention that I have a girlfriend? -Cool. -I do,too. Sometimes. So,nathan told me about the capes. You are officially the world's greatest godmother, and you've totally made jamie's year. Thank you so much,brooke. At least I ade one kid happy today. What happened? I was gonna talk to sam last night like you said. And she never showed. And I just told herI can't help her anymore. - I'm sorry,haley. - No,no. I should not have forced her on you. I just thought... if anyone could handle her,you could, because you were a lot like her,and you got past it. I thought she could,too,if somebody gave her a chance. Well,I guess I'm not strong enough. Brooke,you -- you're the strongest person I know. You just gave up amultimillion-dollar corporation, and you seem fine about it. I wish I had your strength. My strength? Haley,you gave up your singing career to be with nathan, who was at least as screwed up as me or sam when you got a hold of him. And now he's the best guy I know. Look,it was scary. I was scared to death to give up the company. But it wasn't fun anymore. And now I get to do what I fell in love with -- design clothes on my terms. Yeah.That sounds familiar. I met a girl who sing son the street every day for fun. It's amazing.She seems so happy. Music used to belike that for me, and it's just not anymore. You know? Well,then you need to make it fun again. Find what you loved about it and start there. You're too strong not to. I will think about it. Okay. You're definitely done with sam? I'll think about it. Oh,that's just not fair. What are you talking about? Oh,you know what?It's dark in my room, so I was just gonna crash early. All by myself. Well,it's nice and bright in my room. Thought I'd do a little reading before bed. Maybe you should re-read your book and think about the comet and how close it is, but you can't touch it,'cause you're stubborn. Maybe I will. I love my book. Good,good. I love sleeping naked. Damn,she's good. And then daddy jumped 8 feet and dunk the ball. I was the most popular kid in school. I even got six girls' digitslike uncle skills taught me. Really?Uncle skills? Well,I'll be having a conversation with uncle skills. Get used to being popular.You're a scott boy. Mama,why don't you wear your poncho anymore? I think one day,I just out grew it. Good night,buddy. Good night. I haven't told you how proud of you I am for walking away today. I didn't want to, but you said it would make me tough. It does. It took me a long time to learn that lesson. Those kids teased you about your cape,and you wore it anyway. They wanted to fight you,and you just walked away. See,there's leaders,and there's followers, and you are a leader. I wouldn't have fought him,but he said quentin was stupid, and quentin was not stupid. Quentin was my friend. That's right.He was your friend. And he would beproud of you,too. good night,buddy. trust me,back seats are not meant for sleeping. What are you doing here? I thought I'd crash at your place tonight. I know what it feels like to have parents who give up on you. I had one who ignored me,and one who resented me. And sometimes,I feel like I'd be better off if I never had parents at all. No,you wouldn'T. Sam,I don't want to make the same mistakes our parents made. I want you to move in with me on an official foster-home basis if you want to. What's the catch? There's no catch. There are rules. Breakfastis at 7:00 A.M. Sharp. And no more stealing -- my stuff or anyone else's,but mostly mine. Deal? Deal. That is the last thing. I promise. What you did for jamie was amazing. I didn't do that for jamie. I did that for chuck's mom. I was afraid you were gonna kill her. Well,you saved the day for everyone, like a big old superhero. You don't need a side kick,do you? A sidekick? No.Oh! No,I think tomorrow I'll go back to being mild-mannered slam-ball playerna than scott. I wouldn't call youmild-mannered. What about you?What are you doing tomorrow? I think I'm in the mood to do some singing. It's about time. I tell you to stay,and you disappear. I tell you to get lost,and you're at my doorstep. Apparently you have everything backwards,so come on in. Wait,wait,wait.Hey,can -- - can we talk? - Sure. How have you been?There,we talked. Now,if you don't mind,it's late, and I havea young girl sleeping inside. I just want a chance to explain myself. Fine. Explain. Look,I got freaked out when you mentioned the baby. I had a horrible childhood. Then I get addicted to heroin really early on. Now I avoid anything more responsible than making drinks. The thought of me being a father is just too much. I never asked youto be the father. I know. But if you ever did. I know I wouldn't be any good at it. So I disappeared. And you have every right to be mad at me. And I'm sorry. Have you ever considered that going through all those awful experiences is exactly what would make youa good father someday? I've seen you be responsable with rachel and care with jamie. You even brought sam home, and she's a total stranger to you. Well,truth be told, I just brought her home'cause I wanted to see you. Okay,well,if she's at the bar tonight, then bring her home,and you will see me again. Then I hope she'sin the drinking mood. But if not, then I hope the real brooke davis will stop by. I promise you,I won't go anywhere this time. I'll think about it. Jerk. you know,I read somewhere that you should never go to bed angry. Now,it wasn't B. Davis magazine, so I'm not sureif it's very valid. I'm not angry. In fact,I've actually had fun these last few daysplaying around. Especially sinceI've been winning. Well...before you get too excited, may I remind you that your moving boxes were on my side of the line. What'd you do? Well,I just unpacked some of your stuff. I found a really great picture to replace the one of lindsey. Oh,luke,that is sweet. Of course you went through my art again without asking permission. My side,my art,babe. I think I'm starting to like your side better. I was about to say the same thing. Let's be on the same side again. I really have to go to the bathroom. Oh,my god,I'm starving. Mm,somebody smells good.Hot date? No? Why?It's just work. Touchy,touchy.I'm just saying you smell good. I'd say you look good,too,but I don't want to get hit. Well,go ahead.Risk it. So how was your first day back? Was everyone happy to see you? Some of them. Well,I'm thrilled to have you back. So do you have yournew tree hill catch phrase yet? I don't think I'm gonna need one. Oh,sure you will. How about"mouthing off from the hill"? No. "If a tree falls,your mouth will make a sound"? Please stop. - Or what about - how's this? "I'm marvin mcfadden, and I am so glad I'm back here with you." I love it. Bye,grandpa! See you,buddy. - Bye,honey. - Ms. Scholnik... dan scott,jamie's grandfather. That's a cute kid. Well,kid,anyway. You know,I hear he and jamie got in a little scufflethe other day. I sure hope they work it out. You know what?I think they already have. You know,I'd love to join you for your morning drink, but I'm late for a meeting with my parole officer. Murder. Hey! Tell me you're on your way to the studio to make your new record. Uh,actually, I was thinking about doing singing for fun today. What do you think?You up for a duet? Are you kidding?I would be honored. Great.What do you want to play? Uh,how about this one? I'm a girl with the best intentions something I should probably mention I like to get just what I pay for so I pay and I getand I pay and I want some more more,more and I want something that I want somethingI tell myself I need something that I want I need everything I see I'm a girl who's got a notion sam! Breakfast! I'm gonna show you my magic potion I could shop till I drop right to the floor and I get right up and I want some more Hey. You said breakfast at 7:00. It's 7:00. It's a start. Breakfast! Well,your stuff is unpacked. The tape is gone. And the house is officially both of ours. Perfect timing. I made waffles. - I love waffles. - I do,too. Plus,I got the recipe from B. Davis magazine, so you know it'll be good. You better enjoy them,because,um... I canceled your subscription. What?! Holy cow. I forgot there was a world out side the house. hey,luke.I got your text. hey,jamie!Did your dad bring you to school? He's the coolest! - Yeah,scotts rule. - Yeah. Do you wantto play kickball? You can be on my team. Whoa,chuck,slow your roll. Maybe another time. Why aren't you wearingyour cape? Well,some people lead,and some people follow.