a very happy New Year, and thank you for supporting One Tree Hill. It's been a great season, so far, and we have some amazing new episodes coming your way, so don't go anywhere. It's all starting right here next on the CW. Have you noticed that Lucas has really weird stuff in his room? Yeah. I mean, who do you think give him this? Oh, I'd say Brooke. No, I'd say Peyton. Really? Here we go again. Previously on "One Tree Hill"... Lose that game. Nathan Scott drives to the hoop! He passes to Lucas for a 3 and the win! The Tree Hill Ravens are champions at last! Nathan, look out! Haley! Son of a bitch! Nathan! He's dead. Go! She's been hit by a car. You got to help her. How long has she been pregnant? I didn't take my pills. You just had a heart attack. - I'm dead? - Not yet. I'm dead. You are no longer my brother. I still don't believe that Jimmy killed you, Keith. We got to talk about what happened here, Lucas. There are things you need to know. Have you ever had a dream that seemed so real, when you woke up you didn't know what to believe? What would you do if what you thought was true wasn't? And what you thought wasn't true was? Lucas. Luke, what are you doing here? I-I go here. Remember? Yeah, I also remember you had a heart attack. The doctor said it was okay if I did some light activities. I won't be training for a marathon anytime soon, but... I can still come to class and daydream about my new girlfriend. Well, what happens in that daydream? I slowly but very gently take her in my arms, and I bring her in real close like this. Wow. Last time we kissed, it was so damn good, I collapsed. I'm joking. Yeah. What's wrong? - Oh. - Yeah. Um... you just want to walk me to class? Yeah. For someone who just had a heart attack, Lucas doesn't seem to be worried about getting his heart rate up. Questions? Comments? As a matter of fact, I'm thinking about not speaking to you. Why, because I did you a favor? Stealing a key to the tutor center so I can break in and pilfer test answers is not a favor. It's more like a betrayal. Okay. We both know you suck at math, but how do you figure? Well, I convinced Haley to tutor you, even though she's not exactly your number-one fan. So me trusting you plus you using Haley equals betrayal. That's one way to look at it. The way I see it is I suffered through tutoring I didn't need to steal a key for you. Sounds like a favor to me. Sounds dumb to me. Not as dumb as flunking. I'm not flunking anything. I stayed up all night studying for this quiz. Now that you mention it, you do look kind of bad today. Lipstick? Just return they key to Haley, okay? I don't need it. I have never studied so hard for something in my life. Fine, but you better start making friends with the juniors cause that's who you're gonna be hanging out with next year. Shut up. Mouth? Hey, Gigi. How's my girl? I'm gonna break up with you. Did you just break up with me? No, not yet, but I'm going to. Just thought you should know. You okay? You look like you're a million miles away. I didn't even know his name. Who? That poor man who hit me. That poor man? Haley, you were the victim. He ran you over. I know, but it was an accident, and he's dead. And the way that he was killed-- I don't know how your father could do something like that. Did you even know who he was? No. No, you-- you were the only thing on my mind. Listen, I should get going. I'm gonna be late for school. But Karen's gonna come by later to check on you, and I'll swing by at lunch and bring you some soup. Okay.  Chicken noodle with some extra-- With extra noodles. I'm on it. Thank  you. I don't know how you turned out so sweet with a father like Dan. Good news or bad news? You're my lawyer. Do you ever have good news? Okay, bad news-- You're being charged with second-degree murder. Your arraignment is scheduled for tomorrow, at which time we'll file a plea of not guilty. In a few weeks, we'll go to trial, so we need to be prepared for an investigation. I don't want an investigation. It's standard procedure. I'm guilty. I want to plead guilty. Well, I wouldn't recommend... that. You're not pleading guilty. You shouldn't be paying for something that I did, okay? I'm confessing. Don't be a fool, Nathan. Want do you want, dad-- 20 years to life? 'Cause that's what you'll get, and not here. They'll send you to a state prison. When you get out, if you get out, you'll be so old, your life will be over. Better mine than yours. Nathan, when you came to me asking for money, I looked at you and saw a kid in over his head. But what I should have seen was a son who needed his father's help. I should have given you the money. I could have prevented this. No offense, dad, but so what? You're not guilty of murder. I have sins to pay for, Nathan. I belong here. I don't belong here. I'm a good person. So, I pop pills. I haven't killed anybody. Sure, maybe I, um, started a fire once. And I did discharge a firearm recently, but it was an accident. The bottom line is I don't need this place. Deb, I've been in your shoes. Gucci? I don't think so. - Denial is not your friend. - Oh, God. Give this program a chance, and you just might find - that rehab can help you. - Help me? This place makes me want to take pills. All I hear around here is whine, whine, whine, whine. Don't say "whine." - I'm an alcoholic. - Oh, my god. Get me out of here. God! So, listen. There's something that I haven't told anybody. Ooh, I love secrets. When I was unconscious, I saw Keith. Luke, you and Nate should really talk. Not in, like, the "Sixth Sense" sort of way, but... it felt so real. Well, don't laugh, but anytime I have a dream about my mom or Ellie, I like to think it's their way of contacting me from the other side-- like dreams are e-mails for ghosts, and it's their way of sending me a message. Okay. Well, if there's the remotest possibility that you're right, then what message was Keith trying to send me? Well, I don't know. What did you guys talk about? You, mostly. What-- does my breath stink or something? No, you smell really good. Okay, then what? I'm just not a really big fan of PDA. - Since when? - Since whenever. It just makes me uncomfortable. Good to know. So, what-- does PDA include holding hands, hugging? Yeah, I guess so. Probably. I don't know. Maybe not. I... I have english. I should go. I'll see you. What just happened? Hi, Mouth. It's me-- Gigi. I can see that. Quick question-- what do you like better, text or I.M.? For what? For when I break up with you. Gigi, I don't want you to break up with me. Then do you want to break up with me? If so, I like I.M.s. You can even use emoticons. I don't want either of us to break up with either of us. But if we did? Face-to-face. I would want to break up in person. But don't get me wrong. I don't want to break up. Okay, people, clear your desks. Get your pencils ready. I know you don't think you need it, but good luck. Just because you want to resort to theft instead of hard work doesn't mean I have to. Oh, look-- pink quizzes? Not quite. It's a flyer for that weirdo virgin club. That weirdo virgin club is called "Clean Teens." Hi, Shelly. Still trying to save the school one Rachel at a time? We're meeting tonight in room 104. Be  there or be sluts. Suit yourself, but if you change your mind, the door's always open. Just like Rachel's legs. Okay, you've got 30 minutes to complete this quiz. When I call "time," I want pencils down. Ready? I sure am. Begin. Mayor Scott is being held without bail as the investigation continues. Chicken noodle, extra noodle. ...allegedly beating the driver of a hit-and-run accident involving his son and daughter-in-law. How you feeling? I'm thinking about reaching out to Daunte's family. That's the name of the man that hit me. Who told you that? It's been on the news all day. Apparently he was some kind of bookie or gambler, but he was somebody's child, and now that I'm gonna be a mother-- Who are we without forgiveness, you know? And now these people not only lost the person that they loved, but they have to live with the fact that he almost killed a person. Well, two people. And I just thought maybe if I could let them know that I'm not angry, it might ease their pain. It was my fault. What was your fault? The accident, my father being sent to prison-- everything that happened that night was my fault. What are you talking about? I knew Daunte. I borrowed some money from him. Look, we couldn't pay our bills, and my dad turned me away. My mom was on drugs, and all I had to do was shave a few points off the spread, just win by less. I swear to god, Haley, I thought that it would be over after that, but Daunte wasn't finished. He wanted me to lose the state championship. Which you didn't do. Hayley, listen-- I'm so sorry, okay? But I was scared, and he threatened me. I was trying to lose the game, but then... you told me that we were gonna have a boy, and I just stopped being scared. All that mattered to me was you and our unborn son. So, my accident was just Daunte's revenge? Haley, I wish to God it was me. I can't believe I'm hearing this. There's something else. It wasn't my dad who beat Daunte. - It was me. - Nathan-- Haley, I saw you lying in the street, and I just lost my mind, okay? Please, you have to forgive me. You have no idea how hard it is for me to see you like this. Not as hard as it is for me to see you like this. You're a lucky man, Dan Scott. I thought my arraignment wasn't until tomorrow. Your arraignment's been cancelled. The coroner's report was just released. Turns out that good old Daunte wasn't beaten to death after all. What do you mean? Cause of death-- internal injuries suffered during the car crash. Daunte died on impact, before a single hand was laid on him. You're innocent, Mr. Mayor. How does it feel to be a free man? I feel as though a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I couldn't be more relieved. I'd like to thank my lawyer and family for their support. Mr. Mayor, how do you think this is going to affect your political future? Mr. Mayor, will you run for office again? However, while I have been cleared of these charges, I can't overlook the fact that I responded to a dire situation in a violent matter. My pregnant daughter-in-law was seriously injured, but violence is never the answer. And for this reason alone, if the good people of Tree Hill feel that I should step down... then I will resign. Even when I'm away in rehab, you find a way of getting in my face. No more questions. Ah, goody, my afternoon pills. What happened to the sheets? - Sheets? - The bed sheets. That go on the bed. Oh, those sheets? I was wondering the same thing-- about the sheets. Thanks for coming over, man. Yeah, you sounded pretty messed up in your message. What's up? I screwed up, man. I told Haley everything... about shaving points and throwing state and what I did to Daunte. It  was me, not Dan. I'm the one that attacked Daunte. - You? - Yeah. I need you to come with me, Lucas. I think I'm gonna turn myself in. You haven't watched the news, have you? Nathan, you didn't kill Daunte. He died in the accident from the impact. Dan's out of jail. They dropped the charges. - Really? - Yeah. You're off the hook. It still doesn't change the fact that I betrayed Haley. You should have seen the way she looked at me, man-- like I'm a monster. Now she's gone. Wait. What do you mean, she's gone? She's at your house. Your mom came over and picked her up. Look, I think you did the right thing, Nate. She's your wife. She needed to know. I'll talk to her. Hey, Luke... I'm glad you're okay, man. I'm sorry for everything. It's okay. Tell me you didn't return the key to the tutor center. I did, and you're welcome. Haley will never even find out. I failed. And you know what makes this so much worse? I missed an entire night of partying because I stayed up studying. You were right, okay? I'm not book-smart. I'm Brooke-smart, and there is a big difference. Lucky for you, little miss cute-but-not-so-smart, I... made a copy. Recent polls indicate that public support for Mayor Scott has actually risen since Scott was acquitted of murder charges earlier this afternoon. It's perfect. You buy your way out of my sins, and your approval rating skyrockets. Son, the only approval rating I care about is yours. I still can't believe you went as far as you did for me. I'd do it again if I had to. Thanks. It's good to see you out of the orange suit, even if you did have to pay off the coroner to write some false report. But, uh, we both know what I did. Listen to me, Nathan-- I didn't rig that report, and you didn't kill Daunte. If you believe one thing out of my mouth-- one thing for the rest of your life-- you believe this-- you were not responsible for taking that man's life. Trust me-- that's not the kind of guilt you want to carry around. Hey, roomie. So, I talked to Nathan. How you doing? Couldn't he have just been honest with me? My guess is he didn't want to let you down. Well, look how great that turned out. Haley, Nathan would do anything for you. You know that, don't you? He made bad choices, but he made them for you. Bad choices? Luke, a bad choice is, like, acid-wash jeans. Getting involved with a loan shark is a life-threatening, really stupid decision. Look at me, Luke. I'm a mess. I'm hurt. He was lying to me the entire time. Daunte was a bad guy. He tried to kill Nathan, and he almost killed you. But Nathan did what he thought... was best at the time. But he didn't kill him. I know. I've been watching the news all day. You know, this morning I actually felt sorry for Daunte. Why is it that it's so much easier to forgive a stranger than it is to forgive someone you love? I got your evite. I was hoping you would come. How could I pass up an invitation to my own breakup? Look, Mouth. I like you a lot. The thing is, I'm a sophomore, and you're a senior. Soon you'll be going off to college, and... I need to starting hanging out with kids my own age. That all makes sense, Gigi, but... I still don't see why we need to break up. I mean... can't we at least wait until the end of the year? No, because every day for the next few months, I'll know this will end. I can't do that, Mouth. I'm sorry. You, my friend, are going to have the hottest cast of all of the injured people in Tree Hill. Thanks. Hales, you okay? Yeah, fine. I just, um... I don't want to talk about me right now. How  are things with you and Lucas? Really good. Not so good. Lately I've kind of been ducking him. Why? You guys are in, like, that honeymoon phase. You should be having make-out sessions and long talks about when you first knew you wanted to be with each other. I've been holding in my feelings because I'm in love with him. Which makes no sense whatsoever. Well, it does to me. The last time Lucas and I kissed-- like, really kissed-- he had a heart attack, and he almost died. I'm bad luck. Oh, shut up. You are not. Yeah, I am. Think about every person I've gotten close to-- my mom, Jake, Ellie, Derek. Where are they all now? Even my dad works a thousand miles away. Peyton, there's one thing that you're not considering in all of this. What's that? None of those people are Lucas. I am so rocking this cat suit. I could totally be a thief. Good, because a lot of kids who flunk out of school - end up working as thieves. - Shut up. Okay, guys, we need two new volunteers for movie night. And anyone with suggestions other than "Forrest Hump"... ...please tell Alexa. Little late for a "Clean Teen" meeting, don't you think? What else do virgins have to do at night? Deb? Look, I'm sorry. This place just isn't for me. Well, you do know it's a voluntary program? All you have to do is sign out. Yeah, I knew that. Hurry up! I am going as fast as I can. Got it. Let's get out of here. This thing doesn't have any pockets. I told you we should have worn cargo pants. Well, whoever designed this has no concept of functional thief wear. Maybe you should design a line of clothing for criminals. Well, well, what do we have here? Girls? Principal Turner, hi. What brings you two to school so late? Um... you know, we just stopped by for the, uh... "Clean Teen" meeting. Clean Teens, please welcome our two newest members-- Brooke Davis and Rachel Gatina. Brooke, Rachel, I'd like to present each of you with a gift. Brooke Davis, Rachel Gatina, do you promise to treasure and protect the sacredness of your virginity now and forever? Forever? Or at least until marriage? And do you promise to uphold the values of "Clean Teens," to stay strong in the face of temptation, and to keep man parts out of your lady business? Can we still Brooke ourselves? Oh, yeah, that's totally allowed. Then... I do. Brooke? Just one second. We have got to get out of here. Yeah, sure, let's just pretend that principal Turner didn't see us in the hallway dressed like burglars. Maybe he won't notice when you get an "A" in calculus. This is our alibi. We need to lay low. Besides, these bitches are crazy. It might be fun. Fine. Yeah, whatever, I'm in. Congratulations, ladies. I now pronounce you virgins for life. You still look like a slut. You still smell like a whore. Oh, I almost forgot. Brooke, Rachel, welcome to "Clean Teens." Ooh! Hugs! Put them on. This is crazy. I don't want to break up with Gigi. We're good together. I mean, who cares if I'm going to college? People have long-distance relationships all the time. Right? I think if your heart's telling you to make it work, then you got to make it work. Whoa, whoa, whoa, pay no attention to the man who's never been in a long-distance relationship. Trust me-- distance is tricky. What's so tricky about it? Out of sight, out of mind. Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Physical separation leads to emotional separation. Yeah, and technology closes that gap. Guys, guys, this isn't helping. I'm just gonna have to figure this one out on my own. Hey, Mouth, do you remember when you asked me if we'd have been better off if we never left the river court? - Yeah. What about it? - You still think that? I think it would have been better for Jimmy. Do you think about him much? All the time. You? Lately, yeah. Haley? Mom, what are you doing out of rehab? Exactly what it looks like, and I'm not proud of myself. You're not gonna find anything in there. You're right. I'm sorry. I'm a disappointment to you, Nathan. I shouldn't let you see me like this. Mom... ...Haley left me. Oh, God. Uh, I'm the last person who should be giving advice. But even in my drugged-up stupor, I can see that what you and Haley have is worth fighting for. You busy? No, just faking it. Sorry I was being a weirdo earlier. You mean when you didn't kiss me on the quad, or when you said, "dreams are e-mail for ghosts"? Both? What's wrong, Peyton? I want to kiss you, Luke. I do. I just don't want to lose you. Hey, what makes you think you're gonna lose me? Only the fact that I lose everyone I care about. Anytime I open up to someone, they walk out of my life, or they die. Or they move away or they get shipped off to Iraq or they turn into frickin' Norman Bates or-- Not everyone. Look, the last time we kissed, you had a heart attack. And I didn't die. I couldn't die. Do you know why? Because I had to come back and look into those green eyes of yours and tell you I love you. I do. I love you, Peyton. You didn't push me away. I came back for you. No matter how long it takes, I'll wait for you. Nathan. I need to see my wife. Haley, we can't be apart like this. We need to be together. Always and forever. I'll leave the two of you alone. I'm sorry, okay? I never wanted to hurt you, and I'm sorry for all the ways that I did. I know you're sorry. I know you don't want to hurt me. But I need to know that you're gonna be honest with me. I promise-- I need to know that you're gonna let me in, Nathan-- I mean, all the way. I will. Okay, I'll let you in. If that's what it takes, I'll let you in. It's just sometimes I'm afraid that if I do, you'll see the real me, the guy I was before you. I'm not proud of that person, the one that I used to be. But if I have to be that guy to keep you safe, then that's who I'm gonna be. Look, if you want me to apologize for defending you or for fighting back when somebody hurts you, then I can't do that. I won't do that, okay? Because the truth is that's a guy I'll never be-- a guy that just stands by and watches while the world hurts you. Can you understand that? - I can't. - Haley, you have to. No, I can't keep standing on one foot. So if there's more, I should sit down. But if you're done, then just take me home 'cause I'm tired and I miss you and I love you, every version of you. Dan? What is wrong with people, to come into your house and do this? They must have done it before they knew your charges were dropped. I assure you, Karen, I had absolutely nothing to do with my release. It was Nathan, wasn't it? I saw his hand. Daunte was already dead, Karen. Yeah, but you didn't know that then. And you still took the blame. I had to protect my son. I had no choice. You're a mother, Karen. You would have done the same thing. What's this for? I thought I saw someone I used to know. I took your advice. I told Peyton how I felt. I got to tell you something. You were right. It felt good to tell her. Thanks, Keith. Have you ever had a dream that seemed so real, when you woke up you didn't know what to believe? What would you do if what you thought was true wasn't? And what you thought wasn't true was? Thank you for telling the truth. Now I know why they call it true love. Would you retreat into your dreams with the hope of finding a more perfect reality? We can make this work. I'll come home on weekends. We'll talk on the phone. Gigi, we can make this work. I'll come home on the weekends... Look at it this way-- yesterday you were a slut with an "F." Today you have an "A" in math and your virginity back. - You should be psyched. - Yeah. Brooke, Rachel! Over here! Sometimes life is stranger than a dream. And the only way to wake up is to face what lies hidden in your soul I still don't believe that Jimmy killed you, Keith. Then why do you? Jimmy Edwards was your friend, Luke. You knew him. You were kind to him. After everything we've seen don't you think that that kindness had an impact? If it did, then you would still be alive. Do you really believe that, Luke? Look into your heart, okay? It may be flawed physically, but it's a good one, and it's what makes you you. Luke, you've changed other people's lives by opening it up. Don't close that off. And you can only hope that in those moments of dark reflection... ...that you are not alone. Hey. I've been waiting for you. I think we've