I traded the car for the bike and I made 200 bucks. Your Mum wants you back in the team. You have to stay on your medication and we limit you to 15 minutes a night. A full scolarship. Tell coach K, I won't let him down. Haley! I'm going to Duke. I'm pregnant. You're gonna be okay. I think my dead uncle saved my life. I killed my brother. He's a part-time model. You're a 22 years old fashion designer. - Named Peyton. - Very funny. - Hi. - Hi, I'm... Peyton. Look, I just have a very bad feeling about this guy. Leave me alone! My God! Don't you know we're supposed to be together? - Who the hell are you? - I'm her brother, bitch. Life comes at us from out of the darkness...</i> Peyton! Peyton! And at times, we can struggle to find the courage to face it.</i> Thanks for almost braining me with the keys. Wow... It's bright. Yeah, well... With psycho Derek still out there, I really haven't been able to sleep for 48 hours. I thought maybe I'd try to paint the shadows away... Can't you talk to your mom? Maybe she can help. Come on, Hales, you see my mom. She can't even help herself right now. I hate to say it, but what about your Dad? Hales, I know that we're in trouble financially right now, but, I'm gonna take care of it, I promise. As soon as the basketball season ends, I'm gonna get a job, but I'm not gonna go to my Dad for this. Okay, I'm sorry, it's just... We're gonna have a family soon, and I guess I just need that guy from the press conference to tell me everything's gonna be okay again. It will. Oh, and I know that we're eventually (hit*) to get a car, so I figured until then... You could ride with me. I know you don't expect me to wear this. Come on, it's so "Garden State". Besides, you were the one that needed a helmet to ride the motorcycle... Hey! Hey! No... - Hey. - Hey, girl. You are a full-on genius I don't know why you even doubt me. Just bow down to the master. Oh, I'm bowing. I am so crushed out on model boy, or should I say model man? You like? Real cultured Tiffany's. Courtesy of Nick. So, I'm thinking you might be over Lucas, right about now. Well, let's see the last thing Lucas gave me was a mix-tape. Mix-tape, earings, mix-tape, earings. I totally owe you one. Well, take your seats, I'm your new english teacher, Mr Chavez. Nick? Peyton? Here. I have to go to the nurse, I'm gonna be sick. This is all your fault! Well? You skanked me into this, how about you help me out? Hey, I am not the one that ditch my boyfriend to have my (horn trimmed) by her highschool english teacher. Although, I am kind of jealous. Thank you.  That is very constructive. What am I supposed to do about it now, genius? I have to see him every day until I'm graduate. - This is so embarrassing. - Look... He's probably just as embarassed about the situation as you are. Okay, maybe not that embarassed, but, bottom line Brooke, you have to deal with him. Deal with him? Deal with him how? Car crash? Drowning? What do you suggest? Look, why don't you just wait until school is over that way you can talk to him alone. I mean, you can't skip school forever. Oh really? Says who? Why do I need stupid english for... any...how..? Okay. Would you do me a favor and check the hallway to make sure the coast is clear? Actually... You might wanna wait a second. Are we expecting an outbreak of stalkers and photographers or you're just ashamed of being seen with me? No... Everybody knows. I guess bad news travel fast. Are you gonna be okay? Every time I close my eyes, I see him there, watching me, and now, I gotta come to school and deal with all of them watching me? Did you try calling your Dad? No! Look, I know he will come home the minute I call but what's the point, okay? It's over. And there's probably like hundred Police officers out there looking for psycho Derek, so, what's my Dad gonna do? Protect you. - I can take care of myself. - Eh, I know that. But it's okay to be afraid from time to time. Really? What are you afraid of? This morning, I ask Withey if I could play again. - That's great, Luke. - Yeah. But with my heart condition, it still doesn't change the fact that it's scary. Well, then, why are you playing? Because it's who I am. And you need to be who you are. I'm out of here. Wait! Peyton... If you let this change you... He wins. Maybe he wins. - Gigi. - Mouth! - I was just thinking about you. - Good. You know, now that we're in the playhouse, we got to step up our game for the webcast. I'm gonna ask you out. Did you just ask me out? Like on a date? No, not yet, but... I'm going to. I just wanted to let you know. What do we got here? The Ravens star riding the bus. Someone wants to talk to you. You know me? I know you. Nathan Scott. Tree Hill's best power forward in 15 years. You have at least 28 points a game. You just recording your fourteenth triple-double this year. That, plus a *** jumpshot who put your old man ashamed. How am I doing so far? Pretty good. Daunte Jones. Hey. How come you're not signing with Duke? I never say I wasn't. Good answer. More important question is... Are we going to state? You can bet on it. I just might. - You want a ride? - No, i'm good, thanks. All right, suit yourself. Let me give you some advice. Win State and go to Duke. This town has been waiting a long time for a state title. Too long. Take care of that knee. If you're not gonna coach, at least you could mentor the kid a little. It's a full ride to Duke. It's something he's been working for all his life. I made that mistake with you. I'm not gonna make it with Nathan. Now, if you'll excuse me... I have a state championship to win. What do you know about the art on my office wall? "And he said, what hast thou done? The voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground". Caïn and Abel, Danny. I know my Bible. The question is... What's it doing on your wall? Probably a prank. It seems someone thinks I mistreated Keith while he was alive. We all have to tone for our sins. What that's supposed to mean? It means Judgement Day is waiting for us all. It's a good thing you pray, Whitey. What are you doing? Just praying he won't kill me. How does he look? Does he look mad? Yes. But in a hot way. Maybe I should talk to him for you. Would you? Thanks. Not so fast. All right, look, I sort of have a lot of experience in this. He's gonna say you should have never lied to him, and that it can't work cause of the age difference, then he's gonna say there's no way you two can be together because he's your teacher. And then he's gonna yell a lot. But then it will be over. Just remember, if he gets really mad, start crying. It works every time. See you in the quad. Good luck. Hi. Brooke Davis... 18, highschool student. Okay... I know, I'm sorry. I should have told you the truth about how old I am and who I am but... We met and we went out and I liked you. I just didn't know... You shouldn't have lied. I know. We really can't do this, right? Right. You said you were 23. - You said you were a model. - Part-time, but full-time, I'm your teacher so, we really can't do this. Absolutely not. But, if we were to do this... We'll have to make sure that no one knows. No one. Not a soul. If, we were to do this. I won't tell if you want. Done. Look who are all up in my house, dog. Oh my God, you have one decent game and all of a sudden it's your house. I heard a rumor you might be coming of the banch into playoff. Eh, is that true, Luke? It's true my friends. I'm back. Okay. Me and my boy back together again. 40 minutes a night, in the big time. Actually, Whitey only give me 15 minutes a game, you know, due to my heart condition. So... I guess you'll be wanting this back. Since you started this year with it, you keep it. - You're sure? - Yeah, I'm sure. Cool. All right, look, game in 21. Make it, take it. In your case, Mr 15 minutes man, we're going to make the game 11. All right. Mouth, what are you doing? Gigi wants to go out with me. Gigi's cute. Well, I don't really think about her in that way. I mean, I really don't even know her, but... I don't want to heart her feelings. What should I do? Oh, I'm not the relationship expert this days, trust me. But, you're smart, Mouth, you'll figure it out. And 'ever you do, just be nice. So? You were right, it was... Really intense. So it's over? Yeah, it's over. It's over the limit? Are you sure? Can you just check again? Yeah. Okay. No, yeah. thanks. Everything okay? I tried to use our credit card this morning and it was denied. And now the card compagny's telling me we're over our limit. Have you talked about this with Nathan? Sort of, but he, he just says everything is gonna be okay. Karen, If we can't make ends meet now, what are we gonna do when the baby comes? Okay, all right, let's not panic. You know, if it's more else working, I can help you out with that. You know, mornings before school or nights, whatever. Yeah, okay. If you need a short lean on or someone to talk to, I can help you with that too. After all, I am the expert on teenage pregnancy. Pretty dark, don't you think? I love you, Luke. But I've chosen darkness. Well, I just want to come check up on you, girly. How's your head? Is that me... Or I'm the reason people always leave? Or I'm the reason all this things keep hapening to me? Maybe I'm just destined to be alone. It's not you. And you're not alone. But eventually you gonna have to be. No, you're right, I can do it. All right. But just in case, you have a key to my place, and I'm just a phone call away. Thanks. Where are you going? I just need to get a workout so I'm going for a run. You're gonna have to run a marathon to take care of that ass. - Hey. - Hi. I'm sorry. I tried. Have you talked to your brother? He won't call me back. He's like a Marine or something. Can I stay? Sure. Good thing to deal with an old friend. Seems he wasn't aware that our star forward had a pregnant wife. Yeah, when he heard about your situation, he was happy to take your bike back in trade. Thanks, but I can't accept this from you. NCAA rules. Nathan, it's your car. There's no money changing hands here. Just consider this the Tree Hill alumni lending an helping hand. It's what you're calling yourself these days, alumni? Why do you go ruin a perfectly good gesture by making me feel bad? Just take the car. What am I gonna do with that piece of crap? You know, Nate... as Ravens guys, stick together. Daunte... Thanks. I love working for Uncle Sam! I love working for Uncle Sam! Let's my know just who I am. Let's my know just who I am. One, two, three, four... One, two, three... Left face! Strauss, continue the run please! I tried to call you. I know. Look, it's Peyton. She's not doing well. And remind me why this is my concern? She's your sister. I don't even know her. And to be honest, if this introduction was any indication of what her side of the family might be like, I'll pass. Look, with Ellie gone, you're the only family she's got. Look around you, Scott. We deal with some pretty serious situations here. Life threatening type situations, so... You'll have to excuse me if I don't have time for your highschool dramas. Come on, man! She needs your help. I need your help. When I started my first tour overseas, I made it a point to get to know all the guys in my unit because they also needed help. But, it's a war and people die. So, after a while, I learned to stop getting to know the new guys. It was just easier that way. Sorry you made the trip... But I can't help you. You travel half way around the world to fight for a complete stranger... but you don't have it in your heart to fight for your own flesh and blood. Hey, sorry. Haley, you're late. And where is Peyton? I know, I'm sorry I had to close up the cafe. Peyton didn't even come to school today. I think cheerleading is out of question. Well, she lets one little stalker into her life, and we all get screwed, that's nice. Brooke, some of us actually have real problems. Fine. How is she doing? Honestly, I don't think, she's doing that well, and it would kind of be nice if you knew that. Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't you guys used to be like best friends? - What are you gonna do with this? - Don't ask me, okay? I'm not the bitch who started it. Okay well, while we're dealing with all things Brooke, somebody left a message for you at the apartment about styling a fashion show or something... What? Why didn't they just call me? I don't know. Maybe because you move from house to house like a little nomady camel. I saved the message. Thank you. Oh, Haley... Just don't tell Peyton I asked about her, okay? Okay. Uh, you wanted to see me, coach? Yeah, come on in, son. This is Keith's number. I'm pretty sure he'd want you to have it. - You're taking your medications? - Yes, sir. Good. You know... It took every ounce of strength your mother has to come in here and ask me to take you back. She loves you that much. Enough to put your dreams ahead of her fears. You've got 15 minutes a game to make her proud. And a lifetime to make them both proud. All right, fans, the close season is on the way. If the Ravens can win the next five games, they'll be state champions. But lose one, and the season is over. Nathan Scott, ***! The triple threat of Antoine Skills Taylor and Scott brothers, Nathan and Lucas, are unstoppable. Ravens by 10. Lucas Scott has become the Ravens secret weapon of the 'Vens. They swing it over to Skills Taylor. Skills, with the sweet River Court move for 2. Smell like **** baby. bar white toast Ravens 84, Bear Creek 62. The Ravens win in advance. Bear Creek season is over. The Ravens ***** dominate force on this playoff since the Scott brothers are on their own. Luke works the ball to Skills. Skills gives the alley-oop to Nathan, and Nathan drives it home. Long range from Lucas Scott. Ravens are up by 15 now, and that is the magic number as Coach Durham calls it a night for number 22. That also looks like the end of the road for the Cove City Cougars as the Ravens Coast to an easy win. Gigi? Dinner or... a movie? When I ask you out. And the Ravens advance to the state quarter-finals. Skills Taylor brings the ball up-court, he finds Nathan Scott with a no look pass. Nathan lays it in and the Ravens have a huge (meet?) Whitey Durham can feel it, this is over. Don't look now folks, but if Tree Hill can win one more game, they'll be playing for the state championship. The fans are on their feet, and they should be. I'll tell you what, this could be the best Ravens'... - Yes! - Yes! One more game and we are in the state championship. Not so fast Hales, I mean, we still got Verona, and they're pretty tough. Oh yeah, but between you, Lucas, and Skills, nothing's gonna stop us now. Oh, maybe I spoke too soon. Nathan, it's just our lights, what's going on? I guess that was our third notice. Oh God, Nathan, we... As much as I hate to say this, I really think it's time you talk to your Dad. I hope you're here to tell me you're signing with Duke. I'm not here to talk about basketball. I'm having money problems, Dad. It's serious and... I need your help. You know, Nathan... It broke my heart when you emancipated yourself and turned away from me as a father. God knows I tried to be there for you. But you're married, and you're a man now. My sole wish for you is that you find your way. But you're gonna have to do that on you're own. So you're saying you're not gonna help me, not at all. No, what I'm saying is, whenever I invest money, I look on the potential for return on that money. Right now, you're not an investement I'm interested in. But I'm your son. Really? I thought you were emancipated. Thanks for nothing... Dad. Haley. I don't know if I can have this baby, Karen. What do you mean? They shut the power off last night, and... I'm the only one of us with a job, and I'm pregnant, and I'm in high school. And Nathan is this close to getting his basketball scolarship, but he can't do that and have time for a job, and I really have no idea how this is gonna work out, Karen. Haley, when I was your age, and I was pregnant with Lucas, I didn't have two pennies (stripped?) together, I didn't have any friends, I didn't have college, matter of fact, I didn't even have a family. That doesn't really make me feel better, Karen. Look at you! You have a great support system, and friends, and family... You have a future ahead of you in college, but most of all, you have Nathan. It's sure it's not gonna be easy, but you gotta have faith. Trust me. You can do this. You can do this. So let me get this straight. You and Peyton are just friends, right? I wish I had friends like that. Derek, hey. Skills, this is Peyton's brother, Derek. Hey. Who would have guessed Peyton's brother... was a brother. Caporal Sommers. Big Daddy Skills. - I wanted to talk to you about... - Luke... Peyton. I'll leave you to it. Thank you. I tried calling you. I wasn't sure I wanted to see you. Like the first time I called you and you hanged up on me... A simple thank you would suffice. I was the victim, okay? It wasn't my fault. Well, there's your first problem, right there. Thinking like a victim. Don't. Don't judge me, 'cause you don't know the first thing about me. You're right. Let's change that. Take a ride with me. Give me one good reason why I should. Because right now, I'm the only family you got. And if you don't mind me criticizing your personal apparence, one of these days you're gonna have to sleep. You're not really what I expected. What do you mean? Well, I don't know, I just expected someone... I thought you'd be more like... More white. No! That's not what I meant. Maybe it's the Marine part. My mother is african-american. And as far as the Marines goes, this place saved my life. When I was just a little younger than you, my dad... our dad, he left me and my mum. Well, it figures, looks like the boy was right about one thing, we got a dead-beat dad. This is tough. She worked two jobs, and that left me pretty much on my own. I started getting into trouble. Nothing horrible, but nothing I'm proud of either. What I didn't know at the time was that mostly, I was just scared. This place showed me how to not be scared. Fear is like a disease, so if you don't treat it, it'll eat you up. All right. But guess what? The last Derek I trusted... Tried to kill me. I didn't say it would be easy. Do you think this is easy for me? I didn't asked for anyone new in my life. - Then why are you helping me? - Because your friend Lucas cared enough to convince me. I'm looking at you, I see that fear. But I also see strength. Come on. Hold it up, okay? Remind me why I'm doing this again. Because it's one of my dresses for TART. TART? Textile Art Rude Tour. It's a touring fashion show to showcase new designers. And a designer dropped out, and now I'm in, but I'm running out of time... so chop chop. What do I get in return? Well, you're helping me with my work, so I could help you with yours. I could grade your important papers, give Peyton an F... I was thinking something a little more... Physical... So that's all this is about for you? Sex? Of course not. Well, what is it then? I mean, nobody knows we're together, all we do is sneak around, not that there's anything wrong with sneaking around, but... What's it about if it's not just sex? I know it's not fair to you Brooke. Maybe you're right, maybe we should stop this. You could do that? I don't want to hurt you. Ouch! Care to revise that answer? How about this... In 3 months, you'll be done with school... and then it doesn't matter what anyone thinks. And the world can know, and it will be just about us. You and me. Yeah, that's a good answer. You get an A. Now old this. Looks like we're a little early for smack-down. We have a boxing team on base. Well, you better watch out for my right hook. You think so? Thanks. Okay. Let's see it. Right. I'm serious. Hit me. Forget it. This is weird. The first step in learning how not to be scared, is knowing how to defend yourself. - Come on. Hit me. - I'm not gonna hit you, okay? Derek... Stop! Is that all you got? Punch me like you mean it, Sawyer. You hit like a girl. I am a girl. A weak, scared, defenseless little girl. Okay, Sawyer, so there's actually a real person in there. Again. Hands up. Yeah! You're scared, uh? You wanna act like a little baby, and cry, and stay in the house all the time? No. Shut up. Picture, Peyton... Picture everything that hurts you, and fight it back. Yeah, fight back! Yeah! Yeah, fight back, yeah! Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, fight back. Yeah, fight back! Shut up! Okay, this Gigi thing is a DEFCON 5. - You gotta help me for this. - Okay. The blow-off 101, let's review. One, you can't date her right now, but it's not her, it's you. Two, you're so messed up right now, she'd be miserable dating you. Three, there are way better guys she could have in her life, and forth, are you ready for this? Dating would ruin your really special friendship. But listen Mouth, if she gets bummed when you tell her you wanna be good friends, then tell her you wanna be great friends, okay? Mouth, are you listening? It's okay. I've already heard this speech. Hey, Mouth. Gigi, I know you wanna ask me out, but I don't want you to. Because... I wanna ask you out. Uh... I'll have to think about it, and get back to you. Okay, I've thought about it and... I'd love to go out with you Mouth. When life comes rushing at you from out of the darkness,</i> who will you chose to face it with?</i> Will it be someone you trust? What are we gonna do Nathan, if we... I took care of it. I know that must have been really difficult for you to talk to your father, thank you for doing that for me. Thank you for doing that for us. Burning the midnight oil, killer? Who is this? I know what you did. Will they be wise? Oh, what's that for? Because you were right. I have a great future and I have great friends, and I have the best husband. You know what I'm really thankful for? I have you. How's our star player doing? Good. And thanks man, I know that was a lot of money, but I'm gonna pay you back. Every cent. Take your time. Just don't disappoint me out there, Nate. And will their love for you help them to guide you to the light?</i> Or will they lose their way in the darkness?</i> Will they make noble choices? Or will that person be someone untested?</i> Someone new... So you're living? I know we're related Peyton, and maybe in another life we'd be closer, but... I'm a Marine, and you've got your own life. I can't be that guy for you. Why not? I guess what I'm saying is I... I don't wanna be that guy. I'm sorry. You can take a pass on tonight, she's gonna be fine. - You sure? - No. But if you keep babying her, you'll never find out. Look, you know you should really get to know her. She needs someone special in her life, you know... She's already got someone special in her life. She has you. Thanks, Scott. So what? You're just gonna leave her? I didn't say that. I've got some experience with late night guard duty. But she doesn't need to know that. She just needs to know that she can do it alone. Life comes rushing at you from out of the darkness,</i> and when it does, is there someone in your life you can count on?</i> Come on Peyton, you can do this. Someone who'll watch over you when you stumble and fall,</i> and in that moment... give you the strength