Slow,sluggish,and plodding. Mostly just messing around with my online thesaurus. Hmm,apparently. I was doing some organizing, and look what I found. That was a long time ago. You know what I love about it? That smile on your face. I don't think I've ever seen you look so happy. Makes me wonder if maybe you were happier then. You know?Before the book was published. Before you moved back home. Before us. Lindsey... ...you make me so happy. Really? You wouldn't change anything? Not a thing. tomorrow night,you play for the division ii title. However,in my opinion,you can go up against any college squad in the nation. Now,for those of you who have won a championship, I don't have to remind you how good it makes you feel. The rest of you will just have to trust me. Now,I want you to go home and hit the sheets -- preferably alone. Coach. Go home,luke. Actually,I was thinking I was gonna watch a little bit more tape. Lucas,you've been a great assistant coach this year, and someday you're gonna take over the team,but for now,you take orders from me. Go home and go to bed. All right. Oh,and no late-night cyber chats with long-distance blondie. All right. There's my little track star. -Hi! -Hey,buddy. -Oh,sweetie, he is - - ball. Did you hear that? He just said "ball. -" I swear he just said "ball. -" He said "ball," man. He's definitely your son! And he's a lucky kid. You look more and more like me every day. Say it again.Say it again. "Ball." "Ball. -Hey. -Hi. What time is it? Almost 4:30. I couldn't sleep either. Yeah,neither could he. You just excited about seeing peyton or the game or what? Actually,peyton's not coming. She couldn't get away from work. Oh,I'm sorry,luke. I guess that's life in the music business. I guess. Do you ever miss it? Mm,sometimes. Especially when I see you chasing your dreams of being a writer. But,uh,I'll get back to chasing my dreams someday. All I have to show for my writing career is a stack of rejection letters. Besides,when I see the three of you together,I... I just want what you guys have. You know we could not have done this last year without you living here and helping. Between school and basketball and jamie... I know it's hard to be away from peyton. We all made sacrifices. I mean,for the first time in your academic career,you're getting b'S. It was a b-plus,okay? -Hey. -Yeah? You're a part of this family, and you always will be. Thanks. Night,little man. Ball. Yes.I will get your ball. Little early,aren't you? Well,maybe after tonight people will look at me as a champion again,not a point-shaver. We're gonna win thne,blittlerother. Oh,yeah. This is the ultimate cinderella story. For years the cobras have been perennial doormats,but this season, under the leadership of nathan scott,their fortunes have changed. Attack the gap! Get back on "d"!Come on! Look high-low!Look high-low! After a game that's seen 17 lead changes, we're all tied up with less than a minute to go in the fourth. Scott's been carrying this team,but does he have enough left in his tank? -All right. -Now,listen up. Sorry,coach. What's the game plan? You tell me. You know,I told you someday that you'd be taking over. Well,this is it. You're ready. Go on. Bring us home. It appears whitey durham is headed to the locker room. I guess that leaves the cobras under the leadership of assistant coach lucas scott, who used to play for durham once upon a time. Okay.Heads up. We're gonna go man-to-man, full-court press. I want you to force the ball sidelines. Anticipate this pass over the top. When we get the ball back, they're gonna double-team, so I want you to stagger screens here and here. Nathan,ball's in your hands. Whatever you say... coach. All right. Let's win this. On three. One,two,three. Cobras! Hey,nate! Maybe you want to consider the fadeaway. Fadeaway's weak,man. All right,match up by the 12! Nice. -it's you. -What? When all my dreams come true,the one I want next to me -- I-it's you. It's you,peyton. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:Mina</font> One Tree Hill Season05 Episode05</font> Good job,son. You ran that final play just like I would have. Maybe so,but you sure do know how to kick a guy out of the nest. Lucas,you were always a great player, but you're an even better coach. There's nothing more I can teach you, which is why this is my final game. Coach. I've already talked to the dean and the A.D.About it. They've never had a student coach before,but,uh,then again, they've never had a championship before,either. They both agreed that you're ready. I-I don't know what to say. Just promise me you'll always remember there are more important things in life than basketball. So,what about you?I mean, what are you gonna do now? Oh,I don't know.Now that I'm retired, probably go to basketball games and yell at the coach. I would agree with that as well, but,I mean,after a season like that, the d-I scouts have got to take notice. Right now,I'm just happy with playing the game. If there's one thing this year's taught me it's that the most important thing is my family. Hey,nate. -The bus is leaving. -Okay. Hey,thanks for your time. So,how'd it go? That was the first time in a year I didn't get asked about point-shaving. All right. -Hi,sweetie. - Hey,you ready? Oh,you should ride with the team.We just wanted to say goodbye. -See you at home. -See you,hales. Hey,scott.You got a cute kid. Wonder if he'll grow up to be a cheater like his old man. Just think -- you could teach him to shave and shave points. Why don't I shave your face on the pavement? Come on,nate.Come on. Nate!Come on. Get on the bus.Get on the bus! play this song when you win the championship.--peyton That was a hell of a move tonight. Soon as the ball left my hands,I knew it was going in. I'm talking about after the game. Look,I didn't put off my pension so you can beat up any jackass that heckles you. I know.I'm sorry. You've worked hard this season. A lot of eyes are on you. But you've got to be careful. If you're not,that temper of yours will be all you have left. I just don't know if people are ever gonna forget the mistakes I've made. The important thing is for you to get past them. I mean,this is not gonna go away just by playing better. You've got to live better. You're right. I get it,coach. Nathan,I just don't want you to look back down the road in a couple of years and wonder what might have been. We all know where that path can lead a man. Dan. For the record,that last shot was a hell of a move. -Hey,coach. -Hey. So,37 years of coaching -- where does this night rank? This would be number three. Number two was your high-school championship. And what was the first? The first was the night camilla agreed to join a scrawny kid just embarking on a 37-year coaching career. There's more important things in life than basketball. That's right. Hey,coach. You wouldn't mind dropping me by the airport,would you? Be happy to,son. Hey,sawyer,you got a call on line 1. Okay. This is peyton. Hey.It's me. I've been trying to call you all morning. I watched the game highlights online. I wish I could have been there. Yeah,me too. So,uh,what are you wearing? Luke,I-I can't do that right now. I'm at work. Well,I'm thinking a pink floyd tee over the long-sleeve white shirt and maybe those sexy jeans with the hole in the knee? Wow.You are good! yes,i'm. Really good. Luke! Hi! I can't believe you're here! Yeah,well,since you couldn't come see me... -hi -Hi. So,uh,this is marketing and distribution? so,I might ve pimped up my job description just a little. Basically,I work in the mail room. Well,that's hollywood, right?It's always abouthe spin. I'll bet you know more about music than most of these tools. Shh,you're gonna get me in trouble. And they are not all tools,okay? Not in the box -- on my desk. Right.I'm sorry. And,you,onion bagel, light on the cream cheese. Right away,carl. It's blake! Well,it's good to see they're nice. No.Seriously.Why do you put up with this? I will show you why. See that girl right there? Three months ago she was in thehe mail room,and now she's a junior a&r exec. Yeah,but I bet she didn't produce two albums before she graduated high school. Okay.You're gonna have to go before you get us both fired. All right. Look,I got dinner reservations for us at 8:00. Is that too late? No,it's actually -- it's kind of early. We usually go till at least 9:00. All right.Then it's 9:30. Perfect.I'll meet you at the restaurant. Just text me the address,okay? All right. God,luke,it is so good to see you. Bye. Hi!I am so sorry.I'm so late. I got stuck going over the canyon. It's okay.I'm just glad you're here. God,look at you! What? No.I just -- I haven't seen a suit on anybody in so long, unless they're an agent or a lawyer or a successful novelist. Oh,I don't know about that. I get a new rejection letter every day. Luke,your book is good. It's gonna happen.I know it. So when the executives blow off the shows,we get the tickets. Like monday,I went and saw ryan adams at the viper room, and then wednesday was tegan and sara at the roxy,and,I don't know, I just -- it blows my mind,you know? These are bands we grew up listening to,and now I've got a front-row seat. That's great. We've had our fair share of bands in tree hill,thanks to you. God.Anyway,enough about me. You won a freaking championship! I want to hear everything. Well,whitey's gonna step down as head coach,and he wants me to take over the team. He thinks it'll be good for nathan and... he thinks I'm ready. Luke,that's incredible. I know -- I get salary, benefits,and a big office. Wow.That sounds very...adult. I got that song you sent. Oh.You know what?I have something else for you,too. I made you a mix of a bunch of stuff that doesn't street for a couple months. Thank you. I got you something,too.Um... Oh,crap.I'm sorry. -It's work. -Don't answer. They're just gonna keep calling back. Hello. Yeah -- right now? Yeah,um,of course I like my job. Okay.Right away,sir. I'm sorry. Can't you at least stay for dessert? Tell you what -- how about we have dessert back at my place? Or how about at our room at the beverly hilton? Luke,you did not have to do that. I wanted to. All right.This is gonna be quick.I'll be there by 11:00. -I promise. -All right. Bye. Hey. When did you get here? I don't know.Like an hour ago. You know,you could have, uh... could have woke me up. Luke. What is this? I couldn't bring myself to open it, but I -- I've just been sitting here thinking about how much I love you. Well,I wanted it to be a surprise,but, Peyton,I love you,and I want us to be together forever. Luke,wait.Okay. I-I know it's a bit sudden,okay? But,I mean,yesterday was a great day. And I'm sitting on the bus,and I realized none of my great days of my life... matter without you. You're the one I want next to me when my dreams come true, and you're the one I want next to me if they don'T. As long as I have you... nothing else matters. There's -- it's just not as simple as all that,okay? There's a lot we have to talk about. I know,but we'll figure out the details when we get back to tree hill. Okay,I know that's home for you,and I miss it sometimes -- I do -- but for me, tree hill is two dead moms and a psycho stalker and some really painful memories. I actually had to move out to hollywood to get away from all the drama. So right now,this is my home,and the only thing that's missing is you. Then I'll move here. No.Luke,honey, whitey believes in you, and nathan needs you. And if I ask you to walk away from your dream, you're gonna wake up one day and resent me for it -- the same way I would feel if you asked me to leave L.A. Peyton... you get people coffee and you deliver mail. You were doing more than that in tree hill. Well,I love you for believing that, but I have to prove that to myself. I mean,you see,that's the thing. We both have so much we want to do with our lives,and we're only 19. And nathan and haley were a lot younger than that. Okay.Well,we see how easy that's been. Come on.In another year... peyton... we've seen each other three times in the last year. We go days without talking. We trade few e-mails. We've already grown so far apart. Who knows where we'll be a year from now? Luke,if you can't trust that our love can make it one year, I don't understand how we can be talking about forever right now. You're saying no. No! I -- I am not saying no. I'm saying not now. I want to marry you someday. Hey,don't do that.Don't pull away from me,okay? I want us to be together! I love you so much. Just not enough. Okay.Can we take this back? Can we just pretend like you never woke up?Please! I don't think we can. I'm afraid that this conversation is gonna end with... " goodbye. " Luke,don'T.Come here. Our dreams are gonna come true, lucas -- my music and your novel. It's gonna happen. goodbye,peyton. luke? ...flight to hartford. -hi. -hi I'm sorry to bother you,but I have to get back a little sooner than expected. See what we can do. Thanks. excuse me....one second -Hello. -hi Is this lucas scott? Yeah.Who's this? Uh,my name's lindsey strauss. I'm a junior editor at putnam and pratt. I,uh,read your novel. Well,it's nice of you to call. Everyone else sends their rejection letters first-class. Actually,I loved it. And I passed it on to my boss, and he feels the same way. Hello? No,I-I'm still here. What I'm saying is,we want to publish your book,lucas. How soon can you be in new york? Uh,I'll figure it out. Yeah.Okay.I'm looking forward to seeing you,too. Bye. I need to go to new york. They're publishing my novel. Congratulations. Must be a dream come true. You're all set. Hey,I need you to go on a coffee run. Okay.In a minute. I don't have a minute. Hey. I said I need a minute! Don't get me wrong -- the writing's good,but I'm not gonna lie to you. When I found out your father was a convicted murderer -- I mean,that's exactly the kind of hook we need in today's market. I think our newest literary talent needs a drink. When you're done,let's talk about changing that title. What's wrong with the title? They say that about every book. I love the title. "Murder of crows,parliament of owls. " You seem a little young to be an editor. Well,you seem kind of young to have a book being published. Fair enough. The truth is... your novel's my first. I graduated last year. My dad runs the company,but I need to prove myself like everyone else -- maybe more. I know how that is. Luke,I don't care who your father is. I read a lot of manuscripts,but yours was the first one that actually spoke to me. I mean,yeah,there's some rough parts,but your writing has truth,soul. Rough parts? Look,I promise,as your editor, I'll always be faithful to your voice, but there's some work to do. It'll take six months before it's ready for publication -- maybe a little longer. -That long? -Yeah. We're talking late hours, long nights,heated arguments. It'll probably feel like we're married. Th j was aoke. It's just been a long day,that's all. Then you better get some rest, 'cause we start on monday. Hey,lindsey,wait. Um... I just wanted to say thank you for... changing my life. That was all you,lucas. But can I ask you something? Yeah. -The luke and peyton in the novel... - no. I'm sorry. I was rooting for them. See you monday. Excuse me,mr.Scott.There's someone here to see you. She said to tell you she's from tree hill. Well,well.Lucas scott. You got my message. You think I was gonna miss a chance to spend a night on the town with a soon-to-be-best-selling author? God,it is good to see you,brooke. Yeah. So then my mom moved up here with me from L.A. ,'Cause my dad travels so much. I think they should just man up and call it what it is -- trial separation. I can't believe your book's gonna be published. You're gonna be such a rock star. Come on.You're the one with the big clothing line. True. But my mom thinks we can do better with that,too. Check this out. It's her plans to take clothes over bro's to the next level. We have high-end couture,a cosmetic company,and my own magazine. B.Davis? Hey,wait. You could give my book its first good review. You know,sometimes expanding seems like a good idea,and... sometimes I don't know. It's the most time I've spent with my mom since the maternity ward, but I'm scared if I let her in,clothes over bro's isn't gonna be mine anymore,you know? Yeah.I know what you mean. There's,uh,this editor girl -- uh,lindsey. She just wants to make all these changes to my novel. Pretty high-class problems we got. We should be celebrating, not complaining! Where's peyton?She must be so thrilled for you. We broke up. Shut up. Oh,luke,I'm sorry. What happened? I-I went to L.A.,I asked her to marry me,and she said no. Are you stupid? You -- you stormed L.A.,And you went all naley on her? Did -- did you even buy A... ...ring. She never even saw it. How do you propose to someone without them seeing the ring? Well,I,uh,I got down on one knee,and,um,I said, "I want us to be together forever. " Never mind.You definitely did it right. I mean,did you see the look on her face? Looked like somebody spewed on her jimmy choos. I'm really glad you're enjoying this. Oh,come on,luke. You and peyton will work it out. I don't think so,brooke.Not this time. Well,it sounds to me like you gave her an ultimatum,and,trust me, there is no quicker way to paralyze a girl. Okay.Um... how many times have you talked to peyton since you left L.A.? That's not fair. We're both really busy. And today she broke up b heroyfriend. Has she called you yet? Things have changed. I think you're saying that 'cause you're hurt. And I get it,but I don't think you really mean it. You know what? I think we need to get drunk -- really,really good and drunk. First,let me see the ring again. I'll give you a designer's opinion. I mean,it's really nice. Well,congratulations! Champagne on the house. Um,it's -- we have an engagement! No. Champagne on the house. So,who knew that the ring trick would get us free drinks all over midtown? I know. Can I give you two a ride? Why not? It is our engagement night. In that case,the ride's free. A diamond ring is gold! So,what do you two have planned for your lives together? Um...we're gonna be a power couple. He's gonna be a famous novelist,and I'm gonna have a fabulous fashion line. But we're still gonna have time to have a big family. Two boys and a girl. And I'll coach little league. Ooh,and I'll bake treats for the team! Or buy them. Then we'll spend our summer in our beach house. And winters in the south of france. It won't matter where we are, as long as we're together. That's the key. Success is wonderful,but finding someone to love,having them love you back -- love is what it's all about. All right,boozy. Let's get you to bed. Come on. Here you go. All right. The bed is spinning. You're gonna be okay. I'm gonna get you into some jammies, and then I'm gonna take a cab home, and you can sleep it off. -Come here. -Or you could stay. Okay. I think that might be the second-stupidest thing you've done in the last 24 hours. Luke,we're not high school anymore. And I love peyton. And even if you don't want to admit it right now,so do you. Okay? I feel...lost,brooke. I don't know what to do without her. All right. You remember when I started clothes over bro's? It was right after we broke up, and I was trying to mend my broken heart by focusing on my work. And you need to do the same right now. You need to go out there and become the best person and the best writer that you can be. And then you approach peyton. And if she comes back to you, you know it's meant to be.Okay? I'm gonna go,and you probably won't see me for a while. Lucas scott is gonna change the world some day,and he doesn't even know it yet. Bye,luke. I've been calling you all night. Maybe teen marriage is all the rage in hicksville,north carolina. But I swear,if you marry this boy,I'm gonna have annulment papers drawn up so fast -- mom,relax.It was just a joke. Oh.Thank god. You have far too much to lose,brooke. And lucas scott was the one boy I might have lost it for. You should be focusing on the company -- not boys with rings. But what about love,mom? Isn't that the key? In case you've forgotten,it's called "clothes over bro'S. " Right. Okay,I'm in. The high-end line,the magazine -- I'm ready to take it to the next level. Oh,I am so glad to hear you say that. And I promise you,darling,we are gonna have everything we've ever wanted. And by the way,call me victoria. That whole "mom" thing just makes me sound too old. say it again,buddy. What is this,huh? A ball.Ball. Oh,see?I'm telling you -- the kid's gonna be a rock star -- and a very well-behaved rock star,right? Hey,jamie. Guitar.Guitar. Ball. Oh,that's not fair. "Ball" is so much easier than "guitar. " Haley,thank you for supporting me -- for helping me get my dream back. I love you so much. I know you do. I'm so proud of you. We're gonna T. Ke i and nothing's gonna stop us now,huh,buddy? Is it?Is it,jamie? That's right. Nothing,buddy. Everybody pile on daddy! Come on.Oh,no! Come on in. What's that? It's,uh,bamboo. It's supposed to bring luck. Thanks,lucas. I love it. You know,I'm really looking forward to us working together. Me too. Have a seat,okay?Be right back. You still taking a trip down memory lane? Yeah,I guess. Maybe you should put it on paper. Might make us both some money. Actually,uh... I was thinking about taking a walk. What are you doing? Oh,just,uh,thought it was time to get these out of jamie's closet. He's proud of his daddy. So am I. That's the first cobras championship. Yeah. You were so great in that game. You should never be ashamed of your achievements,you know? The only thing I'm ashamed of is the person I've been for the past few months. That's all gonna change. Hey. I know we're not the couple we used to be. We're gonna get there. I know it. this is a surprise.What's up? Not much.Uh,is peyton around? No.I think she's at the studio today. You okay? Yeah.You remember that night in new york? The night I found out my book was published? Sure. It was the same night I went into business with victoria. You ever wonder if we chose the right paths? Sometimes. But I have all these wonderful things in my life -- things I wouldn't have had otherwise. Oh,you're right. I mean,me too. I don't know. Do you want me to tell peyton you came by? No,that's okay.Um... I'll see you,brooke. See ya. -Luke. -Yeah. You still love her,don't you? Peyton. I got to get back to lindsey. Right. This is gonna get interesting. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-