but I can'T. And I'm sorry. Quentin was my brother. Quentin was my friend. I've been seeing antwon,and he needs me now. What are you doing?!Hey! Shoplift much? Get off me,bitch! Hey! There was a therapistthat nathan and I went to. I can give you her number if you want. Okay. Get your filthy,murdering handsaway from my son! one tree hill Season 6 Episode 4</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync: Öíâ¤ÁúÁú</font> You need to quit that weak-ass fadeaway. Huh?You want some cuddling? Is that what you want? Go home. Crawl back in bed with your wife. That's weak,nate. The road to the nba goes through me,boy. Come on! The hardest part of saying goodbye. is having to do it again every single day. Well,well. The prodigal coach returns. Every day,we face the same truth -- that life is fleeting. it's cool,coach taylor. I'll talk to you tomorrow. That our time here is short. and to honor the fallen. we must live our own lives well. what does it say,mama? "You will soar on wings like eagles. You will run and not grow weary. " Do you think there's basketball in heaven? I know there is. how long has it been? Eight days. I miss him. Come on. good morning,honey. At least you're making noise. Maybe next week I'll get a "hello. Mom.you told me you were screwing one of my friends at a funeral. I figured that meant you didn't really want to talk. Okay. I should have told you about my relationship with antwon before, but we've got to find a way to deal with this,honey. How can I live here if you're not gonna talk to me? I was thinking the same thing. I thought I could get used to it. I haven'T. And I can'T. You're kicking me out? Say hi to antwon for me. Mama!It's grandpa dan. He's dead! No,buddy,he's not. This is not what it looks like. But you and daddy said the people in the cemetery are in heaven,like quentin. Right,but,uh,some people like to buy their headstones before they die -- like way before. Um,like the backpack that we got you the week before school started. It's like that.Grandpa dan's just.being prepared. - To die in a week? - No. He's -- he's alive. Grandpa dan is alive,I promise. Then can we go see him? - Is that - yeah.Mick wolf. Are you serious? What is he doing here? Recording,I guess. Hi. Uh,I hope you don't mind.You know,I see an empty studioand a guitar going to waste. It's just an old habit. No,no,it's cool. Um,actually,it's an honor.I'm a huge fan. I even have a couple of albumsyou played on up on the wall in my office. Well,I'm the onewho's honored. Mick wolf. You're not supposed to bein my town,let alonemy recording studio. So,why are you here? My store was robbed,and I was attacked. I see. Victims of violenceoften find it helpful to talk through the experiencein therapy. It helps them make senseof a random act. This wasn't random. Nothing my mother doesis random. So,which one's yours? Uh,mine's not here today. Right.I think I've seen youwith him before -- the little blond-hred,blue-eyed cutie. Actually,I'm his,uh. I'm his nanny. A least I wasuntil I got fired. Been there.Believe me. People don't realize how immensely important it isto be a nanny. And they never appreciatetrue devotion. It's enoughto drive you crazy. Well,in my case,my son didn't appreciatewho I was sleeping with. Yeah,they get so touchyabout that stuff. - The heart wantswhat it wants. - Yeah. But then again,if it were me. I would do whatever it takes to stayin that little boy's life. Was there a history of abusein your family? Growing up,I mean. Not unless you considera high credit-card limit and no supervision abuse. Yet you thinkyour mother attacked you. I don't thinkvictoria did it personally. I think she hired some flying monkeyto do her dirty work. It must be hard for youto believe. What mattersis that you believe it. See,she knewthat I had just finished those sketchesfor my fall line, she knew I was keeping themat the store, and she knewthat if I showed up to my board meetingwithout them, I would look incompetent. And that's all she needsto convince the board to give her controlof my company. It sounds shakespearean. You probably thinkI'm crazy. No,I don'T. I think we havea lot to talk about. How should I start,at the beginningor just from when I fired her? You you fired your mom? It'll be fine. I can pick up the slack. Besides,nanny deb was awolmost of the time,anyway. Yeah.You know,it's funny.All these years,wecalled him "skills. " I always thought it hadsomething to do with basketball. That's not funny. Kind of funny. Come on,nate. I..Andy wasn't much older than mewhen he started dating my mom,and,I mean,look how wellthat turned out. Well,andy wasn't one of your classmates oryour supposed friends,and he wasn't seeing karenbehind your back. You got to get over thisby tomorrow night's game. Oh,I will,but I'll do it for Q Not for skills. I'm really upsetwith that guy. I know you are,but the teamneeds you and so will jamie. And the way I see it,skills will be a better fatherthan dan ever was. This iswhere grandpa dan lives? Yeah,not bad,huh? I think you shouldlet him babysit. How come grandpaisn't picking up his papers? I don't know,buddy. Maybe he doesn't likewhat's in it. Yeah,you're probably right. I don't thinkhe's home,bud. Hey,will you waitin the car for me? But I want to seegrandpa dan. I know,buddy.I just need a second. Okay.Okay. okay,dan,please don't berotting on the floor. - Hi. - Hey. There's my baby girl. So,what do you saywe go out tonight? I mean,after all the sneaking around,I just want to be ableto show my girl off. - Antwon. - hmm? Nathan kicked me outof the house. Wow.I knew natewas mad,but that's messed up. Look,I'm sorry. Why don't you just stay herefor a while? Mouth's gone.Plus,you've bn herelike every night,anyway. It's not that easy. I've worked really hard to get back into my son's lifeand jamie'S. I can't compromise that now. Uh-oh.I don't likewhere this is heading. I think we have toface facts. I mean,even if nathansomehow got over this,what would your parents say? Well,my lastserious girlfriend was bevin. So I'm sure they'll saythis is a step up. I'm almost 20 years olderthan you. Yeah,but you're only as oldas you feel. And you feeljust right to me. You're so sweet. And I really like you. But I'm sorry. For the sake of my family,I think we have toend this. You ever look backon all of it and just feel really fortunateto have been a part of it? Yeah,I suppose so. It's just I don't look backthat much. God,you were right there! I mean,you wereat the center of everything and making history and giving ussomething to believe in. Didn't rolling stonecall you "the reluctant conscienceof rock"? Yeah.Rolling stone also called mea cult favorite, which is their way of sayingyou don't sell any records. Is that why you stoppedrecording? I mean,your own stuff. No.I stopped recordingmy own stuff 'cause I didn't feel like I hadanything left worth saying. You know,session workpays pretty good.You work a couple of weeksout of the month. The rest of the timeis your own. Yeah? How about you let me fill up some of thatfree time with lunch? I know a really good placedown by the water,and I kind of havea lot of questions. What's the matter? You look likeyou've seen a ghost. I feel like I have.That's your mom's jacket. You look just like her. Well,mia told meshe met someone on tour who knew ellie, but how could she not sayit was mick wolf? Mia's a good kid.She's a good singer, but she's way too youngto know who the hell I am. How'd you know who i was? When your mom got sick,it hit all of us hard --everyone who knew her. Somewhere along the line,someone gave methat benefit cd you made, and read what you said about her in the liner notes,which was which was beautiful. So I guess you could say I'm a fan of yours,too. Did you know my dad? No. I don't think anyonereally knew your dad. Hi.I'm looking for dr.Thornton. It's about dan scott,my,uh. My father-in-law. And I was wondering if you couldjust have the doctor call me. Okay.Thank you. Hey,skills.Are you okay? Nate ain't here,is he? No,you're safe. But you look,uh,not so great. Deb broke up with me. Well,I guess you can tusslewith a cougar,but you're gonna get bit. Why everybody thinkit's a big joke? Deb's just done a lotof wacky things in her life. We never thoughtyou'd be one of them. Look,I know it sounds crazy,but I really have feelingsfor her. Really? Well,all right.Well,let's,uh. let's be realisticabout this. How many good yearsdo you think deb has left? Fine,laugh all you want.I just thought maybe you couldtalk to nate for me. Oh,no.I don't want to gettin the middle of this.No,thank you. Come on,haley. You know we always hadeach other's backs. I'll see what I can do. Maybe you should just man upand talk to nathan yourself. I notice you call your mother"victoria. " She insisted after we wentinto business together. Why did you go into businesswith her? I don't know. Maybe I wanted herto love me. Is that something you still want? I bought a gun. That's not uncommonfor attack victims. It gives them a feelingof control. Unless you're having thoughtsof hurting your mother. No. I mean,I'm not crazy. But it occurs to me that. it wouldn't bother meif she were dead. And that can't be healthy,right? To feel likeif your mother was dead,you would't miss her,that you might be betterfor it. And I just don't knowhow it got to this. Maybe you should ask your motherthat question. Antwon came to see me today,and he said that deb broke up with him. He's pretty upset. Good. He shouldn't have beensleeping with my mom. Said theanwho slept with my sister. I remember the first time I saw you.I was sittingat the geek table, and you were sitting over thereat the jock table, and if we had playedby the rules of high school,we wouldn't be sitting hereat this table. Okay,all right,I get it. You and I weren't the mostconventional couple,either. Are you ever gonna stop tryingto make me into a better personal it's not likely. Speaking of exiled parents,did you know that dn alreadyhas a headstone at the emetery? It makes keith's stonelook tiny by comparison. Leave it to dan scott to get into a pissing contestwith keith even after he's dead. Yeah,well,jamie saw it,and he freaked out and insisted on seeing dan. I didn't knowwhat else to do. I-I took himover to the beach house. - Haley - I'm sorry. Dan wasn't home,though. In fact,it looked like hehadn't been home in a few days. When was the last timeyou saw him? I don't know.A few weeks ago? He's playingmind games again. I basically told himto go off and die. Well,I'm worriedabout jamie. He's -- he's still trying to getover the death of quentin,and now dan's disappeared. I know we didn't want himaround,but jamie did. It feels kind of selfish. Well,rememberwho we're talking about. Yeah. Hey,andre. - How have you been? - So-so. Yeah?Have you been playingbasketball? A little. Do you thinkI could be a raven someday? Mama says I'm gonna beas tall as quentin. At least 9 feet. Well,I bet you will. Why don't you come see me in about 10 years,all right? A little early to be recruiting,isn't it? Hi,coach. Why don't you come on in? Get off me! Enough!Okay? I'm gonna seeevery one of you in detention. Hold on. Hey,are you okay? Congratulations on your firsttree hill catfight.I've had a few in my day. Spare methe female bonding,okay? I may be new,but I've heardall about mrs.James-scott,a cheerleader who datedthe star of the basketball team. That is,when you weren'ton a rock tour. Your life must have beenreally tough. So just don't pretendlike you know anything about my problems,okay? See you in detention,hannah montana. hey,I foundyour shoplifter. I knew it. That little street urchindoes go to tree hill high. Thank you. She's justa messed-up kid. She's a messed-up kidtaking growth hormones. She knocked meflat on my ass. She just transferred here. I think she was probablyjust looking for a way to impress kidswith some new clothes,you know? I'll give her pointsfor having good taste. Just try and keep her awayfrom my store. Hey!James lucas scott,step away from the mannequin before I come over there and pluck out your eyells. Did I just soundlike a total bitch? Yes.And you also sounded like a mom -- a good one. Oh,he usually makes itso easy. Hmm.And what happenswhen he doesn't? He's still the most loved kidin the world. - okay? - Yeah. I just wish I had had a family like yours. You do.You're aunt brooke. - You okay? - Yeah. Yeah.I just -- you know,ellie never really told me a lot about my father. And I guess she didn't want meto know much. I don't know. And so I was just hopingyou could -- I don't know. I knew him a little. Um.ellie loved him. And he loved her right back. And their romance was oneof the all-time greats. which meant it was messy. But,uh.we shouldall be that lucky,right? To be so passionate about someone. Yeah.Oh,oh,which reminds me. Um,god,my fiancis gonna kill me if I let you leave townwithout meeting him. You don't like basketballby any chance,do you? - Bobcats? - Ravens. Microwave soup? What's the problem? Nanny deb always makes mesliders on game days. Oh,she does,huh? With two picklesfor good luck. Well,daddy nathanmakes you soup. When is she coming back? I don't know,buddy. Is it becauseshe was kissing uncle skills? - You knew about that? - Yeah. They tried to pretend he was getting somethingout of her eye,but they were just being all mushy. Yeah.And how does it feel to be scarred for life? Fine.I like nanny deb. I like uncle skills. So what if they likeeach other? It's a little more complicatedthan that. Your nanny deb is also my mom. Yeah.But I let you kiss my mom. Eat your soup. As you all know,tonight's basketball gameis dedicated to quentin, and I think it would be great if you could all be there,so no homework. But don't worry.We'll make itup next week,though.I promise. Sam.stick around.I want to talk to you. Um.I read your paperthat you wrote on quentin. It was very good,and I think you should spendsome more time writing. and maybe a little less timeshoplifting. I don't knowwhat you're talking about. Relax. One of my best friends,brooke,owns clothes over bros,and she's not gonnapress charges. Actually,she sent you a gift. You know,I'm not homeless,okay? Tell your friendI don't need her charity. Sam.I don't knowwhat you're going through. I don't know anythingabout your life. But if you want to talk,I am here to listen. Great. why don't you guyshead to the locker room? Come on.We got a game tonight. Hey,nate,can we talk? Hey,grandpa. Look,I'm hereto support the team,skills. I don't really have anythingto say to you. Then don'T.Just listen. I know me and deb together sounds likesome freaky porn thing,and maybe it startedthat way. This isn't helping. But the thing is. Your mom makes me happy. And I thinkI make her happy,too. I can't believe we're evenhaving this conversation. Look,neither one of uswants to do anything that's gonna mess things upfor you. It's a little latefor that. Okay,you're right. I should have told you abouteverything from the beginning. But I reallycare for her,nate. Look,I'll just leave the ballin your court. all right,look,I know you don't feel muchlike playing basketball tonight. And I get it. When I was in high school,someone close to mewas taken away. And I-I couldn't understand how a gamecould matter anymore. But my coach was a wise man, and he told me that basketballwas more than just a game, that it had the powerto heal me if I let it. he was right. now there's someone elseI'd like you to hear from. Hi,guys. This last weekhas been hard on all of us. But what gets me through is trying to rememberthe happy times with quentin. And lord knows that boywas never happier than when he was holdinga basketball. Now,coach says that,um,some of you might be feelinga little guilty about playing tonight. Well,let me tell youone thing that I know. Quentin would want youto play tonight. Play your hearts out. And if you don'T. well,andre here -- I think he's gonna go outand play for you. Right,baby? And one more thing. Don't feel like you're moving onwithout quentin because he's gonna be with youon that court. I'm sure of that. So am I. And he's gonna be right here right by your heart. So.who wants to carry him outonto that court? every day,we facethe same truth,that our time here is short. And to honor the fallen,we must liveour own lives well. We must take the high roadwhen we can and allow our common loss to bring us together. I think that's the way Q.Would have wanted it. And while tonight we miss our fallen teammate. friend. loved one. we commemorate him for all time. No raven will ever wear the number 44 again. And for as longas this gym stands,quentin fields. will be here with us. No one can take his placeon this team. And no one. can take his placein our hearts. moment silence for Number 44,quentin fields. Hi,chester.Long time,no see. I just need. a few of jamie's thingsfor our little road trip,just enoughto make him comfortable. These peopleare so lost without me. It's a good thingyou can't talk,chester. Otherwise,you'd be my dinner tonight. Mmm.Tasty. Hello,victoria. What are you doingin new york? ****** Let's go.Bring it in. ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** Come on,ravens! Come on,now! This might be the greatest lossI'll ever see. Well,sometimesit's not about winning. Sometimes it's about healing. Now's your chance. The gun's loaded.Just aim low. I'd like to look goodat my funeral. What is the matterwith you? What -- what happenedto your eyes? As if you don'talready know. All I know is that my daughtershows up at my doorstep with a gun. All I know is my motherhad me attacked in my store. Oh,my god.Brooke. are you sayingit wasn't you? Did you go to the police? Does anyone elseknow about this? Don't worry. You've trained me very well. I put the company first. It's just the publicity. This from the woman who saidshe could spin it favorably if I had a drug problem. I want you to answermy question. You want an answer? Here's one. I would neverphysically harm you. Well,maybe you didn'tmean to. It was late.You thought millicentwould be there.You hate her. You are so paranoid --and wrong. Someone died last week. And I wasn't close to him,but my friends were,and yet,in the midstof all their grief,I felt nothing. I just felt cold. And I realized I'm turninginto the one person I do not want to become. I'm turning into you. What do you want meto say,brooke? That I was a failureas a mother? You got everythingyou wanted. Except your love. When I was your age,I dreamed of havinga clothing line,of having a business. Of all the thingsyou have. But I stupidly fell in love. And one morning,your father and igot a little surprise. I told himI didn't want kids. It was never the plan. But he wanted a sonmore than anything. And as soon as I got fat,he had an excuse to jump intoany bed he wanted. And when we hadour little baby girl,I made sure I would neverbe pregnant again. If I couldn't have my dream,your fathercouldn't have his,either. I probably took it out on youa little too much along the way,but you know what? You should be thanking mefor giving you life.Do you understand that? I do thank you. Because now I knowit wasn't my fault. It was never my fault. I'm calling the lawyerstomorrow,and I'm divesting my interestsin clothes over bros -- the magazine,the line. You can have everything. Congratulations,victoria. Now you have a companyand no daughter. You got your dream. Years from now,the record bookswill show that. the ravens lost to the wildcatson this night. But here's somethingthat those records won't show,something that. no one in that gymwill ever forget. that the four-man ravens made the wildcats fight and scratch and claw for every single secondof that win. And in doing so,they showed that a team will always be more importantthan statistics. When your grandkids ask you about this game,you tell them that you played hard. for quentin fields. that you stood tall. and you did itto honor your friend. You shouldbe proud of yourselves,men. I know I'm proud of you. Coach. we want to play with fourthe rest of the season. That's gonna be hardon all of you. We want to do it for Q. He's our fifth. it's been an honorcoaching you guys. so,are you sure you don'twant to stay and meet lucas? Another time. I think I'm gonna stay aroundfor a little while,do some recording. Oh.It just so happensI have an empty studio. Really? I thought you said you didn'thave anything left worth saying. Maybe one more thing. Okay,mick. When mia said that there wassomebody asking about me who knew ellie. I thought maybe.you were my father. That would be something,wouldn't it? I'll see you later. - where to? - The airport. I'm going home to my family. see you soon,baby. Mom.I want youto move back in. Jamie's been througha lot lately. He needs his nanny deb. Thank you. He really makes you happy? He does. But you've had to sacrificeso much for me over the years,nathan. I just don't want to see it. Okay,I don't want to hear about it. But whatever you want. hey hello? Yeah,this is haley. Really? Uh,okay.Yeah.Thank you for calling. You too. What's wrong? Uh.that was dan's doctor. Apparently,they had a heart for him and he neveranswered their call. Then he really hasgone off to die. Hey,nate. I know Q.Was working with youto get your game back.