Haley... that's weird.I thought mommy would have beat us home by now. Haley: Nathan, hi.I'm so sorry. You got jamie, right? Yeah. Um, what happened?Where are you? I just got locked in the library with lindsey and peyton. I missed the whole game. I'll fill you in on all the gory details as soon as I get home. I'm on my way, okay? All right, well, I'm just about to put jamie to bed, and then I'm gonna take a quick shower. Oh, and, haley, I love you. I love you, too. Bye. Do I really have to go to bed, daddy? Pj's, brush teeth, bed. Five minutes.Come on.Chop-chop. Do I have to wear pj's? Can't I sleep in this? Okay. But just for tonight, all right? Now, come on.Let's go. Awesome! missed you tonight. Carrie: Oh, I missed you, too. Carrie, carrie!What are you doing? This is not okay!You have to get out of here! It's okay, nathan. I love you, too. What are you talking about?You think I love you? Carrie, you have to get out of here. Here, take this.Go. Get out of the shower. Carrie, get out of this bedroom right now! haley, this -- oh, my god. This -- this isn't this, okay? I swear to you, I didn't -- look, I haven't -- carrie, tell her! Nathan loves me, and I love him back. I want you to get the hell out of my house right now! Haley, look, I know this looks like -- you get out, too! -Look, I didn't -- -get out! -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-ÅÝÅÝ·É -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> oh, I'm sorry.I must be in the wrong office. No, wait, that's me -- peyton sawyer, label president. Touch? What are you doing here, john? The big corporate label finally fire you? I happened to catch this new artist's live performance that ***** perhaps you know her -- mia catalano. She's my artist, john. It's a pretty big office for such a small label, don't you think? Well, I've got a good act, and that's one more than you've got at your great big label. It's good to see you, sawyer. By the way, what are you feeling about the first single... "only fooling myself"? John, stay away from mia. Let me ask you something, peyton. If a great song is recorded but nobody gets a chance to hear it, does it really exist? Hey, peyton, check it out. Haley made the finished version sound so muchbetter than the demo. -Mia. -And you wereso right. "Only fooling myself"is definitely the single. Mia, I need to ask youa question, okay? Were you approached by a r recordexecutive named john knight? You mean that creepy, old guy who said heedus to be your boss? No wonder you left L.A. No, no, no.This is serious. What did he say? Nothing. He saidhe saw my myspace video and that he wanted to hearthe whole record. Is that all he said? Mia, come on. What else did he say? He said I made a big mistakein signing with you and you don't havethe experience to launch me. Hey, handsome. Peyton in her office? She was. Just took off. Looked likeshe was on a mission. She wasn't armed, was she? I don't think so, but didn'tget a chance to pat her down. Easy, tiger. Is it too earlyfor a brooke davis on the rocks? Suit yourself.I just pour 'em. You know something?I think I missed my calling. Really?How's that? Should have gone intothe clothing-design business. I mean, if you can runa multimillion-dollar company from a barstoolwhile sipping A.M. Cocktails, how hard can it be? Plenty hard.You have no idea. That's your story. Don't write checksyou can't cash, buddy. I'd be happy to whisk youup to new york anytime and show you how impressive andcomplicated it all really is, bartender boy, but if I did, who would tend to the bar? Flights leave on the hour, dso iare ya. All right. You're on, brooke davis. Okay. Lily wants to knows if you need a flower girl?so happy for you. ---Lax NC Dept.of Corrections Parole Board ********* So, you've heard? Haley kicked me out. I need a place to stay. What is that? It's dan. He's up for parole. There's supposed to bea smiley face. What? Where's nanny carrie? She knows how I like them. Nanny carrie is not homeright now, and it's probably gonna bea little while before she comes back. How long? I'm not sure yet, sweetheart. Who's going to take meto school? I am. In fact, I got everything ready. I made your lunch, and I packed your backpack. Yummy. You cut my pb&j sideways. Carrie cuts it in half. I like it cut in half. Well, it tastes the sameboth ways, I promise. S sideways, and she's always tryingto kiss me. Nathan: Yuck. Daddy! Jamie, can you go upstairsfor a few minutes, sweetheart? Why? Hey, why don't you go upstairsand fire up the playstation. Mommy's gonna let you play for 10 minutesbefore you go to school. Sweet! Look, I have to goto dan's parole hearing, but before I do, I need you to hear me out. Dan's up for parole? Yeah, he pled guiltyto second-degree murder, he served good time, and it's been about five years, so, yeah. But that'snot why I'm here. All right.I'm listening. There is absolutely nothinggoing on between me and carrie. Didn't look like nothing. Haley, she's gotsome kind of weird crush, and she thinks the feeling'smutual, but it's not. There was some flirting, and I let it go, and I shouldn't have, but I swear to youthat's all there was. What else, nathan? Nothing. I just... I mean, I guess I-I knewthat she was getting attached. I was gonna saysomething to you, okay? I was. But I just need youto know there is nothing going onbetween us. Damn it, nathan. I really thought we were, like, rounding thiscorner of everything, you know? I-I don't --I don't know how to -- I just -- I need some timeto think and just be alone. Haley, please, just -- Can you just -- can you just goto dan's hearing, and then we can find a timeto deal with this later? Please? Nathan. There better not be more. I will be damned if I let you aeal myrtist, john. It's not stealingif she wants it to happen. Did she say that? What did you tell her, a bunch of liesto make her feel that way? Like you did with that little actress out inL.A.? How'd that go? Oh, admittedly, that could have gone better. 'Cause, see, I heard you convinced herto quit her hit tv show in order to tourfor this record, but I guess your ghostwriterand your cool producer didn't really work out, did they? Because now, thanks to you, she doesn't have a music career or a tv show. Johnny, you forget -- I workedfor you for two years, okay? I watched you churn and burnall your artists in yourcorporate greed machine, and I will notlet that happen to mia. She deservesway better than that. Are you finished? That's a nice speech, peyton. The only question is, can you back it up? You got a lot of great albumson that wall, but the sad truth is, you wouldn't have heardof half of them without the supportof a major label. I should know. I signed four of them. You know what?Mia's gonna make it. We'll be just fine. Are you sure? Just look at that wallagain. All those artistshave two things in common -- great songsand a major label. I'll be honest --I'd love to sign mia. I want to get her musicout there into the world because it is great. She deservesto be heard. And you do not havethe resources to do that yet. You're not even close. You're justgonna kill her. I'm in towntill tomorrow morning. Do the right thing, sawyer. Mitchell. Sub in for Q. Man, why you pulling me, coach? Come on. Let me see your hand. All right, we'll get a doctorto take a look at that. Grab some pine. Jamie! Jamie! Why are you sad, nanny carrie? Well, I'm sad because... I have to go away. But I don't want you to go away. Why do you have to leave? I really don't wantto leave you. It's just... your mommydoesn't like nanny carrie. She wants me to leave. But I want you to stay. So do I. But your mom's the boss, and what she says goes. I wishyou were my little boy. I always will. bye, jamie. okay, you have 4, 000 square feeton central park west. What's this place? Well... this placeis a good investment. And it doublesas a crash pad when I want to partyin the east village. Woman on tv: Maybe they're right. Somebody's here. Maybe it is in your blood. Man on tv: That's right. It's in my blood. And I'm still looking for the man who put it there. Oh, my god.Rachel. Brooke, get a shower running.Make it cold.I'm gonna need some towels. Rachel.Rachel, can you hear me? Brooke, shower -- now! Come on, come on, come on. Rachel, come on. Come on, baby! Come on, baby! Baby, come on!Wake up! Rachel, wake up! Come on, come on.Wake up. Open your eyes. Open your eyes, honey. Come on. Wake up! Wake up!Come on! Come on, wake up! Please don't let her die. Come on, baby. Baby, wake up.Rachel! Rachel, open your eyes! Open your eyes! Wake up! Please, wake up! Please tell meshe's gonna be okay. If by "okay, " you meanshe's not gonna die, then yes. But no, she's not okay. Do I need to take herto the emergency room? No, her color's back, she's breathing, she's out ofany immediate danger. But...just let me keep an eyeon her a little bit longer. We'll see. Okay. How do you know her? She's a friend from home. I hired herto model for the company. I haven't seen herin a while. I knew she had problems, but not like this. She started screwing upphoto shoots, and victoria insistedI let her go. I need to help her.Atwh do I do? Start bygetting rid of this. Don't put itin the trash. Why? When she wakes up, that'sthe first place she'll look. Okay. Well, I'm afraidit's not good. You have a hairline fractureof your right carpal radius. What's that mean? Well, it means you needa cast on that wrist for the nextfour to six weeks. Man, I can't do that.I'm gonnamiss too many games, man. I'm -- you're --you know what? This is my last season, okay, to impress the scouts if I want to play college ball, all right? Help me out, man. You need the cast, son. You don't have a choice. I'm sorry. Hey, baby. How wasyour day at school? What's wrong, james? Why did nanny carriehave to go away? little man, you know, with grownups, sometimes they just needto move on with their own lives, and nanny carrie decided that it was timeto move on with her life. That's not what she said. She said you sent her away'cause you hated her. She didn't want to go. Wait, wait, wait, wait. When did she tell you this? Today, at school. Peyton: The manis a complete snake. I've seen him do ita thousand times. He offers you the moonand throws you out there, and the second you fall short, he drops you just like that. Look, I don't care about him. I love this record, and I'm sure we'll be okay. No, we will.You're right. We will be okay.We'll be better than okay. And you know why?Because I've got a plan. We're gonna roll out yourfirst single on college radio. We get you out thereon tour, then we'll doguerrilla marketing, like fliers and wild postingsin all the mass markets. Ooh, and I've got a lot ofstreet-team contacts out in L.A. That I know would loveto work with you. That sounds great. No. No, it doesn't, mia. God, he's offering you, like, a five-course mealup in first class, and I'm offering youa sandwich in coach. No, peyton, don't feelthat way. I don'T. But it's true, honey, okay? You made a much better recordthan I thought you could, and you deservethe spot on the big tour and the kind of airplayand big promotion that I just -- I can't give it to you. No.It doesn't matter. You're the one who got me here, and I want to stay with you. You really mean that? Absolutely. Okay. I need to get my stuff. It's in the garage. Boxes are marked "whore. " I'll have the keys now. I'm sorry, haley. I never meantfor it to turn out this way. Did you goby jamie's school today? Jamie looks at me as family. I was just saying goodbye. No, you are not family. I invited you into this home, and I trusted you with the two most importantthings in my life -- my husband and my son --and you betrayed that trust. I know you're upset. Just knowthat i never meant for nathanto fall in love with me. Oh, honey. He's not in love with you. I can promise you that. Did he tell youhe kissed me? He didn't tell you, did he? God, that is so nathan. Well, he did kiss me. And he watched me swim naked, and he liked it. You see, he wanted me in that shower. I'm sorry that it's hard for you to face, but it's the truth. I have told you once, and I am not gonnatell you again -- stay the hell awayfrom my family! I hate you! Jamie! Am I dead? You O.D.'D. You're alive, but you're really stupid. Rachel, what happened to you? I don't know. Life happened, I guess. But... drugs? They just made mefeel better. Then they just made me feel. Why didn't you come to me? Why didn't you let me help you? We were friends, brooke. You fired me. Who is it? Brooke, lock the door.Don't come out till I say. Hey, man.Come on in. Who are you? It's cool.Rachel saidyou were gonna be stopping by. Come on in, man.Come on. We're allin the waiting room, here. So, uh... where's rachel? She's, uh, she's right here. Let me go, man! I didn't do nothing to you! My friend is falling out on your junk backthere! So where is it? I don't knowwhat you're talking about. You ever come in here again, I will break your neck! Do you hear me? That bitch owes mea lot of money, man! Yeah? Consider thatpayment in full. Get the hellout of here. Owen, who was that? Nobody that's coming back. So, how'd it gowith haley? She's gonna needmore time. Well, give it to her.You owe her that. I just wish he would havehelped us more, you know? It would have been really niceto have a father today -- someone I could actuallyturn to for advice. Yeah. You know, for the past four years, I pretendedthat dan didn't exist. Then I get this letter, and it hits me -- that one day, we may have to facehaving him in our lives again. Let's not let thatbe today. Hello, son. knight:Hel-lo, peyton. I was pretty sureI'd be hearing from you. Well, I thought aboutwhat you said, and I think you're rightabout mia. So the assistantto the assistant finally learnsthe business. Congratulations, peyton, it's about time. About time for what? Mia. it really isin your best interest. That's notwhat you said earlier today. You said he was an evil snakethat couldn't be trusted. So which is it, peyton? Knight: In spiteof what she said earlier, I think you shouldlisten to her now, mia. She's making a lot of sense. Oh, really?She's making sense now? Listen, you can dowhatever deal you want with her, just know that I willnever play for you -- never. I am an artist, not a business transaction. You know, peyton, I really thoughtwe had something special. Thanksfor selling me out. No, mia! Mia, wait! Good afternoon. When I was 17 years old, I fell in love. Her name was karen. And for a long time, she loved me back. We had a son -- lucas. But we never becamethe family we should have been. Instead, my brother, keith, assumed that role. And in my heart, something died. I deserve to be in here. There's no excusefor the crime that I committed. And believe me when I tell youI spend every moment wishing I could takethat fateful day back. Keith scott is deadbecause of me. And that's somethingI have to live with for the rest of my life. So I'll just makeone pledge here today. If at some time you decideto grant me my freedom, know that I'll spendevery living moment trying to mend the lives of the peoplethat I hurt by my actions. Because I've lostmore than my freedom. I've lost somethingfar more important than that. My family. These young men stand atthe dawn of their adult lives. So far, because ofwhat I put them through, they've had it pretty rough. They deserve better. They deserve a father. I hope somedayyou'll give them that. Man:Thank you, mr.Scott. Does anyone elsewish to speak at this time? Yes. Um, I'm lucas scott. I'm his SON please, go ahead. My father abandoned my motherwhen she was pregnant with me. He left usto struggle on our own, even thoughhe was a man of means. Growing up, I only hadone person to look after me -- keith scott. And this man killed him -- his own brother -- in cold bloodat point-blank range. Next week, I'm getting married. Keith... would have been my best man. But he's not gonna be there, just like he didn't seemy state championship or see my first novelpublished. Dan took all that. And he did itwith malice and premeditation. Dan is an educated man, and if he is nothing... he's very persuasive. Do not let him fool you. He has a very darkand ugly heart. And he should neverbe allowed to walk the streetsa free man. So as you deliberate his fate, I ask you only one question. How can a fatherhope to influence his sons when they never even cameto see him? Never even once. Thank you. Um, actually... it looks herethat, uh, nathan... you've been to visit your father recently. Is that true? Yes. what the hell? You went to go see dan, and you didn't tell me. Why? 'Causeause I was donewith him, and I wanted to tell himto his face. I didn't think it mattered. Well, it did matter. Just like getting up there and telling themwho he really is mattered. Don't you get it? Get what? If they thinkyou still need dan in your life, they might let him out. You know, it's not meI'm worried about. Or you. It's jamie. Dan's gonna try to get to him. You know that. The only wayto keep your family safe is if dan stays locked up. Can I ask yousomething? How'd you know who the guy wasand what to do with rachel? Let's just sayI've been there. You meanyou had a problem? No. I'm sayingI'm an addict -- a junkie, brooke. You ever wonder why you never see metake a drink behind the bar? Been sober eight years. How'd you make it back? I had a friend. He helped me. I'd be dead right now if itwasn't for him, no question. He never gave up on me. See, brooke, I can understand the whole "cutting off rachel"on the business side, but I'm struggling withthe whole "friendship" side. You don't know my mother. Victoria is relentlesswhen she wants something, and it's easier to just do itthan to fight her. You ever wonderwhere you'd be if at some critical moment, when you needed it the most, your friendsjust weren't there for you? can she ever be okayagain? I don't know.Maybe. You know, what rachel needsright now... is to go to rehab. This is the placethat helped me. Their facility here --it's the best in the city. And I can take her therefor you, if you need me to. I need to do it. I have to step up for her. She needs me. In that case... I'm gonna go. Do not give up on her, brooke. You are better than that. Some first date, huh? Is that what this was? You know, I have to say, your lifeis really impressive -- the real estate, the business, the money. That's just notwhat really interests me. what's under all the clothes, brooke davis? nathan: Didn't expectto find you here. Oh, you know -- ain't nothinglike an empty gym when you want to be alonewith your thoughts, man. What you doing here? The same. What's on your mind? Oh, man, just, uh, planning my big moveon your scoring title. Man, that --that last season you had, boy, that -- that must havebeen something special. Truth be told, I, uh, took itfor granted a little bit. I mean, breaking all those records and the scoutscoming to see me play, the state championship... I wish I could go back. I'd appreciate it more. I just want it so bad, man. You know? Is that okay to say? -'Cause I -- -sure. And you'll get there. And when you do, just be sure to enjoy it, 'cause it only comes once. In the blink of an eye, it can all be gone. You got to trust me, rachel. This is the bestrehab facility in the city, and I'm gonna take careof everything. I don't carewhat it costs. Please, brooke, please. I don't want to be aloneagain, all right? I don't want to goto some strange place. I'll be good.I promise I'll stop. Honey, we both knowthat's not realistic. You have a problem, and you need to go. Brooke... y-you're my only friend. If you -- if you leave methis time, I won't make it. Please don't give upon me. Look, can't I just stay herewith you? Look, man, I'm -- I'm sorry about what happened todaywith dan. I let you down.I could have done better. I just -- he got to me. You know? And I know you're alwayslooking out for jamie, it's just --you got to understand, I would never letanything happen to him. Then go be his dad. Work things out with your wife. It's really bad, man. A-and remember, it might bebetter to save your marriage than to be righton this one, okay? I mean, besides, since haley's gonna belindsey's maid of honor, I'm really gonna need my best man to begetting along with her. Thanks, man. I, uh, I know that wassupposed to be keith. I'm -- I'm honored. I miss you. Haley: Hey, jim-jam. Time for bed, buddy.Here we go. Want me to, uh, read you a story? How about, "go, dog, go!You like that one, right? Where's daddy? Mommy and daddy are just having a little... bit ofa tough time right now. He's stayingwith uncle lucas. Is daddy gonna be sad again, like last time? I don't think so. I hope not. Daddy stopped being sad when nanny carriecame to live with us. He liked nanny carrie. I know this isprobably really hard for you to understand'cause you're... so little. Nanny carriewasn't a very nice lady, and she neededto go away. I wish nanny carriewas my mama. So? Don't freak out, okay? But what if I told you that "only fng myself" is gonna be your first single? Your record will be distributednationally in six weeks. You will stayon red bedroom records, which john willnow distribute worldwide. You have final say on touring, image rights, and album art, anu get to keepyour publishing, which means you ownall your own songs. And? And we get to stay togetheras a team. You did it! No, you did itwith that performance! That was incredible! Dude, did you see his facewhen you freaked out on him? It was awesome! He was practically tripping over himselfto give us this deal. You know, it wasn'tthat hard a performance. I meant every word. Except the partwhen I called you a sellout -- not that part. Well, I thinkyou've got to go home and pack your bags now, 'cause you're opening upin houston tomorrow. What? Yeah, and for someonewho I think that you know. Um, have you heardof ryan adams? Oh, my god!That's amazing! What? What's wrong? Oh, I-it's just... it all happened so fast. I'm not sureI'm y to say goodbye. No, you're ready. And it's not "goodbye. " This is just the beginningof your dream come true. And I want you to know, I am really, realloudto b oa partf it. Now go out thereand be great. I can't be alone again. You're not gonna be.You're coming home with me. Come here. I love you, keith. I just hope I can behalf as good an uncle to jamie as you were to me. I miss you. Aftercareful considerations, we have cometo a decision. Mr.Scott... haley, I'm sorry, okay? And I'm sorryfor the way this looks, but before you say anything, just know that it's my fault. I should have done somethingearlier. I should have -- I should have said somethingto you from the start. She said that you kissed her. Did you? Jamie:Daddy's home! Buddy, what's up? mommy and ineed to talk right now, okay? So why don't you go out backand shoot around? You know what?Try to makefive free throws in a row. And I'll be out therein a sec, okay? it's a simple question, nathan. Did you kiss her? No. But... she kissed me. You looked me in the eye and you said thatthere's nothing else. And I have been througha lot with you, nathan. I've been through better and worse, in sickness and health, but I will not do infidelity. It wasn't like that, okay? I wasn't into her. You call kissing carrie and watching her swimnaked not being into her? I didn't kiss her! How many times do ihave to tell you that? It wasn't me. It was carrie. No, it's you!It's always you!When are you gonna learn? When are you gonna stopmaking bad choices that threaten everythingthat we've built? Everything I've ever donewas for this family, haley! Well, excuse us for beingsuch a weight around your neck. I didn't say that, okay? And you know I didn't mean that. Don't put wordsin my mouth. Well, somebody needs to, becauseyou have a really nasty habit of neglecting to mentionimportant details. Haley, you know what? I'm really trying hard to behonest about all this right now, but sometimes for you, it's just never enough, okay? And I can't take itanymore! nd it's my fault because I putso much pressure on you, and the best part is, you screw the nanny, and jamie ends uphating me! I did not screw her! where is he? Jamie! Jamie. Jamie! Oh, god! Please! Jamie! -He's breathing, right? -I don't know! Come here! Jamie! Jamie, open your eyes! Honey, wake up. Jamie, wake up. Okay. I'm so sorry. No, you stay away from us! This marriage is over! Haley! I w-- I want a divorce. One tree hill Season 5 Episode 10</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-