and those are hard to get. I'm really glad brooke set us up. kiss her and ur fired. Haven't you learned? You only get off when i do. This is over. Then you're fired. You're just upset because the talent left your band. He's not worth it,okay? Let it go! You're lucky. I'm a little drunk,so in case I said a lot of inappropriate things tonight, I meant all of them. Peyton's the reason you're writing again, and I refuse to be a chapter in that book. Lindsey.Lindsey,wait. I asked you to marry me. You said no,so I moved on. Why haven't you? 'Cause I should have said yes. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync: YTET- Ð¡Ò°ÈËÍõ </font> OTH Season 5 Episode 8</font> you still love me,don't you? I have to go see lindsey. lindsey? I'm gonna go to new york,lucas. I'm not sure when I'll be back. Don't do this. I know you're upset.I know. But you need to believe me when I tell you, you're the girl I love. Then how come you never gave me this? I got home,and I thought I'd do some menial chore to get my mind off of how angry I was. Laundry was the first thing that came to mind. God. Who hides a ring in a sock drawer,luke? Lindsey,that ring -- don'T.I'm just gonna go. For the record. it's as beautiful as I imagined it would be. Take it. I was waiting to give you the ring until I was sure I had another book in me. I just don't want you to end up regretting me because I can't finish. I would never regret you. Yeah,you say that now. But what if I'm not lucas the writer? What if I'm lucas the small-time basketball coach? What if that's all I'm ever gonna be? Then I'd be the small-town basketball coach's wife. Look at me,lucas. I don't love you for your book. I love you for the mind that book sprang from. And I don't care if you never write another word again. You will always be more than a small-town basketball coach. because you'll be the man that I love. Lindsey. evelyn strauss. will you marry me? lindsey,um. I'm sorry.I never wanted -- lucas asked me to marry him. Are you awake? No. Sorry I got upset with you. You had a right to be upset. I finally started walking again. I've got no business being in some guy's face. Lucas kissed peyton. What? When? Before we left tric,in peyton's office. I walked in,and I saw the whole thing,or enough of it. I don't understand how lucas can do that to lindsey after everything that they've been through. And peyton,who does she think she is? She turned down lucas' proposal. She broke his heart. She has no right to take him from lindsey. Maybe it wasn'tat wh it looked like. Maybe it was just a friendly kiss,or maybe it was a goodbye kiss. Maybe it was just a mistake. No,I know what I saw. This was a full-on romantic lucas/peyton kiss. You should forget what you saw. Oh,really,forget it? No,what I need to do is tell lindsey. See,that's not your place,regardless of what it looked like. I mean,look,if lucas is cheating on lindsey, then he needs to be man enough to tell her himself. You know,of all the guys I dated in new york, not one of them ever named a shot after me. I think it kind of separates you from all the rich, handsome,famous,successful,educated types. Flatter me all you want. You're still cut off. Listen,pal,my name is technically a brand, so I could sue you for naming that shot after me. First of all,you named the shot after yourself. Second of all,that shot was the patricia foster last week, the liz thompson the week before. Chances are,it'll have a new name tomorrow night, so if you want to sue me,better do it fast. Well,if my name's only gonna be on it for the night. maybe there's something else I should do real fast. I think you are way too full of yourself to make that kind of decision. Hi,P.Sawyer. Please tell me those are tears of joy. Okay,no. I'm coming home right now. Ooh,not so fast,headline waiting to happen. I'll drop you off. You do like me. No,you driving drunk is just something I actually can get sued for. Leave a message. Hi,uh,millicent,it's -- it's mouth,marvin.mouth. Um,I just wanted you to know I had a really nice time with you tonight, and I'm sorry if it ended weird or if you felt bad, not that you should feel bad. I should feel bad. I do feel bad. So.call me. Marvin -- mouth. I mean,you should call me,and my name is marvin or mouth, not you should call me marvin. I just w-- Tell me you are not lying here, torturing yourself with a copy of lucas' book. In that moment,my triumph was not a state championship. but a moment of clarity. I've read it,honey.I know how it ends. That's funny. Because it seems like lucas has forgotten. Oh,brooke,he asked lindsey to marry him. What? That's crazy. Maybe.Or maybe crazy is me thinking that -- that he could still have feelings for me after all these years. But we both know lucas has a history of throwing himself into the wrong relationship, especially when he can't admit the truth about who he loves. No. It's different this time. Okay. What am I supposed to do? Come here. first,you're gonna let go. and now we're gonna sit, and you are gonna cry on my shoulder for as long as you need to,okay? Come here. Suddenly,it was as if the roar of the crowd, the echo of the final buzzer, the cheers of my teammates were all sounding from a thousand miles away. and what remained in that bizarre muffled silence was only peyton, the girl whose art and passion and beauty had changed my life. In that moment,my triumph was not a state championship, but simple clarity, the realization that we had always been meant for each other, and every instinct to the contrary had simply been a denial of the following truth. I was now and would always be. in love with peyton sawyer. I'm really sorry we're late. Hey,no tv for you and no ice cream until the afternoon. Keep it to one scoop,okay? One. Okay. You forgot. It's fine! You look so handsome! Okay,um,your dad's gonna pick you up after practice.All right? Bye. Thank you. Bye. Haley,so glad you're here. Oh,I've got to go,actually,but is everything okay? Oh,everything's great,I mean, as long as this town's big enough for two mrs.Scotts. Oh,my god. Congratulations! Hangover? More like teetering on the edge of death. Don't you need that? I'll brew more. Thanks. Listen,I don't remember much of last night, but I have a feeling I was less than professional. It was probably my fault for not cutting you off. On the bright side,at least your drunken mistake didn't ruin your basketball career. Did it ruin my nanny career? You got to stop the flirting,carrie, and the skinny-dipping and -- I think the severity of this hangover pretty much guarantees it'll never happen again. I hope that's true. Drin oentyf water. Hey,mouth -- what are you doing? Uh,well,the thing is -- did you hear about alice? She got fired. What? When? First thing this morning. She's already gone. How great is that? That is greater than you know So,what happened? Do you think they found out about how abusive she was? Not exactly. Apparently,she was sleeping with an employee. They're totally,like,cleaning house. Man,we ain't gonna never beat la salle if you gonna be late. Actually,we're never gonna beat la salle,even if you're on time. Maybe I should have spent last night planning a strategy to win instead of getting engaged,huh? Definitely. Wait.Hold on.Did you just say engaged? Congratulations,big brother. That's awesome. No doubt,baby. Way to go. So,who's the lucky girl? You're kidding,right? No,that's a legit question. With peyton back in town,it could be anybody's ballgame. Could even be brooke. Stop. It's lindsey. Excellent choice. Things might work out for you after all. Maybe not. Do you see what I'm talking about? You can't just hit people. Man,all I know is ms.James-scott needed somebody to defend her honor, and her own husband wasn't man enough to do it. Let me tell you something -- my wife's honor is not something that can be taken away by some loudmouth jackass in a bar. What can be taken away is your ability to play. It looks like jit'sust a sprain. Could be a few days. It could be a month. That's just great. That's a hell of a punch,Q. You might have taken out a whole team with it. If you wanted to break my heart, there are a thousand ways you could do it. You did not have to propose to lindsey to hurt me. It didn't have anything to do with you. It's just weird timing. Weird timing. Okay,luke. I know that it must seem like -- no,don't marry her,luke! Peyton,you can't -- am I crazy? Do you not feel what I have felt every day that we've been apart for the last three years? Because I have felt there is this vital piece of me that's been missing. And I tried to fill it,luke. I tried to fill it. with work and friends and music, and it stayed empty until last night when you kissed me, and my entire universe snapped back into focus. Lucas,look me in the eye and tell me that that kiss did not ctel exaly the same as it felt three years ago. I'm in love with her,peyton. What is going on here? Um,just congratulating luke. Did you hear he's engaged? Yeah,I'm gonna be her matron of honor. Luke,I need to talk to you alone. Something you want to tell me? Is this a trick question? Luke,marriage is a huge commitment. Can you honestly tell me that you're positive lindsey's the one? Okay,I know where this igoing. To tell you the truth,lindsey will always be my number two. but only because you are my number one. And you always will be.Just don't tell lindsey or nathan. Marriage is serious, and you better be ready to commit to lindsey for the rest of your life. Does that mean you're happy for me? Get the doctor! Nurse! Mama said no tv. What mama doesn't know won't hurt her. She's okay. We've set the monitor to notify of any changes. Let me know if adrian tells lexi they harvested the wrong lung. You know he's going to. Can I help you? Looking for a gift for this girl I know. Well,you've definitely come to the right place. What's this girl look like? Dark hair,hazel eyes. If she didn't already own it. I bet she'd like this one. Yeah,but she's a little taller than you, so do you have any other sizes? Brooke,it's victoria. She's settinga meeting for you with a furrier. One sec. Apparently,furs are about to make an unprecedented comeback. Really? Jamie,cover your ears. Let's make this short and sweet. There is no situation in which I am going to kill furry woodland creatures to make coats out of them,okay? Thanks. Let me guess -- bar hag's still calling the shots? Aren't you supposed to be shopping for some fugly giantess? I'm just saying,why do you work with her if she makes you that crazy? Well,first of all,the bar hag,as you call her,is my mother. And second of all,she's my business partner. And if it weren't for her,I wouldn't have a bazillion-dollar company, a magazine,and all these lovely clothes you see here. My mother wanted me to be an orthodontist,but I just said no. Judging from your car,maybe you should have reconsidered. A jab against my car. You're that girl,huh? That's disappointing. What's underneath all the clothes,brooke davis? Hey,peyton,it's me -- molly. I -- I live in your old bedroom. Right,keeper of my closet door,hey. If I'd known other people would be reading everything I wrote on that thing, I probably would have been more careful. Well,I'm glad you weren'T. I wanted to ask,did lucas really carry you out of the library after you got shot? Um,yeah. That must have been so romantic. Well,I was actually kind of preoccupied bleeding out on the library carpet,so. didn't really think about that. I don't remember writing that part down on my closet doors. Oh,right,of course. I've read it 13 times. Is that weird? Well,it's just that, when we moved into our new house and I read your closet door, I knew it was special. Then I read this book. And I realized I was part of this timeless love story. The truth is,sometimes,I read that door, and I imagine that I have your life instead of mine. No,molly,I am not someone you want to live vicariously through,okay? I'm -- I'm a mess. Lucas scott didn't think so. And besides,even if you are,no one's ever gonna write about my life. It's marvin,right? Yes,sir. I suppose you heard we had to fire alice day for carrying on an inappropriate relationship with a subordinate. I suppose you know a little something about that. Yes,sir.I -- it's okay,son. Apparently,half the station knew about alice and rick. Rick? Evening news anchorman rick? I know. Programming director sleeping with her anchor -- oh,boy. Competition's gonna love that,huh? I'm sorry -- rick,with the toupee,rick? Listen,marvin. we're in a bit of a scramble here. We're gonna need all hands on deck. I watched your audition tape. It's good. You know,the tree hill ravens have their season opener coming up. How would you like to cover it? Yes,sir.Yes. Good man. Thank you. Uh,mcfadden,word of advice -- therrtoppounity here for a kid who will work hard and keep his nose clean. Yes,sir. What did they say? Do they know about carlton? What about carlton? He was giving it to alice. What -- you didn't know? They said she was ngsleepi with rick. Really? Wait,wait,wait. Anchorman rick with the toupee? So she was sleeping with carlton,too? Oh,yeah. Hey,mouth. they didn't say anything about me,did they? No,why would they s-- you were sleeping with her,too? Just a few mornings before work. Rick -- I mean,that's just nasty. You ready? Okay,we're rolling. Haley,did I do something to upset you? You mean besides lying and cheating? Excuse me? You told me you weren't back for lucas. I'm not. That's the lying. - Haley - you kissed him last night. I saw you. And that's the cheating. And now I have to be the matron of honor to a really sweet girl whose fianc? is hooking up with his old girlfriend behind her back. So,yeah,I know we're friends,but,yeah,peyton, you did something to upset me and that should upset you. Okay,listen. You said no,peyton,and lindsey said yes. I said,someday. Well,lucas fell in love in the meantime. You've got to stop trying to take that away from him. but that's the thing -- it's not what he says,it's the way he says it. He honestly acts like he is above me,which is ridiculous. He's a bartender.He mixes** like chocolate milk? Not exactly. Are you gonna kill furry woodland creatures? I most certainly am not gonna kill furry woodland creatures. Promise? Pinky swear,yeah. Now,where was I? He should be so lucky. I am brooke davis. Brooke penelope davis. Exactly! Besides,what has he ever even said to make me think he's worth my time? What's underneath all the clothes,brooke davis? How old are you again? All right. One more scoop for the boy genius,but don't tell your mom. Come on. You got to know it's on your sleeve this top is really cute.Big date? Oh,just something to impress a guy. Well,I hope this does the trick. Fingers crossed. Millicent,uh,you never called me back,so I thought I'd swing by. Actually,I didn't call back on purpose. Can I ask why? I don't think we're a good match. You like sports,and I like ballet,so there's that. That's the worst reason I've ever heard. Then how about you like having sex with your boss,and I like ballet? Brooke told me. Thank you,brooke davis. Look,that's completely over with,as of last night. Well,I'm glad to hear that,marvin,but it's not really the point. I don't want to date the kind of guy who would sleep with his boss to get ahead at his job, no matter how hot or funny or smart he is otherwise. Millicent. I'm very sorry,marvin,but. you're just not the guy I had hoped you would be. I'm marvin mcfadden,along by -- I'm marvin mcfadden,and with today is -- are you okay? I'm sorry. This is the biggest break of my life, and I can't stop thinking about this girl I met. She thinks I'm morally bankrupt, and the truth is,I have been lately. Come on,mouth. You're the most stand-up guy I know. All right,look,if it's true. turn it around. Thanks,lucas. Where were we? Uh,you were asking me how we intend on, um,avoiding getting our asses handed to us. I'm here with coach lucas scott, whose storied buzzer-beater sealed a championship for the tree hill ravens four years ago. hi,mom. So,is there any way that there's,like, a cosmic loophole that could allow you to talk to me? 'Cause I could really use one of those mother/daughter talks all the other girls are raving about. lucas has asked another girl to marry him. I know,right,who does he think he is,asking some beautiful,brilliant, successful editor over the unemployed girl who said someday? What do I do now,mom? Where do I go from here? thanks,mom. I fear Scott residence. Hey,carrie.It's me. Listen,I have been making some great progress with mia, and I was hoping to put in a few more hours, but I wasn't sure if jamie and nathan were waiting on me for dinner. They're not home right now,but I'll handle dinner if they show up. Really? That would be great.Thank you. You're a lifesaver. Just happy to help. Boys,dinner's ready! Let me see that. Oh,it's genius. It's a work of art. A work of art.Look,mama. Uh,I mean,nanny carrie. I've been thinking about what you said earlier,and I get it. I wouldn'twant to date you if you were sleeping with your boss,either. Brooke? Ct.Vioria. I would totally date you if you were sleeping with brooke. Millicent,wait,uh. thm not at guy,at least that's not the guy I've been in the past. Would you give me just one chance to prove that to you,please? I promise,it's not a date. Go home. But first. we toast your engagement. You know,I'm nervous. Oh,don't be nervous. Them chumps at la salle,they won't even know what hit 'em. Yeah,I'm not talking about the game. I know. Look,I was nervous my first time,too. Just remember. it's a beautiful expression of love between a man and a woman. Very funny. Luke,you're a man. I'd be worried if you said you wasn't nervous. here's to my friend lucas scott, who don't need to be nervous because he always, without fail,follows his heart. Cheers. All right,how about just one more? Where are we? I know it doesn't look like much, but this is my favorite room in the world. With our satellite,I can find almost any sporting event anywhere,anytime. That's great,but why? I mean,why sports? I guess,when I watch a game, it reminds me we all have greatness inside of us. You know,on any given day,an underdog can rise up. It gives me hope. Here we go. What's this? The moscow ballet. I hear they're prety good. I don't understand. Well,I was hoping you would tell me why you love ballet, 'cause I think you're really great, millicent,and I'd love to know more about you. I'm sorry I called you mama. It's okay. You want to hear a secret? Sometimes I pretend you're my kid. you're so good with him. No,he's good with me. What? What's so funny? Nothing,just -- you've had paint on your face for the past two hours. Why didn't you tell me? Where? Here. Wait a minute. Close your eyes. You actually managed to get paint on your eyelids. Okay. Hold on.I'll get it. Nanny carrie! Do you think maybe whitey will let you out of practice early so we can catch a movie? What are you doing,peyton? Just pretending for a second that we're still 17 and nothing's changed. Would you believe I actually met a girl who lives vicariously through us, at least the us in the book? Sure,I do. It was a great story to be a part of,but. it also took place a long time ago. I know. I didn't come here to rehash the past. I was reminded today in a roundabout way that the most perfect act of love is sacrifice. That's what keith did for karen. burying his feelings for her for all those years so he could be a good friend. I love you,lucas. And I think I have since the first moment we locked eyes. And it is gonna suck! But if what you want is for me to let go. then I'm gonna do it. Oh,be happy,luke. I want that with all my heart. Dear molly,this is gonna sound a little strange, but I'd like you to paint over my old closet door. The thing is,there is never a time when you'll be more honest, when your convictions will be stronger, or when your motives will be more pure than they are right now. which means you should chase whatever it is that excites you. They have such perfect lines and grace and power. If I closed my eyes,you could totally be talking about sports right now. Maybe you should try it. Ballet? Closing your eyes. Be confident and take risks. and paint over my words so you can start writing your own. I assume you're not carjacking me. You said you wanted to know what was under the clothes. I was being existential. I was being literal. and serious. You make two fantastic points. I should be getting home. What? You're turning down naked me? Nobody turns down naked me. Relax. It was a joke. You win. Really? Absolutely. Let's have sex,brooke davis. Your place or mine? As if. you haven't earned that,bartender boy. Sleep tight. My story may have inspired you, but I'm certain your story will inspire the next girl to live in our room. Attagirl. You're home late. Yeah,sorry. Mmm,mia's album is sounding awesome. Great. Just,uh,wish you were home more. Thanks.Me,too. God,it's been a long day. I snapped at lucas,basically called peyton a whore. I feel pretty lousy about it. Are you gonna tell lindsey about the kiss? I don't know. I'm starting to think some things are better left secrets. I'm going to bed now,okay? Yeah,great.We're fine here. Just let me know if you need me. I want you to know you don't need somebody to write about you in order for yur life to mean something. You can write about yourself. Make your own destiny. Then,years from now, the next girl will keep what you write on that door long enough to remind you of how inspired your life is. And you can tell that girl to paint over the door, because you realize the words you wrote,the friends you had, the urgency you felt will always be there underneath the paint. Let's get married right away. The love you professed will always be there, the spark of something undeniable, a seed of hope,the truth,for better or for worse, burning fiercely,just below the surface. Love,peyton. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-