one tree hill Season 6 Episode 24</font> [ Wakey!Wakey!'S "war sweater"plays ] New york is dangerous littered with thieves and we've no morals here we just do as we please but I don't wanna go home where they all stare at me 'cause I'm tattooed and fired up and drunk and obscene 'cause you wear your religion like a war sweater you ask for the truth but you know you could do so much better and you sat on your fences and you screamed, "no retreat" so what will your legacy be? I love your daughter. I'm in love with her. Would you ask her to call me,please? I look closely to which speaks from pride I love you I swear it  I would never lie but I fear for our lives and I fear your closed eyes 'cause you wear your religion like a war sweater well,you're here late. Yeah.The competition never sleeps. Any messages? Uh,no. Nothing that matters. And you screamed, "no retreat" so what will your legacy be? And what will your legacy be? It's okay. Daddy's here. you know  If you keep letting these root-beer floats go to waste, I'm gonna have to start drinking them. I'm kidding. They'll be here when you wake up. You know who else will be here when you wake up is,uh... god,our beautiful daughter. She's,uh... You should see her. She's amazing,peyton. But she needs you. And so do I. Come on. You promised. you promised. you need to go home,brooke. You've been awake for the better part of the last four days,and it's not healthy. I need to be here when she wakes up. what is that? Every fashion magazine I could find. - But you just said -- yeah,but I knew when I said you needed to go home that you'd say you needed to be here when peyton woke up,because you're stubborn,brooke davis. You don't know me. I think I do. She needs to wake up. Yeah,I know. Everything's fine. Just,you know,call if you hear anything,okay? Thanks,haley. - No word? - No...word. Lucas must be  so freaked out. Peyton's a badass. She'll be okay. What you got there? My new record. Let me see that. My girl's such a rock star. You did good,mia catalano. We did good... me and haley and peyton. Peyton really should be here for this. Red bedroom records.Can I help you? Um,peyton's not here right now,but... . ..she'll be back soon. You know,I,uh... I'm in a little... I'm in a little over my head here. I took her home,and,uh... I'm doing what I can,but... but she needs her mom. I need her mom. She doesn't even have a name. We were supposed to do that together. I can't do this without you. And I'm just... afraid... that we're gonna lose you,and it's just gonna be the two of us. And she doesn't even have a name. Sawyer.Her name's sawyer,okay? Okay.Sawyer scott.God,you scared me. - Oh,my god. - Peyton. You said you would disown me if I left without permission. Yeah. I'm about to be your second-best girl when you meet your new one. Is she okay? She's beautiful. Can I see her? She's right outside.Hang on. I should get the doctor. No. I just want it to be you and me and our daughter for a minute. Okay. - Well,well. - MoM. My baby's had a baby. And she's beautiful. Hi,sawyer. Do you remember me? I missed you. I'm gonna love you forever. She's perfect. Hey,dad,when you get back to charleston,tell nino he needs to stop shooting so much,okay? Nino's not there,buddy. How come?Did they fire him? He's playingr fothe clippers now. They called him up. When are they gonna call you up,dad? I don't know,jamie.Maybe never. It's okay. At least you're still a chief. [ Rosi golan's "come around" plays ] Yeah. All right. All set. I'll take it. Thanks,budd What's that? Sam's new home. I miss that girl. Yeah. So I guess you have to be getting back to L.A. Yeah.I mean -- I mean,we're prepping the new movie. Yeah,I haven't even asked what it's about. You know,boy meets girl,boy loses girl. Anyway,it was great getting to spend time with you,brooke,even considering the circumstances. Yeah,you too. Thank you... for staying with me. Yeah,well,I wanted to make sure peyton was gonna be okay. Of course. Well... lay your ray down   you're the one I could run,I could run for the life of me but where would that get me? Where would that lead? I'm a fool   for waiting so long 'cause you come around,come around come around,come around to me there's something in between you and I I love you,brooke davis.I love you so much. Don't say it.Just kiss me. You feel like breathing come around,come around,come around,come around to me Can't you see you're my life? Do you want me to take her so you can get some rest? Mm,no.I want to hold her forever. Hey,karen,thank you... for the way you raised lucas and the man that you taught him how to be. You're welcome. But I was just being a mom. You'll see. Come around,come around,come around,come around to me come around   to me hey,what are you doing down here? I don't want to go back to new york. And I don't want you to go back to new york. But i have to. I know. I'm just gonna have to talk to brooke. And say what? "I don't want to go back to new york. " Straight and to the point.I like it. Come on. I remember sitng on these steps,talking to you about joining the ravens. That seems so long ago. It feels like yesterday,actually. Lily wrote you a letter. She's writing already?What,was she born,like,four days ago? No,that was your daughter,dad. Yeah,whatever,grandma karen. Look,I know you can't stay,but before you go,I just really -- I really wanted to say "thank you. - Lucas... - no,no,no,no,no,no. You helped me through all of it. And you were selfless and strong. And... if I'm half the parent that you were,then sawyer is gonna be just fine. She's gonna be more than fine. Remember how you always told me to see the magic in the world? I still do. nate? Bobby wants to see you. What happened to all my stuff? Y bobbwants to see you. What are you doing home? Do you remember that green dress you wore to the mathketball school for jamie? The oppenheimer school.Yeah. You look amazing  in that dress. I was thinking we could take a trip to charlotte. You could wear that dress. We could take jamie. Nathan,what happened? I'm not on the chiefs anymore. - I'm sorry,baby. - It's okay. What do yoy,haley james? Want to take the boy to charlotte? Maybe we could see a basketball game? I mean,I kind of have to be there anyway,considering... I'm the bobcats' new point guard. What? I'm the point guard for the charlotte bobcats. I got called up. You're in the nba? I'm in the nba. Thank you. Thank you for lieving in me,haley. Thank you for being worth it! Please. I assume that's loaded. I bought this gun hoping to see your face again. I'll just say you broke in,came at me. You'd be doing me a favor. You look like a haunted man. I heard you have a heart problem. It's not surprising. You've always had a heart problem. I wish I'd gone back in that game -- the state championship. When I look back at my life and see where it all went wrong,that's where I always end up -- fourth quarter,time running down,sitting on the bench at the state championship,and refusing to play. At night,in my dreams,I do go back in. And in my dreams,I take it back. All of it. And then I wake up. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for that day and every day since. I'm sorry for what I did to keith... ...and to the people who love him. Did you ever love him? Not enough. [ Kim taylor's "days like this" plays ] Hi,sam.It's me. No,everything's fine. I was just thinking about you,and... and I was wondering -- how's your life? Are you happy? New lead coming out of commercial. Is this for real? Yeah. Sorry. Jamie,sports is up next. What's the big deal?I got wifi on my phone. Get over here and watch with us. Last night in the nba, the charlotte bobcats  quietly made a move that most sports fans  wouldn't have noticed, adding a point gua  to their roster  for the rest of the season. But we're leading  with that story because this point guard  is a local legend who overcame adversity  and difficult circumstances  in pursuit of a dream. Last night,the charlotte bobcats called up  a former tree hill raven, a great guy,and a good friend,nathan scott. Jamie scott,hug your dad for all of us because he just made it  to the nba, and we couldn't be more proud. In other news  around the league,the los angeles clippers are -- jamie. I knew you could do it! You're gonna kill me before I even play in a game,buddy! I was supposed to be dead months ago. I used to wonder why I was still alive. And then I realized... I'm not. I'm dead. And this is my hell. Lucas got married and had a baby girl. And nathan... he's got jamie. And I get to see the happiest moments of their lives, buT... I don't get to feel  those moments. I don't get to be a part of their lives. You created that,danny. Pull the trigger. Take the pain away! Please.Please. Maybe you're still here for redemption. there's still time,son. I just came to tell my coach I made it to the nba. how you doing,coach? Good to see you.It's a great surprise.I see you're keeping in shape. this track is awesome! Thanks. And the record officially drops tomorrow? Tomorrow night. Signing in new york city. And then...you tour. Foa couple months,yeah. Listen,I-I know you're gonna go on tour and this record's gonna blow up, and just know that aart of me wants to be really selfish with you. But I'm not gonna be that way because -- well...because the rest of the world deserves to see your greatness,too. My heart'S... not going anywhere. Promise? Promise. mia's new record? Yeah.It's really good. She's actually doing a signing in new york tomorrow night. - Maybe you could go... - yeah! - About that... - ...if you weren't gonna be here in tree hill instead. Wait.What? The store's gonna be back up and running soon,and I need you here to run it. But what about new york?Don't you need someone there? I do,but your boy is here. Hi,peyton. What do you want? I just wanted... could I hold her? No. Why?- Because she's the only one in my world who doesn't know what I've done. Just for a second. [ Gin wigman's "hallelujah" plays ] Take your last step I'd forgotten what it was like. She's so beautiful.What's her name? Sawyer. Sawyer scott. "'And now,' said max,'let the wild rumpus start. '" "Where the wild things are. I used to read it to nathan. It seems like another life ago. It was. I know you're gonna have to tell her about me someday. I'm sorry for that. Hallelujah for these eyes e o seyour painted life hallelujah for the touch of skin to skin with mine hallelujah for this mind that keeps our souls combined hallelujah for this life that let me be your child have your mind   have your strength to stay alive keep your eyes open with mine now   oh,no you followed the road how would you like your old roommate back? A face without words can last a lifetime   it's never the same so don't say odbyes that last forever now hold on just for a while but I'll be by to see you   someday soon now please hold on tonight oh,'cause I'm old and I don't know why Hallelujah for these eyes Tell me about...julian. Brooke.What kind of man is he? The kind who's gone. Hallelujah for this mind that keeps our souls combined now hallelujah for this life that let me be your child I finally made it,Q.Something tells meyou already know that. I miss you,buddy. Oh,and,Q... It's a comeback.Thank you. You're a traffic light of fire you're a man who I believe will never die luke around? No. He had to take karen to the airport.She had to get back. She's so beautiful. Yeah,I kind of like her. So how does it feel,P.Sawyer? You have a family now. You -- you have this whole other life to look after. It feels just like I dreamed it would. Can I hold her? Yeah!Got her? Oh,yeah. Hi,sawyer. I'm your aunt brooke,and I am gonna spoil you. Yes,I am,sawyer scott. Sawyer brooke scott. - Really? - Yeah. See,I always knew  you were a brooke. And it is a really good name,baby brooke. Just like I dreamed. And what about your dreams,brooke davis? Are you going somewhere? Back to new york. The designs are excellent. The new line should stabilize the company. There's nothing left for me to do here. There are a few things that I need to leave you with. We need to call our publicist and arrange a series of interviews announcing your return to the company. You need to speak with the people at red and organize some sort of charitable contribution. And you need to fly to los angeles and tell that boy that you love him. What? When I was young,there was a boy who loved me,and I loved him back. But he wasn't from my circle of friends,and he was different than what my parents expected... so I let him go. And not a day has gone by that I don't regret it. Why haven't you ever told me this? Because I've been a terrible mother. I have a daughter who is... ...strong and bright,kindhearted,so beautiful... and I've nearly broken her with my inability to open my heart. But I haven't broken her. She's just as strong and beautiful and kindhearted as ever. She simply misnamed her company. Because if this boy julian loves you... and you love him... ...That's all that matters. That is the most important thing. And the clothes can wait. This is for you. What is it? It's the company. It's all yours -- 100%. But why? I'd rather have my daughter than a company. But you loved  this company. Yeah. I did. And I was wrong. I should have loved you more... and the company less. I just didn't know how. Mom? I want you to stay on... and run things from new york. You're keeping me? You're good at what you do. And besides... ...you're my mother. My daughter. My daughter. I love you so much. And I'm so proud of you. 60 seconds,mouth. Thanks,jerry.Thanks. I thought you took off. I just wanted to watch my boy work. I like that -- being your boy. I like it,too. Skills called.They're gonna watch the game with us. Great.Sounds perfect. It does,doesn't it? Jerry: We're back in 10! God,I love my life. A full slate in the nba kicks off tonight with the charlotte bobcats,who recently called up nathan scott. The team says that scott will take his physical -- mouth: Take a look at yourself  in a mirror. Who do you see looking back? Haley: Is it the person  you want to be? You made it. We made it. What do you think? dan: Or is there someone else  you were meant to be -- the person  you should have been,but fell short of? Mia: Is someone telling you  you can't or you won't? Because you can. Could you write,"thanks for the 45 seconds of heaven"? 30. - Wait for me? - Hell,yeah. ***** believe that lov  is out there. From the university of maryland,6'2" point guard,wearing number 12, annath scott! nathan: Believe that dreams  come true every day. Because they do. Peyton: Sometimes happiness  doesn't come from money  or fame or power. Sometimes happiness comes from good friends and family and from the quiet nobility of leading a good life. We're gonna try the lights now,okay,julian? Okay. You told me that someday I'd be ready to let someone in. I think today mit be "someday. " Julian: Believe that dreams  come true every day. Because they do. If this was a movie,you'd kiss me right now. No. I'd say,"I lo you," and then I'd kiss you. I love you. Brooke: Believe that dreams  come true every day. Because they do. take a ride with me,peyton sawyer? Don't you mean peyton scott? peyton:  So take a look in that mirror and remind yourself  to be happy,because you deserve to be. Believe that. And believe that dreams come true every day. Because they do. ** **** -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly