I understand,but i thought I was in charge of the school paper and had final say on what went in it. And i have final say on whether or not you work here. If continuing this pgnancy means I lose you,then we end it. I'm having this baby. We're having this baby. What do you want me to say? How about,julian"? How about,"I like you"? You want to talk about keith?Let's talk about keith. From the way I see it,I pulled the trigger,but you loaded the gun. It's good that you're gonna die soon,dan. Grandpa? It's time for you to get better. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: YTET- °îµÂÖí </font> one tree hill Season 6Episode18</font> look,I'm not saying I do or I de  havany llicit narcotics currently in my domicile. But if I did and my dog happened to eat,say,3 ounces of,actually, some really nice lebanese hash,would yosay he'd be okay... or no? Sit your stupid ass down,and I'll call a veterinarian. Mr. Scott. - We'll get you prepped in a moment. - Okay. Lucas. Is everything all right? It's fine.I'm getting a heart. It's about time. I need a helicopter. For the final river court scene -- lucas told me. But you can shoot it with a crane.You don't need a helicopter. Yes,but I've never had sex in a helicopter before. Excuse me,julian?Brooke davis on line 1. Nice. - I have to call her back. - Okay. Is that the girl that auditioned for peyton? Yeah.And she was about to be the girl who auditioned for peyton,slash, new office P.A.Having sex with me in a helicopter,until you ruined it. I wonder if we could do it in a crane. Julian,you have a call. It kind of gets a little crazy right before production.Can you take a message? Okay,but it's the head of the studio -- I mean,your father. He said it was urgent. Yeah,dad,what's up? All right,8 seconds left,down by 2. Here's what I want.I want you here,here,here,and here. Set the picks there,pick there,knock down the shot,and send their sorry butt home in O.T. You got me?! All right. Big game james,I want you to inbound the ball and take the shot. - You with me? - Yeah. All right. "No mercy" on 3. 1,2,3. No mercy! Ball,ball!Pass it,pass it! James,look!Look! Pass the ball!Pass the ball! Ball! Madison,ball! Ball! Hey,ref,that was a foul,man! Dude,there were like a dozen fouls. Go home. I asked you here today,haley,because I thought we should talk things through. Having a teacher on suspension is never good for us. Well,I would be happy to not be on suspension,but that's up to you. And I'd be happy to end your suspension,as long as you agree to print an apology for your actions in the next edition of the school paper. I've prepared it for you. I'll also be taking over the paper's publishing responsibilities going forward. In addition,you'll address your literature class and explain that you were wrong and that you showed a serious error in judgment. And if I don't? You'll be fired. Jack?Jack! Jack! Just give it to me.And go,okay? I won't tell,I promise. Just go.Go. Shoplifting,sam? You have everything you could ever want,and you are out ealing,like a common thief? They're not even pressing charges! Because I cried and begged and told them you were semi-retarded! That is not the point.What the hell? Did you ever consider that maybe it was a case of mistaken identity and that maybe I wasn't shoplifting and that maybe,just maybe,they got the wrong person? The wrong peonwith the pack of hot dogs and no receipt? I don't even like hot dogs,and I have the money! The thing is -- the thing is,You are an unfixable little smartass, who apparently is gonna do whatever she wants. Don'T. Brooke,it's julian. I'm sorry --  I've been kind of out of touch,and I need to talk to you. Call me. That got anything to do with why you're so mad at me? No. I am mad at you because it doesn't feel like you're making any progress. You stole from me at clothes over bros,and I figured, "okay,you were desperate,you lacked guidance,you felt unloved. " So,what do I do? I forgive you,I take you in,I care for you, give you anything you want,and you make me feel like an idiot! Is that what you really think -- that I'm unfixable? Oh,don't put this on me,sam. I am not the one who got caught stealing today and then tried to lie my way out of it. I'm not lying! And I wasn't stealing,either! But you know what -- whatever.Believe whatever the hell you want to believe. Okay. Okay,well,maybe you can make a few cal and get back to me. Yeah,thanks. Is everything okay with peyton? Yeah,so far.Thanks for asking. Um,what's up?My dad called a little while ago.He's been fired. That's too bad.How's he taking it? Well,he's taking it with a huge cash settlement and an overall production deal. Well,so he's good. I don't think you understand,luke. Reese: Korman,it's me.Uh,yeah,I heard.Listen. I'm pay or play,right? You're the man. Bye. Well,boys,it's been a good run. At least I'm getting paid. Waitwait,reese,hold on. What's going on,julian? What's going on is,the movie just died,luke. Our movie just died,and you just lost your $300,000 production bonus. Is that true? When the studio head is terminated,most of the projects that aren't shooting yet go into turnaround. Okay. What's -- what's turnaround? - It means they put things on hold. - Tell the truth,julian.Come on. Luke... it means your movie's dead,done,over. It's like they're all in the third grade.When the new guy comes in. He doesn't want to play with the old guy's toys.He throws them out,buys his own toys. No,not always.Not always. This movie got a ton of love from a lot of executives that are still at the studio, so just give me a second,hang tight. Let me make some calls,okay?I'm nna do everything I can to fix this. You do that. This movie is so over. We're really sorry,coach uncle skills. It's okay. It'sy.Ot oka we stink! We suck. We're hosed. Well,wait,hold on,now. We only lost by two points. Yeah,but we still lost. Yeah,but you got to look at things from the brighter side. Chuck,you played the whole game today without fouling and without punching somebody in the crotch,right? Yeah. Madison... you didn't start doing your homework on the bench until the second half, even when I knew it was killing you to just relax and have fun. Right? All right. Jamie scott -- 14 points. Andre fields -- 8 points. And caroline rutenbar -- 2 points,2 rebounds,and no pee in the pants. Y'all give it up. All right,don't do drugs,stay in school,and nanny deb has all the snacks. Y'all get on out of here,rock stars. You are so good with them. Hey,I love kids. Maybe one day,we'll have some of our own. Hey,wait.Save me a juice box. I am so pissed off! So,she expects you to apologize. Yes.Can you believe that? Well,I bet our kitchen drawers are really organized right now. Why do you say that? Because. That's who you are,haley james. And I know that even though rimkus is completely wrong, you're thinking about taking the high road on this one, because you're a good teacher and you care about your students. Yeah,I do care,but you know what -- when you're young and you look at how great your life's gonna be, you don't think about having a rimkus there to screw it all up with her written apologies and her stupid-ass policies, and it's totally unfair that I have to apologize for something, when I don't even think I was wrong,because i wasn't wrong. I get it,baby.And I completely agree. And if you want to tell rimkus to shove it,I'm good with that. But I think you know that if you do that,these kids are gonna lose the best teacher they have. Yeah. So,I'm thinking I'm just gonna love you even more, because... you're probably gonna take the high road and be gracious and honorable, because that's who you are,haley james. Our kitchen drawers are really organized,by the way. Hi,"Q." Uncle lucas let me come say hi. We had a game today,and I scored a bunch of points. But we lost. He's doing really good,"Q. " He's got your crossover dribble. Andre did great,too. I know he misses you a lot.We all do. I'll be right back,okay? The truth is,I see how worried the doctors are and how terrified lucas is, so I'm trying to be strong through all of it,but I'm scared,mom. So if you could put in a good word for us up there... Thanks,mom. This place is way too full of people I love and miss. There's not any room for any more. You hear me? Not even one. Hey,I'll go wait in the car. Okay. You ready to go,jame? How did great-uncle keith die? He was shot,jamie. - Like quentin? - Yeah. Why do people do bad things like that,uncle lucas? Maybe you should ask your grandpa dan. Is that all you got?! That's the best you can do?! A crazy bitch nanny and a dog?! That supposed to be some kind of karmic lesson? Well,I don't need your lesson. D I'm not gonna apologize,either,or cower or beg or cry! I've done that. It's over. And let me tell you something else. I'm not gonna pray,either. You hear me?! I won't!I showed remorse. I said "I'm sorry. " And if that's not good enough,you come and get me,god,you miserable son of a bitch. I give up. this wasn't great day to be alive. Julian: It's over. I talked to everybody I could at the studio,shutting down production. It's just politics and bad timing,luke. So it's definitely not happening. I'm sorry. Now I got to go tell a bunch of people they just lost their jobs. What about brooke?Did you talk to her yet? I tried calling her,but... I'm not really worried about brooke davis. Something tells me she'll be just fine. I didn'tean the job part. Yeah,I didn't either. - See you guys around.Bye,jamie. - Bye. Well... you were worried about the book becoming a movie, anyway -- l the stuf with keith. Yeah. Can I have this picture? Sure,jame. What now? It's peyton. Okay. What's wrong? They don't like the song. Who?John or the a&r guys? Apparently all of them.And it's not like they hate it,okay? They just don't love it the same way we do. - Well,theyg! - wron I agree. What do they want to do? They thought we should try it on guitar insteaof piano. But it's perfect on the piano. Maybe so,honey,but if you love this song and you want to keep it,maybe you should just try it. What do you think,haley? Sometimes you have to play the game. What game you playing,boy? "Sims." I'm making my own tree hill. Is there a skills character? Yeah.But he mostly just gets all mushy with nanny deb. I like your style,baby. See if you can give uncle skills  two nanny debs. - Okay. - Good man. But just don't tell the real nanny deb I said that,okay? That kid is a genius. And his nanny's kind of great,too. You okay? I've been meaning to talk to you for some time now. Okay. I think we should end this -- us. I think we should break up. Wait.Why? Because yoshould be a father and have a family -- one that I can't give you. Look,baby,you're not that old. I mean,you could still have kids. Yes,i could. But I don't want to. Okay.I'm good with that. Oh,you're such a sweet and wonderful guy,and -- and we have so much fun together. But at the end of the day,you deserve more than this. I don't want more than this. I think  this is good enough. For me... but not for you. I'm sorry. Brooke,it's julian! It's julian. I don't want to talk to him. Are you guys fighting? Not exactly. What not exactly happened? Nothing. And I'm still pissed at you for shoplifting. You should talk to him. We're fine.Some time apart might do us some good,anyway. Don'T. Hey,julian.Yeah,she's right here. When I hang up,I'm going to kill you,and then your dead body is grounded. Hi,julian.What's up? I'm sorry.That's terrible. So,what does that mean for you? That's soon. No,take it.Take it.I'll -- I'll call you later.Bye. They pulled the plug on the movie. He's leaving town soon -- for good. Looks like youot that time apart you wished for. You're evil.You know that? Well,what tipped you off?Our miserable marriage or the prison term? The insidiousness. How dare you pin keith's murder on me. It wasn't your fault. It wasn't my fault. I know. So,I thought you were getting your heart. Yeah,it's not gonna work out. Listen,deb,I was wondering if I could take jamie for a couple hours. Why,dan?Why would I do that? Because he's all I have left. No.Forget it. You can come with us,deb.It's just for a little while. To do what? To say goodbye. - Grandpa dan! - Hey,there's my guy. Did you get your heart already? Can I see it?What's it feel like? Sorry,buddy.It was a false alarm. Then where's your pager? Two hours. Don't make me regret this. All right,sweetie,grandpa's gonna take you for a couple hours, and then I'lsee you for dinner,okay? Do you want to come with us,nanny deb? Oh,um,no,honey. This is where I say goodbye. Hey,wait for me right outside. Goodbye,deb. Don't feel guilty. I feel guilty. Julian was being  so nice to me,and I freaked out,and I took it out on sam. I am a horrible person. "As a teacher,I must adhere to a higher standard of conduct, "and I failed to live up to that higher standard. For that,I am truly sorry. " I'm also sorry principal rimkus is a hairy-backed bitch. "Guitar.Play it on guitar. " That's their great idea. Maybe I can just play it on the spoons -- a nice spoon ballad. What the hell's she mean I'm too good for her? I'm not too good for her.Trust me,I know me. Luke,am I too good for anybody you know? Dude,I just lost $300,000.Do you understand that? $300,000. And you lost deb?Shut up! What the hell are you doing here? Celebrating. I just got paid for doing nothing. Everybody,drinks on me! Who's with me? Yeah,I'm gonna miss it here. More than you know. Hey,I got to run.I'll -- I'll see you in L.A. Okay. Sorry about the movie. It's okay. So,you're just gonna leave now? - Yeah,but it's okay,sam. - It's not okay. What about brooke? That wasn't gonna work out. You're an idiot if you believe that. The only reason she didn't call you back was because she was mad at me for shoplifting,and she didn't -- hold on.Shoplifting?What's -- what's that all about? I did it for jack. He was hungry... and I just took the fall. What did brooke say about it? I didn't tell her. She called me unfixable. You know she didn't mean that. Yeah.I know. She was just mad at you.I don't get you guys. One minute,you're making out on the couch,and the next minute,you're not even talking! What happened? I told her I loved her. She didn't say it back. But the movie's over now,so it doesn't really matter. No,it does matter. It's the only thing that matters. You know,jamie... I'm gonna miss watching you grow into the man you're gonna be someday. 'Cause I know you're gonna do great things in your life. You know I'd be there if I could,right? Come here,buddy. - Grandpa? - Yeah? You wouldn't lie to me,would you? Of course not. Because I need to ask you something. Anything,buddy. Who killed great-uncle keith? I did. It was me. I want to go home. well,look at it this way,luke -- you lost a movie and a huge production bonus. I lost a movie,a huge pa huge production bonus,and two amazing girls. Yeah,what happened with brooke,anyway? Well,we started out just having fun,but then she told me she needed to be more than that, so I made it more than that,at which point she freaked out she just wanted to have fun. Which made it really not fun for either of us,sort of. Hey,you know what -- maybe,uh... maybe you and brooke will still work it out. Yeah,we'll see. "We'll see. - What? - It's brooke davis,okay? So if you don't try,you're an idiot. Thank you. Peyton said she came home to find love. Maybe brooke will leave home to find it with you and your big-ass forehead. I like to think of it as a fivehead,thank you. And,you know,peyton happened to love it,among other big things I have. You know,I'm really glad you're leaving. Here we go. Oh,geez. Boys,boys,boys,boys! Have I taught you nothing this entire time that I've known you? You have a very small window where excessive,irresponsib consumption is allowed. For god's sake,drink something expensive,especially when production is paying for it. Does anything matter to you,reese? Now,what is that supposed to mean? Well,look,I mean,julian and i really wanted to make this movie. Lucas has a point,reese.You don't seem that upset. I get it,you guys.If we had run even one measly little frame of film through that camera, you would be sitting on a huge,fat production bonus. It's a lot of money.You're upset. I respect that. See,that's just it,man. It's not about the money. Well,so what's it about,then? Wait a minute,wait a minute,wait a minute. I'm not a writer,but... let me -- let me take a shot at this. It's that we found a story worth telling. We got the script just right,we got the crew just right, we got the perfect cast,and we were,oh, so close to being able to make something that would actually affect somebody -- someone we've never met,but for two hours,we can have a dialogue with that person, speak to them and maybe -- I mean,just Maybe -- illuminate a small part of their world by telling a story in ours. Here's the piece of the puzzle you boys are missing. Sometimes... the beauty is in the attempt. We took a shot. We gave it everything we could,and we did it well. Just didn't work out. Now,when that happens,you got two options. You could sit in a public park like a couple of homos, pouting and drinking cheap beer,or... you could celebrate the attempt! Raise your glasses right now,both of you. Get them up. To the friendships we've made along the way... and the insane amount of ass we get for doing this job. You were so close. So close. But,above all,don't let this get you down. Pick yourself up,find the next one. It's what we do,boys. It's what we know. See? Look at how happy my baby is that we saved the movie and she gets to play peyton. - That's not true. - But she doesn't know that. All right,now wait for it. You two dorks are gonna love this one. Almost forgot! I left you guys a little present in the limo! Seems I ran a little bit of film through the camera anyway. It was a sunset last night -- gorgeous!Had to have it! You just got your production bonuses,boys! But you can't do that! I just did! "And when you speak of me,speak of me well. "Bull durham. "You may not like him,minister... but you can't deny he's got style. "Harry potter. You know he charged that helicopter to the movie. I've been asked to speak with all of you because there is a chance I may have shown a small error in judgment when I published sam's essay in the school paper. Which is not to say that sam's essay wasn't a wonderful piece of writing,because it is. - It's just that -- ms.Scott. This is still my classroom. For now. What's the first thing I taught you about writing? - Tell the truth. - Tell the truth. So I would be a hypocrite if I stood up here and didn't tell y the truth,right? Look,the truth is,I love teaching all of you,and I'm -- I'm proud of you. But I did what any good teacher would do when I published sam's essay in the school paper. It was a powerful piece of writing. It was honest and naked and real and everything your writing should be. And,by the look on principal rimkus' face,I should probably say goodbye. Ju try and remember it's too early for you to start playing the game. Hell,it's too early for me to start playing the game. Stand up for what you believe in. The truth matters,so tell it,no matter what. Brooke. I was gonna call you,but... but I said I loved you,and you didn't say it back,and I said it was fine. But it wasn'T. Yeah. I heard about,um,sam and the whole shoplifting thing. But the thing is,it wasn't her fault. She was just covering for jack,and,you know,she promised she wouldn't tell. I called her unfixable. I know. But she's not. And you know she's not,because she loves you. And so do I. And you know what -- that's okay,because sometimes the beauty is in the attempt. I got to go. This is crazy. I don't want you to go. And I don't want to go. But I have to. Julian,I... I'm gonna miss you,brooke davis. Usty. Yeah. It's like this. Hey,I'm sorry about the movie,man. Haley told you,huh? She tell you she got fired? I thought she was just suspended. That was until this morning. I don't know,man.I leave town,and everything goes to hell haley gets fired,movie falls apart. Dan's heart. Yeah,my,uh,mom called me and told me there was a problem.What's up? Oh,he didn't tell you? No. Dog ate it. - What? - I'm serious. - A dog ate his heart. - You're kidding me. I'm standing right there,and this -- this stoner guy's dog trips the paramedic and... gobbles up his heart. - You're serious? - I'm not joking. Yeah. So,I guess... this means he's gonna die. I owe you an apology. Sam. You are not unfixable. Okay?Come here. I'm sorry,sweetheart. I'm really sorry. But I found you something to show you how sorry I am. No boys in your bedroom. Well,close the door,you idiot.You live in a barn or something? You're the idiot. How'd it go? How would you like a full-time producer for mia's record? Oh,god.What happened? I told the truth! Well,then,yeah.I mean,we would love a full-time producer. Excellent! So,how does "manhattan" sound on guitar? It's not bad,actually. Good. Now,let's put it back. Mia,when you started out,did you want to make great records or not-bad records? - Great records. - Great,great records. Good!So that's what we'll do. We'll make a great record,and if the label can't hear it,then...they can argue with peyton. Oh,I like this team. I love this team! So,you're good here? I'm good. Okay.Well,I'll...see you in the morning,then. Yeah. I'm glad you're here. Me too. You're my sons. And I failed you. I'm sorry for that and for so many other things. But I'm proud that each of you have become the kind of man that I could never be. You're good men. And yore good brothers. Don't let the world change that. james lucas scott,what are you still doing awake? I'm making tree hill. See?That's quentin. He's still alive here. That's nice. And this is our house. And that's daddy and you and me. And uncle lucas and peyton live next door. Cool. And this is brooke and sam and julian. Is that grandpa dan? Yeah.He has a new heart. Who's that,sweetie? That's uncle keith.He's still alive. He came to make sure grandpa dan was okay,because him and grandpa dan still love each other. Okay,jamie,it's time for bed. Say good night to tree hill. good night to tree hill. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: