And i'm gonna find a way to thank you. I swam into the car, and i got trapped. - I didn't save anybody. - Somebod saved me - Who? - Keith. What'd you say? Keith's dead,peyton. The boys in tree hill are so boring. Isn't there anybody our age you think you could fall for? - Hey,ma,are you pregnant? - Yes,i am. Deb,you need to get back into rehab, Or i will dissolve our partnership. Maybe the ravens could use another shooting guard. I'm putting him on he team. - What made you decide? - You did. I'm not the only one who knows you killed me. Shut up,you little smartass ghost. You're definitely pregnant. I was trying to call you. You mean when you weren't hanging out with peyton? As far as i'm concerned, this friendship is over. I feel like i'm hanging on to the two of us for you. If you've been listening to my podcast, Then you know a lot about me. But did you know i had a brother? Are you peyton? I guess i'm your brother. Lucas: do you ever look at a picture of yourself And see a stranger in the background? Makes you wonder how many strangers have pictures of you. Yeah,it figures the first time a cheerleader talks to me, We're related. I haven't actually talked yet. Well,you just did. So this is a lot better than the other day When you slammed the door in my face. After you hung up on me when i called? Well,you caught me off guard. You think i was expecting you to show up on my front porch? According to your podcast,yes I've known about you for a while now. Didn't know if i wanted to meet you, So when you called, it freaked me out,but... I was curious. Why didn't you just call me back? I was afraid you'd hang up on me. I'm sorry. Oka,look. Let's start over. Hi. I'm derek. I guess i'm your brother. Hi,drek. I'm peyton. So,peyton, who'd you bring? What do you mean? Well,you do||t strike me as a dumb girl, So||ho'd you bring as backup In case i turned out to be a psycho? Derek,Lucas. Lucas,derek. That guy seems really cool. I mean,you throw a skirt on him,and he's you. - We are not that much alike. - Oh,no. He's a photographer. You're an artist. You wouldn't shut up about that damn moze||a album. The same breakfast. I mean, i thought that was cute. We ordered scrambled eggs and toast, Same as you, same as everybody else. Okay,you know what? I quit. You have absolutely nothing in common with your brother. I just don't know what you want to do anymore **so they can leave again. Look,on the contrary to what might be wpitten on your wall, People don't always leave. I mean,last time i checked, i'm still here. So is nathan, haley,Brooke. Okay, maybe not Brooke, but... Yeah,i think she wishes we would leave. Have you heard from her? Not since she broke up with me. Well,get your game face on and ta|| to her. It's playoff time. Everybody should be in a good mood. I need to be tutored. **** Did you try sleeping with the teacher? So... What's gotten into you? I'm just tired of thinking about the accident. I need to get focused again and start thinking about basketball. All right. And you. You really are failing marriage,aren't you? Yoe know i'm always p@inking about you,hales. Thank you for being so patient with me. I just needed some time. But after tonight, everything's gonna be better. I promise. I'm really glad to see you so happy, But i just don't know If everything that happened to you on the bridge is gonna go away so quickly. You know,no matter what goes wrong in my life, Every time i set foot on that basketball court, It all goes away. You'll see. You nervous? Skills: nah. You lying? Yeah. Remember my first game as a raven? Yeah. You played like crap. I remember walking around for a whole week Talking about,"man, i got to take me a Lucas." Look,the point is,|| I let too much get to my head, you know? I mean,basketball's basketball, Whether it's on the river court or in here. You remember that, and you'll be all right. Yeah,i'd be a better if you w out there with me,though. Well,i will be... Sort of. Wait. This is your jersey. Not anymore. Thanks,man. Did you wash it? Oh,man. Man,i'm gonna make this place look good. This||ersey,too. ***it ain't used to looking bad. All right,keith. Enough already. Do you mind? I'm paying my respects. I know|| made a mistake, But i can't take it back. And since neither of us is resting in peace, I have a deal for you. You stop haunting me, And i'll make things right with karen||Lucas,and your baby. But if you don't leave me alon... I think you know what i'm capable of. Brooke: i swear to god, if we lose ton||ht, I am||oing to kill peyton. We will win. Nathan's got that look in his eye. Even if we did lose, it wouldn't be peyton's fault. Yes,it would. Everything is peyton's fault. She's like a cursed rabbit's foot. She's bad luck. I am serious, traitor girl. Do not take her side, not against me. Do not call me traitor girl,okay? I'm not taking sides. I didn't know there were sides. You're either on team Brooke or team peyton, And nobody wants to be on team peyton Because their captain is a big whore. Okay,do you think that's a little harsh? You mean "harsh" like when they sho|| their tongues down each other's throats? That kiss was so long ago. Again,haley. They kissed again. What? They're ||eaking around again,too. You should really check out peyton's webcam sometime. Welcome to team Brooke. -=Www.Ydy.Com/bbs=- Proudly presents sync: ytet...=Www.Ydy.Com/bbs=- one tree hill season 4 episode 03 Trade you my juice box for your bag of chips. And i'll tow in a cookie. Peyton must really need chips. Okay,how can i make this any clearer? There's nothing going on between me and peyton. And there's nothing going on between us,either, So why are you still here? Do i need to make that clearer? You know what,Brooke? You broke up with me. Then you never even gave me a real reason why. You just walked away. ||T i thought we could at least still be friends. Thanks. Anything i can do to help? Yeah ... Leave deb alone. Is she here? No,she quit. And i'm swamped. ** Deb is back on drugs, and she's carrying a gun. She didn't have any matches, did she? Look,she needs help, So stop whatever it is you're doing to her. I'm not doing anything. You're always doing something, and it's never good. Look,you said phat you wanted to be a better person. Here's your chance. Take it. Okay,karen. ** Do it for you. And for the womn you once claimed to love. That was the most morbid tour i have ever been on. Not everybody gets to go on the tree hill death walk, So you should probably feel pretty honored. Oh,i do. My favorite part was the bridge where your friends crashed. You know,it's just too bad i ran out of time, 'Cause i really wanted to show you the place Where i buri|| my prom date. - Kidding. - Thank god, Be really weipd if we had another thing in common. So,i want to ask you something. Are you okay with me being here? You've kind of had your guard up all day. I'm sorry. That's just me. I don't let people in, really. It's okay. I mean,i get it. I'm the same way. Look,peyton,i'd like to hang around a little bit And get to know you, But if you're ont comfortable with it,i understand. I will check out of my hotel and head home. At the very least,we had one great day together. So you just let me know,okay? I'll see you. There's a game tonight an **if you want to go. Yeah. Yeah,i'd ... I'd like that. Crap. That pretty much sums up this seaso You started out this year with a crappy attitude. You played like crap. You took my crap. You cleaned up rat crap from a crappy gym. We||,all that crap's over now. At least you made it to the finals. Some of you are seniors. This is your last chance for a state title. It's my last chance. So get out there and play like the champions i know you can be. Ladies and gentlemen, let's make some noise for your tree hill ravens. Okay,fans, you are in for a treat. Tonight,we are lucky to be joined by Lucas scott, Former ravens shooting guard. Very lucky... And aroused. Yes,very lucky. Before tonight's game, Mayor dan scott is here To present an award to one of our very own ravens. A week ago,my son,||nathan sco Risked his life to save two people. This act of bravery and selflessness In the face of grave danger Is a quality i most hoped to inspire in him. And i'm happy to say that i succeeded. On behalf of tree hill, I'd like to present this award of valor To my son,nathan scott. Thank you,hero. I'm proud of you,son. Let's play ball. Stay the hell away from my husband. I was just giving him a proper "thank you." Your thank-Yous send people to the free clinic. What are you laughing about? Your "i love yous" send people to their grave. Well,if that's the case, then i love you,Brooke. Whore. Okay,here we go. It's tree hill versus masonboro. The winner advances in the postseason,and the ravens win the tip. Nathan scott has it out on the wing. Nathan drive||past his defender,and he scores. Than has it out on the wing again. He puts up a shot, and he scores. As some fans know, Nathan injured his knee in that heroic rescue, But he's showing no ill effects tonight. He's playing4 like a man possessed,and he drives again. Masonboro with it now on the offensive end. They drive to the basket, and they score. ||Masonboro is keeping it close. I can't believe whitey ain't put me in the game,man. Yeah,whatever. I've been on this team for two years, And i haven't played one game yet. Yeah,but i'm good. Scott drives to the hoop, d he's fouled. He'll step to the line for a couple of free throws. Nathan scott steps to the free-Throw line. He's a perfect 6 for 6 tonight. He's got 12 points. And now 13. Nathan has a second free throw coming. Second free throw is up. Oh,and he misses. That's his first miss. Are you guys tired? I know i am. But,then again,i'm old. And you guys are young, And you've been sleeping the entire first half. Wake up! We should be blowing these guys out,not down by 5. Scott,you haven't hit a shot Since you stepped up to the free-Throw line In the first quarter. Is there something i should know? I'll be okay,coach. - Hey - Hey,big mouth. Other than you saying it, There is nothing tt i like about that nickname. It's good to have you back. Yeah. I am much happier in my cheer uniform Than i was in that hospital gown. Then again,the gown was drafty in different places. I'll bet. Um,so listen, cooper's gone and,um... Well,you know how i feel about you. I know. I'm really lucky to have you,mouth. You're a good friend. A good friend. Great friend? You don't want m|| mouth. I'm a mess. I got to get back to my broadcast. You know y'all are missing something out there,right? Want to know what it is? Let me guess ... You. Same old story,dog. Whitey trying to keep a brother down. Look,somebody got to tell the old man They don't call me skill|| 'Cause i'm really good at picking splinters out my ass. They don't call him skills 'Cause he's really good at||picking s@li All right,skills. Let's see what you've got. God forbid whitey should k||p you down. You're welcome. So skills taylor has checked in the game For his first time as a raven, and he's wasting no time As he drives to the basket and scores! Yo,man,you're as easy to score on as your mom. Oh,my fault. Ain't nobody that easy. Give me the ball. Got to have "d," boy. Better protect the ball. Skills with the steal. He knocks the ball away, picks it up. He throws it ahead to nathan scott. Nathan racing up court, And nathan's gonna lay it in for 2. Skills,go! As most of you know, Lucas scott was co-Captain Until he was sidelined for health reasons. It must be tough to go from playing the game to watching it. Well,i'd be lying if i said i didn't miss it, But i'm really happy for my friend,skill||taylor. First night when you step out onto the floor. That's the one thing, you know? You never want to give it back. We in my bedroom? 'Cause i can go all damn night. Like i said ... All damn night,baby. Now drink up. Let's go! It's like rachel wants people to hate her. I mean,first of all, she goes after Lucas just to upset Brooke, And then she gets drunk and nearly kills cooper. Now she's throwing herself at you. Yeah,that sucks. That sucks? What's wrong? The ravens won. Aren't you happy? Yeah. I just think maybe you should go easy on her. **** She caused the accident. Yeah,you're right. Let's just go inside. A peace offering? We're not at war. Could have fooled me. I'm on dw-Not-I duty tonight. Want some company? Uh-Oh ... Here comes the brookie monster. Welcome to my house. Did you come to steal it? Um,it's rachel's house, And i'm pretty sure you stole it from her. Don't worry. It'll just make her like you more. What the hell are you doing? What? Kissing Derek. Oh, i'm sorry, Peyton. I can't help who i like. New boyfriend? He's my brother. You have a brother? Yeah. Well. Then i guess your mom slept around even more than you do. Hey, yo! Look, i just got to thank the brother Who helped a brother get on the team. And the brother who helped a brother score once he got there. I lost track. Which one am i again? So what's up, man? How about some shots? You blew up out there But it's only gonna get tougher, So you got to keep bringing it, all right? Look, man, i'm gonna be so tight out there, dog, They about to be calling me ziploc. Just say you're gonna bring it, skills. And you... Missed you out there tonight. Hey, you guys playad great. Still missed you. Look, i just got to thank you For going to the white man for me, dog. So, look, just to show my appreciation, I sent Bevin on a little spy mission for you. Okay, big news, but keep it on the blt. Brooke broke up with Lucas. Thanks, Bevin. Yeah. Mouth, hey, how you doing? i want to introduce you to Derek. Derek, this is my great friend Mouth. I'm everybody's great friend. Right, um, look. The line to the bathroom's longer than the line to the keg, So would you mind hanging out with Derek for a couple minutes? Sure. That's what friends are for, right? Thank you. It's good to meet you, man. What'd you say your name was... Cooper? It's Derek. Whatever, fe||x. You ever been a girl's friend? It sucks. you know what eles sucks? Yo new guys. My name's Derek. Right. Look, if you want to get on my good side... And you do... Stop kissing Brooke, don't even look at Rachel, And don't move here, 'Cause nobody likes new guys, new guy. What was i talking about? You don't like new guys. Oh, yeah. Damn new guys. I was told to stay away from you. Since when do you do what you're been told? Since never. Let me guess. You liked my last kiss so much, you want another? Guess again. So what, then? When we were underwater, Did you see anything? The last thing i remember is the limo going off the bridge, Then waking up in the hospital. Nothing else? Just you saving my life. Why? Forget it. Nathan, wait. I... My memory's still a little hazy. Bud if i do remember something You'll be the first to know. Thank you. What, are you gonna kiss her now, too? Excuse me for a second. What?! Brooke told me that you kissed Peyton again. ||Ke, that's the dumbest thing you've done Since the first time you kissed her. What the hell were you thinking? at she was dying. was thinking She's lying on my arm, blood is pouring out of her leg, And she kissed me. Well, anyway, you know, do you really want to go there? What does that mean? What leg were you shot in when you kissed chris keller? Brooke, got a second? - This kind of feels like dxxxxxx - Not really. You told me to fight for you, and i did. But you never fought for me. And i'm not going to. Okay. Then i guess i was wrong. I'm not the guy for you, Brooke davis. She's all yours. What's up, Mouth? *****That's all you ever say. You been drinking? The party sucks. Yeah. I know what you mean. Yeah, i'm sure you do. 'Cause every time you tell a girl you like her, She says what a great friend you are, right? Oh, wait. That's me. You're the guy they all throw themselves at... Brooke, Rachel, Peyton, Probably evel new guy. How many of those have you had? Counting this one? One. I'm sorry. I'm an idiot. I shouldn't have come at you like that. I'm sorry, too. I hate Rachel. You know, she probably just... Oh, i hate her, too. I'm really sorry about you and Brooke. Me too. She's probably going through a lot right now. Yeah, well, she's just gonna have to go through it alone. Hey, look, will you promise me something? Mm-Hmm. No matter what happens, You and i will always be friends. Always. and forever. I saw you co over here all by yourself. That used to be our signal. You okay? Yeah. I'm just thinking. About Keith? What about him? Lucas told me you saw him the day of the accident. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. No, i'm not embarrassed. I just don't know if i should believe it. What don't you believe... That it could happen, Or that it could happen to you? Either. Both. I used to feel that way when my mom died. You know, i go and i visit her grave all the time, I really think there isn't much talk to the rock It's not crazy to think That someone you cared about and lost Might still be watching you. What if he did more than just watch? What if he actually saved me? Well, so what if he did? Do you think he saved you so you could just sit here All by yourself and pout? If you ever want to come with me to the cemetery sometime, Maybe the four of us can have a picnic. Come on. Yo, nate, don't forget your award. It's not mine. If you're looking for Nathan, He's in my bedroom. If you're looking for a black eye, it's in my fist. Why do you always go after guys that you can't have? Let me know if you see any. I would, except i heard he left town. I understand why you're so angry, hey. I used to be a fat chick with a litple head, too. Hey, what's up, Mouth? Hey, Mouth. You all right? I wish none of us ever left the river court. We were all happy back the Well, look, i'm gonna take off. You need a lift? Nah, i think i'm gonna stay for a while. Okay. Just call me if you need a ride. Hey, you too. Can i talk to you? Not if you're gonna yell at me. I wanted to ask you about basketball. Wow, if you had a cigar and scotch in your hand, I'd think i was deaming. - I knew this was a mistake. - Karen, i'm sorry. What did you gant to know? Why was having basketball in your life so important? It's the only thing i ever knew i was good at. People counted on me, and i never let them down. It's the best feeling in the world. And when that went away, I didn't know who i was anymore. It's scary when you lose your way. I don't know if you ever find it again. But what brings you out here in the middle of the night To ask about a game? Lucas is missing it. And, uh, i just wanted to be sure He was gonna be okay without it. I'm not the right guy to answer that. Thank you. And thank you for the crib. Okay, i know that you were drunk at t|| wedding And in a coma fnr the honeymoon, But just to keep you || to speed, Nathan and haley are still married. Thanks for that update. I hate those cute couply newsletters. Rachel, trying to steal a girl's boyfriend is bad enough. Trying to steal a girl's husband is unacceptable, Especially when the couple is Nathan ||d haley. They've been through enough. I'll make a note of that In my "mind your own business" stationery. No, because as one of haley's bridesmaids, Making sure they stay together is my business, so back off.</i> She might be too classy to fight you, But i will kick your little ass. Oh, i think you're gonna stay out of it. really? Why is that? Because you're pregnant. So, who is the father? Lucas? You don't know jack unless he was one of those guys Whose beanstalk you climbed the other night. You gonna kiss your unborn baby with that Mouth? You have been begging me to find out. You haven't been drinking. You're making maternity clothes. And, uh, i found the pamphlets from planned parenthood In you||nightstand. What is that, bedtime reading... "The story of the knocked-Up cheerleader"? You were looking through my drawers? my house my drawers I was looking for condoms, Something you probably should have been doing. I am not having this conversation with ||u.</i> I was talking to your baby. Being an artist must be reall easy. Excuse me? You can draw anything. If i wanted to take a picture of a unicorn, I'd have to find one. Oh, right, and then you'd have that ever-So-Difficult task Of pushing a button. Where are you seeing ||unicorn, anyway? Oh, this one's amazing. It's so beautiful and tragic. Great. Well, you picked the one i didn't do. Ellie drew that for me. Oh, no, no, no, no. I can't. Ellie brought us together. I want you to have it. I've seen enough of the angel of death, anyway. Thank you, Peyton. I'm gonna find a really special place for this. Well, i should go. Hey, listen. I know you haven't asked about our father, And i haven't volunteered much because the truth is, I don't know anything, really. I mean, other than he skipped out on me At a pretty early age. I'm sorry. But i can tell you what i do remember if you want. Maybe tomorrow? Sure. All right. Thank you. You played a hell of a game. Yeah, but it wasn't no Lucas Scott game, though. No, it was a skills taylor game, And that's exactly what the team needed. Look, man, i'm sorry about the way Everything went down with Brooke. You know what Mouth said? He said that he wished we never left the river court. you think he is right? I think things would be a lot easier. Now i know, if we never left, I wouldn't have lost Brooke twice. And Keith and jimmy would still be alive. Well, that's a real stupid way to think, though, dog. I mean, considering, If you would have never left the river court, You would have never got with Brooke twice. Your brother would still be a stanger, And rock star haley Scott... She'd probably be still good old bookworm haley james. You can't hide from life, dog. Eventually, you got to live it. Like you did tonight. Don't sweat it, man. Look, i got a feeling There's something about to happen to you, real big, Right around the corner. Check. Thought i was rid of you. Guess you' not accepting my offer. Th||e's only one way to get rid of me, danny. I think you know what it is. You keep going to that bridge. I never thought i'd be jealous of a river. You know how much i like the water. I'm really trying not to be jealous, And i want to be understanding, But, uh, it's really hard with you sneaking around. I'm sorry. I don't want you to be sorry. I want you to let me in. Whatever it is, you know? Even if it has something to do with Rachel. Even if you like her, i just want you to tell me. You think i like Rachel? Haley, i was just... I was just talking to her about the accident. I just wanted to know if she saw him, too. Saw who? Keith. I think he's the one that pulled me out of that car. I'm nobody's hero. Why didn't you tell me? Because i thought it would go away. I thought basketball would fix it, but it didn't. Your problems are my problems. I want us to figure this out together. And you're wrong. You're my hero. So you don't think i'm crazy? No, i do not think you're crazy. ||You think i'm fat? Wh||? Of course not. - Do i have a little head? - No. I love your head. Come here. So that's why you keep going down to that bridge? For that. And... ...for this. I love you, haley. I love you, too, Nathan Scott. Had a great time 2nite. Thought yyou might like this pic. You ever look at a picture of yourself</i> And see a stranger in the background?</i> You know, it makes you wonder how many strangers have pictures of you.</i> How many moments of other people's lives Have we been in?</i> Were we a part of someone's life When their dream came true?</i> Or were we there when their dreams died?</i> Did we keep trying to get in As i||we were somehow destined||o be there?</i> Or did the shot take us by surprise? Just think.