They're from my uncle skills. He thinks you're cute. Antwon "skills" taylor crashing a 5-year-olds' dance? Skills: I was hoping to see you. I'm moving nino to shooting guard,and I'm keeping you at the point. With me at the point,you're gonna get more chances to score. All right?I'll get you the ball. 'Cause if you can do that,the scouts will come. I have a letter for you from your birth mother. You've been going to that coffee shop for months. You must want something from her,even if it's just closure. Peyton has aondition called placenta previa. Lucas,come on,what if everything doesn't go perfectly? She could die,and... and the baby,too. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync: °îµÂÖí -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> one tree hillSeason6 Episode22</font> The honorary title,matthew ryan,the cure,audioslave, haley james scott -- they're all in here. It's music to set your life to. AnD...music always helps,no matter what you're going through. So,if you flunk a big test or you have a really bad break-up... ...or you just miss someone so bad,it hurts... ...Then listen to my playlist - "100 songs to save your life" -- and it should help. Oh,and there is this new artist that is really special,and her second album is just about to comouT. So you should check her out. Her name's mia catalano. This road   is anything but simple twisted like a riddle I've seen high,and I've seen low so loud   the voices over my doubts are telling me to give up to pack up and leave town but even so,I had to believe oh,impossible means nothing to me so,can you lift me up? A best friend -- okay,this one is so important. Choose wisely,okay? I got really lucky with mine. My best friend is funny... intelligent... creative... beautiful... and successful... and very kind. And she's also... ...Impulsive,frustrating, um...complicated,childish. But I would not have her any other way. And the best part about brooke davis is that she always puts friends first. So...if you are ever in any kind of trouble,now you know who to call. I can't think of anyone I would rather have watching over you. it's been a month,brooke. You've got to stop spying on them like this. Thank you,concernicus. How would you know what I've been up to? 'Cause I've been watching the both of you. Iced coffee with skim milk -- it'll change your life. She's eating pecan pie. She doesn't even like  pecan pie. Being a kid without a mom really sucks. And I know this because I've been there... twice. And if you're watching this,then it means that you're  in that place,too. And I'm so sorry for that. But if you ever need a mom-and-dad fix,you have nathan and haley for that. Gotcha!I gotcha now! No! No! Okay,easy. If he pees his pants,you're on laundry duty. You look pretty,mama. Oh,thanks,buddy. I got to go.I'm late. I got to pick up mia from the studio and go over to peyton's for her baby shower. Do you think you can drop him off on your way out of town? Lucas is gonna watch him. Sure,no problem. Thank you. I'm gonna miss you so much. Call me after the game,okay? - Yeah. - Okay ByE. I'll see you later.Peyton's waiting. - Bye. - Bye! Bye. - Love you.- I love you,too.- - Again? - Again?! 'Cause I have overcome more than words will ever say and I've been given hope that there's a light on up the hall and that a day will come when the fight is won and I think that day has just begun oh,oh,just begun   lift me up ooh,yeah,yeah,yeah   yeah,yeah,oh oh,oh,lift me up lift me up,lift me up I really hope that we get to share all these things together. But just in case,it's all right he. Now,there is just one thing... that I need from you. Please... take very special care of your father... because if I'm not around... he's gonna need you to take care of him,just like my dad needed me. So,love him... ...And take care of him... ...And be kind to him. Just please... ...Do that for me. Peyton,what is this? I just thought I should. No. No,you... You said everything was gonna be okay. You said that. Okay,but,luke,if it isn't,I want our child to be able to remember me. It's just in case. Our child's not gonna have to remember yoU. Our child's gonna know you. We're not doing this,peyton. Lucas. A death video? A sad box of stuff? I'm not having any of this,peyton. I mean,what's next? I want to get married... noW. Absolutely not. You're supposed to be taking it easy. Okay,look,after you have this baby and you're all better, then -- then we'll get married. I want to get married. Why? Why is it so important to dit now? - Because -- we're not doing anything just in case,okay? I'll be in the garage. You should be in bed. Thank you! I love you,too,by the way. Remind me again what we're doing here? Know thy enemy,brooke. Suit yourself,but this is our competitio and they're cutting into our market share with these hideous things. Yeah,the appropriate word being "hideous. " Don't be so dismissive. Maybe you should pay a visit to the manufacturer,get some inspiration. I have sam,and sam has school,so I'm not going anywhere. Besides,I need to be here while she's meeting with... you know who. You mean the biological mother with the pathetically low credit score? What are you talking about? So,I had business affairs run her credit report. Don't hate me because I'm resourceful. You did what? Brooke,we have to be able to make a case against the woman. We are not building a case against anyone. Do you think that I can't see what you're doing? There is no running from this. Sam has every right to know her...real mom. Suit yourself. Red is really your color. What do you think? Do you think we're shopping right now? Absolutely not. This is strictly r&d for our new line. You are so trying to shop with me! Uncle lucas,can I help you fix aunt peyton's car? Hey,sure,buddy. Careful. sure this is no problem,him hanging out with you? Yeah,I could use the company anyway. Everything okay? It's peyton. I-I-I found her putting together a time capsule,or a -- a "just in case" capsule. - That's what i thought. - I know,yeah. It's just,you know,weird that I'm approaching what's supposed to be the most exciting moment of my entire life with nothing but... complete and utter fear. You want to hear a secret? Day jamie was born,I was...petrified. No,you know,it's different,though,you know? I mean,what if something happens to peyton? I don't know how we got this far. Well,you got this far 'cause it's what she wanted. You know?It's like when karen let you play basketball with your hcm. She knew how bad you wanted it,so she just held her breath and let you play. We all did,you know? Maybe -- maybe this is the time you have to hold your breath for peyton. She wants to get married. So do you. You proposed,remember? She wants to geted arriright away. It all just worries me. Well,as worried as you are,think about how scared she is. Look,if you had one more day to spend with peyton,would you rather spend it arguing or just being married? You ready? For what? Peyton's baby shower.You didn't forget,did you? Sure she wants me there? Of course I'm sure. The invitation was addressed to both of us,you knucklehead. Yeah. Are you okay,sam? ye,I'm good. Okay. So,everything's going okay with,you know... my mom? - Yeah. - Yeah. what do you got there? it's her house. you know,she gave me up when she was my age. How weird is that? Yeah. she said she didn't want to,but her parents made her do it. well,I can relate to having crummy parents who make bad decisions. Yeah. You know,it's funny.I've always... wanted to live in a house with a white picket fence. Well,we can have a picket fence if you want. You can have  any kind of fence you want. I'll just wait for you to get dressed. You know,if it's okay,can I just meet you there? Yeah. I'll see you at peyton'S. Mouth: So,the stage is set for the charleston chiefs, who can move into sole possession of first place with a win tonight. And with the season coming to a close and possible nba call-ups hanging in the balance, coach bobby irons will be looking for explosive performances from his two leading scorers, nino jones and point guard nathan scott. I can't believe anybody out there would want your autograph. A t re than would want it from you. Look,just 'cause you're the starting point guard don't mean you can show up late. I had you going for a second. And don't worry.I covered for you,man. Well,well,you guys go on an eight-game winning streak,and suddenly it's a love fest in here. I wouldn't go that far. I'll tell you what,scott -- I'll waive your fine for being late if you and your new best friend here can do two things. And what's that? Win the game tonight... and impress the nba scout who's here to watch you guys play. Scout? Word is the clippers are looking for some backcourt help. All right,then. Yeah. - Good luck,guys. - Thanks. Hey,uh,scott,I think you might want to sit this one out. I'm so not wearing this. Sam,it's a baby shower. You can't show up like you just walked out of a brazilian favela. Okay,well,this makes me look like kermit the frog. Okay. So,how goes it with... the waitress? Her name is rebecca,thank you. And for your information,things are kind of going okay. Yes,well... I'm sure your conversations are just riveting. I mean,you have so much to talk about,what with 16 years of pure neglect to hash over. Don't be mean. Sorry. It's just that she left you. So,you know... it's not like that. I mean... I thought that way at first. I thought she'd be this evil person,you know,this bad person that gave me up,but she's not. You know,she's got her problems,but she's okay. I mean,in a way,she's -- she's kind of like... like what? Like me. Did she say she wanted you back? Doesn't matter.I'm happy here. And that's what we want for you,samantha -- to be happy here. Yeah,I know.It's just,I don't want to hurt brooke's feelings, but part of me wants to know her,u know? My real mom? Do you want to live with her? No. of course you don'T. That's my girl. Now let's see if we can't find a beautiful dress for you,worthy of the davis name. Oh,man.Hey,man,don't you guys got somewhere else to be? Dude,I am killing this game right now. Yeah,well,I got a date with lauren. So y'all gonna have to be getting y'all asses up out of here. Hey,isn't this like the third date? You know what that means. Yeah.That's jamie's teacher you're talking about. This from the guy who dropped down granny deb. Look,it's a date,man -- nice,classy,refined. But just in case,you two be gone by the time I get home,a'ight? Okay,it's official. I look like a lemon-meringue pie. Shut up.You have that whole glow thing going. If by "glowing" you mean "growing," then maybe. I really to lovehe dress,brooke. It was a great gift. Thanks. Although i am just stuck in the house. Well,then you'll be stuck in the house for a month looking fabulous. It was sam's idea. Oh,clearly she's learning from the best. Where is she,anyway?I thought she was coming. She'll be here. You're doing an amazing job with her,brooke davis. Hey,she loves you. Well,let's hope so... 'cause I'm thinking of making it official. I'm thinking of adopting her. - No. - Yeah. I just got all the papers in the mail. Oh,my god,that is such good news. Come here. Sit down. Tell me everything. All right,um -- well,I mean,how's it going with her birth mother? It seems like it's going okay. I'm just trying to be supportive. What if sam likes her better than me? Okay,take it from someone who was adopted. I happen to know that sam just became the luckiest girl in the whole world. Thank you,P.Sawyer. You always me everything better for me. Don'T. Don'T. We are not gonna ruin today crying. You're gonna get out of that dress and clean yourself up because we have a party to go to out there. Come on. there's an ipod in here. awesome! This is the night you and daddy won the state championship. Do youernow whe you were that night? In mom's tummy. That's right. So,mom and dad didn't even know me then. Well,none of us did,but we were all really excited to meet you. Hey,look! ******** Now,that was a really important night. Because you won the state championship? Yeah,but,um... it was also the night I realized I wanted to marry peyton. This is cool. What else is in here? Yeah,what is in there? Hey,nathan,I got a question for you. Yes,we're gonna win tonight. Okay,but,uh... how are you dealing with this long-distance thing? - It's killing me. - Yeah.Me,too. And if you figure that one out,let me know. Hey,you see that guy overhere talking to bobby? He's an nba scout. Good luck tonight,nate. Luck has nothing to do with it. Peyton: Look at all of these presents! All right,I'm gonna open the first one. It's from mia.What did you get me? You got me... ...pictures of you. Okay,yeah,but the gift  is that you get to pick the one that goes on the cover of our new record. Good save. All right,what do we got?What do we got? I want to see.I want to see. Um,sexy.Pretty! Ooh,pretty and sexy. Mm,girls,I think we found a winner. Yay! Wow,I -- I guess this means the record's nearly finished,huh? Speaking of "wow"...  ! Antwon.. You ready? Uh,we have a slight problem. Hey,coach skills! - What the -- chuck? His mom had an emergency,and she couldn't pick him up from school.*** So,I promised I'd watch him for a little while. I'm so sorry. I guess we should probably cancel? NaH. I mean,I...guess he could come. You wouldn't mind? Yeah. Why not? Great. I'll get my coat. Sweet!Where we going? Yeah,so,peewee basketball is just how I give back to the kids. But you would be surprised at how profitable the baby-proofing industry is. Yo,chuck! Sorry! Yeah,he's doing well. He don't look too bad. You know,you don't know how few guys would be up for a night like this. I'm so glad we didn't cancel,antwon. Really? How glad? Come on! Whose freaking kid is this?Damn it! Uh,mine!Sorry! I'll be back. That's the end of the first half,chiefs leading by 10, Hey,it's mama as a cheerleader. Yeah,and there's,uh,aunt brooke and aunt peyton. They've been friends for a long time. Oh,yeah,a long time. Who's in that one? Let's see. That's uncle keith,aunt karen,and who's that? That's me. You were a funny-looking baby,uncle lucas. Just kidding. You're kind of my uncle keith,aren't you? Well,I'd like to think that's exactly who I am. Aunt peyton's a cool angel. is aunt peyton gonna be okay? I don't know,bud. I think everything's gonna be okay. oh,wow,what is it? It's a baby memory book,and you put photos and journal entries and all that stuff in it. When you look at it five years from now,you'll never believe they were that small. you know,victoria almost got one of those for me. peyton. yeah. You okay? I love it.Thank you. AnD... I just want you guys to know... I love you so much. I love you,too. Okay,hold oN. I'm taking a picture -- no crying for the picture. Yeah? Okay. Okay? Get in here. Ready? One,two,three. All right,let's bring it in. It's "chiefs" on three.One,two,three.Chiefs! Let's go.Let's go,dawg. Bring it home. Nate. So far,you've done a terrific job making nino look good. Just make sure you make yourself  look good,too,okay? If you get an open shot,take it. The scouts are here to watch everyone. And th includes you,coach. We're gonna win this game. I'm not angry. But I would appreciate you talking to me first before you start lavishing sam with fancy clothes. I thought she looked nice. Not the point. What are you doing here? I wanted to talk to you about sam. What about sam? I know you care for her deeply,as do I. But I think that you should consider letting her spend time with her birth mother on a more permanent basis. And what makes you think that? Honey,I've been talking to her. Don't "honey" me. You talked to her about this? This is not your business!You had no right! I should have known that nothing good was gonna come of the two of you spending time together. What can I say?We get along. Unlike some people that shall remain nameless. You can't do this. Do what? Try to be the mother to her that you never were to me. - Last time I checked,i was still your -- don't say it. Anyone who ever wanted to be in my life -- peyton,boys, anyone -- you tried to push them all away. You tried to push  everyone away,and nowyou want sam to leave? I don't want sam to leave. Yes,you do!It's why you're lying to my face right now! You're jealous because she wants to be with me. Well,she's not going anywhere.. ...not if I hainnythg to say about it. What's that? Adoption papers. Brooke...be careful. I don't want you to get hurt. All my life,you have avoided being a mother to me. Do not think for one moment that you get to start now. What's going on? I don't know. Maybe you should ask your mother. What was that about? Sam,I want to talk to you about something -- something...important. You're happy here,right? Yeah.What's going on? I want to adopt you -- for real. I want to make it official and forever. I've given this a lot of thought. I want us to be a family. I know that it's your dream to have that,and I want to give that to you now. So,what do you say? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What? I can still see my real mom,right? dude,save some for the second half. So,you know,you never really talk about your past relationship. Was it a bad break-up? Yeah,kind of. I mean,in the end,it was mostly a lifestyle thing. We just didn't see eye to eye on some stuff. She was a grandma. Let's just say she was mature. Hey,look,that's cool. It's just,um -- so we're clear,I prefer younger guys -- younger,bald,athletic guys who like kids. Yeah,well,you know,that's funny,because my last relationship didn't work because I was too young,bald,athletic. But i do like kids. Mom says I shouldn't eat dairy. Some kids. I do like some kids. Oh,no. All right,jim-jam,come on,buddy.We got to go. Do i have to? YeS.Chop-chop. If we hurry,we can call your dad before your bedtime. This isu hat yoguys have been working on? Don't tell. It's a surprise for aunt peyton. Sorry. So,uh,how was the shower?Is she okay? Yeah.Yeah,I think she really enjoyed herself. How are you doing?You holding up okay? Better now. Good.Glad to hear it. All right,buddylet's go call your dad. Thanks,uncle lucas.That was fun. Yeah,it was. Your whole life's in that box. I wish i had one. - See ya. - ByE. He's cute. And you are sweet. Look,I know it wasn't the night you planned,but you were really great with chuck. Yeah. Well,maybe next time it could just be the two of us. I'd like that. - Yeah? - YeS. Naughty,naughty. I'll take his silly butt home. - Oh,good night,guys. - Good night. She's cool.You should ask her out sometime,coach. Oh,god. Can I talk to you? Listen,I didn't mean to ambush you...before. That wasn't right. It's okay. I don't think it is. Sam,I've actually been thinking about this,and I think you should go spend some time with your real mom. You want to,don't you? Please don't hate me. Samantha,I could never hate you. I love you very much. But you stayed fore. You... You let go of julian for me. Honey,I was doing what was best for you. And that was true then,and... I think it's true now. you should go. You know you can always come back here. How come you're so good to me? Because I love you,no matter what. can I keep the dress? Of course. It's just,uh... victoria says I look like a davis in that dress. Honey,you'll always be a davis to me. You'll always be my first mom. Okay. How about that nathan scott? Played a pretty great game tonight. Honestly,I've never really seen him as a point guard. But I got to say,I was impressed. Kid's got a bright future. With the clippers? Hey,what happened? - I thought you were -- don't say it. You know that annoying kid from my peewee team? Yeah,the hoser kid? Yeah. Let's just say I got chucked. Damn. Hey,I just,uh,realized you forgot something. This. I'm gonna miss you. I'll miss you,too. You know,you always have a home here,no matter what. I love you,sam. I love you,too. Samantha. - Bye. - ByE. Okay.Bye. Are you crying? No.It's this horrible mascara. It's just -- remind me to sue the manufacturer. It's our mascara,victoria. What do we do now? We have our work to focus on. of course. hey,coach. Have you heard anything from thecout? Uh,no.No,not yet. But listen,you guys did all you could out there. And now we just wait for the phone to ring. 'cause all you talk about is to see yourself break out I've seen you this way before life's strange but true what are we waiting for? It's been long time,nothing new something survived here you've been working overtime how's it feel to lie? It's going to be okay,honey. I'm fine. We have our work to focus on now. Life's strange but true What are we waiting for? It's been a long time,nothing new for a while   we were living it's the pace   That'll kill you kill you there's still one thing missing. What's that? Our wedding photo. Really? - We can get married right away? - Sure. Only if the doctor says it's okay. But it's not because of the baby or our situation or... well,any damn thing. I want you to be my wife... 'cause I love you. I love you with all my heart. I love you,too. I'm here -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync: