Principal Turner is just really pissed, and he's on a major witch-hunt. You're, like, the prime suspect. Why would you do that? You're my friend, Brooke. You know I love him, but I never meant for my love for him to hurt you. Thank you, Peyton. I could kiss you forever. I'm a Clean Teen. I'm the Clean Teen. This was goodbye. Chase is into smart, born-again virgin Brooke, Not stupid slutty, "I cheated on the calculus test" Brooke. I could easily have sex with him if I wanted to. Party! That is for getting me fired. And that... is for trying to sleep with my husband. Come on, I can't believe I'm doing this. I would die if anybody saw this. Don't worry. Nobody will ever know. I think the lime went down my shirt. I'll get it later. Thanks, buddy. Hey, you're next. Get up there. Hey. Baby, come here. I need a chaser. Why don't you spit in my mouth next time?! It would be sexier! Hey. What is your problem? You mean why won't I let you mount me in front of the entire basketball team after you've already made out with half the cheerleading squad? Yeah, pretty much. I am so sick of this. All you care about is getting drunk and having sex! Hey! Hey, you left out basketball. No, no, I left out that you're an inconsiderate bastard, and we are through. For 10 minutes this time, or until tomorrow? I need to know how to plan my night. How does forever work? Now you can go screw whatever skank you want. I'm drunk. Peyton dumped me. So, you guys really broke up? Yeah. Do you need another drink? No. Whoa. Never mind. You're good. What are you doing? Oh, just having a little fun. Don't worry. Just promise you'll erase it. Done. Hold on. I can't believe I'm doing this. I would die if anybody saw this, Nathan. Don't worry. Nobody will ever know. Peyton, I don't know what to -- Transcript : Raceman Subtitles : Willow's Team Well, it could have been worse. You could have gotten your ass kicked by a pregnant girl half your size. The day is still young. All right, so I have to ask -- who's really the big brother? Rachel. I can't believe I have a black eye the day of prom. If it wasn't for you, everybody would be calling me "queen slut" right now. After I talk to principal Turner, you might just have the title. I have to get my punishment for stealing the test. Maybe he'll spank me. I  wish you'd let me go with you. I'm the one who was failing. That's not a good idea. This problem calls for little clothes and lots of flirting, and no one wants to flirt with a one-eyed girl. No offense. Didn't you see enough of Brooke last night? Or are you here for the deleted scenes? How are you holding up? I never meant for it to happen, Luke. I was just really drunk, and Peyton broke up with Nathan and... Did I mention I was, like, really, really drunk? How mad is she? She was still pretty upset when I left her last night. You think? Well, it could be worse. You could be Nathan right now. Haley, please come out. Hey. Why didn't you tell me about Brooke, ever? Really, did you just want to not ruin the surprise of me seeing it on tape in front of our entire class? No, I didn't tell you because it happened a long time ago and it didn't mean anything. If it didn't mean anything, then why did you put it on tape? And why do you keep the tape? Do you, like, use it? No, I forgot I even had it. I didn't tell you because it happened before I met you. I didn't think it would do any good to bring up the past. This is just the worst time for something like this to happen. Because of prom tonight? Not because of prom, because I'm pregnant and I'm hormonal. And you know what? Now that you mention it, I do have to go help decorate, because I promised Brooke. -  Haley, I'm really sorry. - Yeah. Welcome home, Mrs. Scott! I'm sorry I left the house like this. Whatever, mom. Just clean it up. Still upset? No, something like that, you forget about pretty quick. Dumb question, I guess. Hopefully, the prom will take your mind off this whole thing. Yeah, that should be fun. Maybe my cheating ex-boyfriend will ask me to dance, or I'll get to share some punch with my whore of an ex-friend. I know this sucks, but you shouldn't let it ruin the prom. No, it shouldn't, but it does. For what it worth, I saw Brooke this morning, and she feels horrible about this. So, the first thing you did this morning was go see Brooke? It was on the way. You know what else is on the way? My front door. Shut it when you leave. That really did happen? I always kind of pretended it was just a bad dream. No, it happened. I guess it's easier for you to remember it, since you have a tape that you can watch over and over and over again. I never watched the tape, Brooke. I didn't even know it was still around. I just destroyed it this morning. Great. That's gonna help everyone unsee it. I know. I'm sorry. It's not all your fault, Nate. I mean, my memory of that night's hazy at best, but I'm pretty positive you didn't have a gun up to my head. I know it was only two years ago, but  it just feels like a different lifetime. Hey, I know exactly how you feel. I'm not proud of who I used to be either. God. How's Haley? I spent the night apologizing to our bedroom door. When she did come out, it was just to tell me she had to decorate for prom. Why aren't you there? Because Haley's there and Peyton's there, and I'm gonna avoid seeing them until the last possible second. All right, well, I need to go make my rounds. I've got a lot of apologizing to do today. Yeah. I'll tell her you came by. No, don't. Please. Okay. Anyway, like I said, I'm sorry. Me too. I guess when you get drunk anf have sex at a party you do have to deal with it eventually. Hey, Shelly, it's Mouth. Please call me back. It's, uh -- it's Mouth. Sorry I'm late. That's what you're apologizing for? Well, I'm sorry about the other thing, too. Were you ever gonna tell me about you and Nathan, ever? Um, honestly, no. Haley, we didn't even know each other back then. When am I supposed to bring that up -- at a basketball game? "R-A-V-E-N-S! P.S.: I slept with your husband once"? I guess. You really shouldn't be upset. Nathan used to hook up with everyone. Bev -- Duck, duck, duck, bitch. Peyton. Peyton, I'm so sorry. What else do you want me to say? I want you to say, "punch me in the face again, Peyton, please. I deserve it." Okay. You're not exactly perfect here, either. You cut me out of your life, made me feel guilty for kissing Lucas when you had screwed Nathan behind my back. And you guys were broken up. Keep telling yourself that if it makes you feel better. But you're a backstabbing whore, and you know it. Hey. Good luck with your cheating girlfriend. Hey, I just went to school to find you, and Bevin said you left. Well, Bevin doesn't know when to shut up. What are you doing? These are all the tapes that I could find because the thought of you brooking yourself to yourself and Brooke really makes me sick. Baby, there aren't any more tapes. Really? Because Bevin says that you've been with a lot of girls. So I'm thinking you probably put yourself on tape with at least one or two of them. Bevin doesn't know when to shut up. Okay, okay, you know what I want? Here's what I want. I want a list of every girl that you've ever been with. That way there won't be any more surprises. You want me to write a list of every single girl I've ev-- No, no, I guess not every single girl. You can cross Peyton, Brooke, and my sister off of that list. You really think that's a good idea? Yes! And here. I'll make it easy for you. Take the phone book and just cross off the name of every girl you haven't been with. I don't want to do this. Why? I can give you mine -- you. See? That wasn't so hard. Hey, uh... you were right. I should have checked on you first. I'm sorry. It's okay. I like the red dress. You would. It's Brooke's. - Why do you have it? - So she doesn't. Okay, don't you think stealing Brooke's prom dress is going a little bit too far? No, I think going a little too far is making your friend feel like a whore when you've done worse. Didn't we kind of do the same thing to her? We had sex? That's funny. I don't really remember. It must not have been very good. We didn't have sex, but we did sneak around behind her back. Do you ever actually defend the person you're dating? Look, Peyton, I know you're upset, but I also know you can take the high road. This is complete beneath you. Like Nathan beneath Brooke, or was that Brooke beneath Nathan? Can you hit it? Hi, Brooke. Are you okay? Oh, I don't know. Is it okay that million-dollar bitchy gave me a black eye the day of my senior prom? No. Is it okay that Peyton went after Lucas, not once but twice, while we were dating? No. Is it okay that she chased Chase off by screaming at me in front of everyone? "Chased Chase." Why is this funny? It's not. Is there anything I can do? Yeah, actually, you could push Peyton in front of a bus for me. I'm just gonna go over there. Whoa. Please tell me one of those dresses isn't Brooke's. Uh, no, actually. Dan is chaperoning the prom, and he's asked me to chaperone with him. You want to go to my prom with the guy who left you right after yours? Look, we are just going as friends. Um... what are you doing? I'm looking for my real mom. Look, I just thought it would be fun. But if this is gonna upset you, I could just stay home alone another night. I'm used to it. I've done it for 17 years. What are you doing? Oh, Nathan, I didn't hear you come in. It's  no wonder I can't dance. I take it you need something? Yeah, I need to talk to you. I screwed up, and if there's one thing you know about, it's screwing up. You left out basketball. Dad, it's pretty bad this time. Daunte bad or failed-test bad? "Me and Brooke made a sex tape a few years back, and it just got out" bad. Brooke Davis? Nice. And now Haley wants me to write a list of every girl I've ever slept with. Oh no, bad idea. That would just made the things worse. Give her some time. She'll calm down. But do not write that list, Nathan. I wouldn't. I'll write the list. Oh, no, no, I thought that's what you wanted. No. No. That's not what I wanted. I wanted you not to be able to write a list. How am I supposed to compete with all the girls that you've been with? You don't have to compete with all the girls. All the girls? How many girls have you slept with, Fabio? I don't know. I never thought about it. Honey, that is why I asked you to write the list in the first place. So, please, just do what I'm asking you to! - Hi. - Hey. Sorry I couldn't talk earlier. I was just thinking about what happened. It's okay. I'm sorry my past keeps coming back to haunt us. I have a lot of skeletons in my closet, and, apparently, half of them are naked. Yeah. I've been able to accept a lot of your history, Brooke. But you know mine, too. You know that my best friend slept with my girlfriend, just like you slept with Peyton's boyfriend. No, it wasn't like that. They broke up. I know prom's important to you, so we can still go. But after that, we can't be together. Um,  then it should just be over now, 'cause I don't want to go to prom with someone who doesn't want to be with me. You said no more surprises. I'm sorry. Open up, Peyton! Or what? You'll huff and puff and blow my house down? Yes! Chase broke up with me. Are you happy now? I don't know. Did you tape it? That thing with Nathan and I happened a long time ago, Peyton, and you guys were broken up. In case you don't remember, Nathan and I broke up all the time. Oh, really? How could I forget? That's all that your relationship ever was, Peyton, just a string of miserable one-night stands thrown together. Now you're describing your life with every guy in Tree Hill. It was one time, and it meant nothing! Well, it means something to Chase, and it meant something to me. You know what meant something to me? You and Lucas having an ongoing affair behind my back! Because, P.S., we weren't broken up either time that you went after him! Okay. All right. My fault. See, I was stupid, 'cause I thought I ruined our friendship when you ruined it a long time ago. We were never friends. Oh, give me -- Oh! Hey. You're the next stop on the Nathan Scott apology tour. And I thought that tour was sold out. Are you pissed about the tape? No, actually, I was relieved to know it wasn't you and Peyton. Could it have been you and Peyton? If it makes you feel any better, Haley destroyed every other tape in the house. She's pretty upset, huh? Well, she's still talking to me, so that's something. And so are you, so... does that mean we're cool? Oh, yeah, man. We're cool. I already knew you were an ass back then. Oh, you know what? Speaking of... Our dad asked my mom to prom. That explains the dancing. Does she want to go? Yeah. It's a bad idea, right? Well, six months ago, I would have said, "hell, yeah," but  now I'm not so sure. Why? What's changed? Dan has. He took the blame for Daunte. He was willing to spend the rest of his life in jail for something he didn't do. Does that change everything he's done in the past? No, it doesn't. But if your mom was willing to give him a second chance, then maybe you should, too. Well, I've got a lot of other people to apologize to, so... Yeah. Hey. Your mom's pretty smart, Luke. And besides, it's her life. Man, you can't just leave a message about not going to prom and just hang up. If Shelly's not going, I'm not going, either. Look, dawg, I'm sorry about Shelly, man. But this your last prom. You gonna just let some girl take that away from you? She wasn't "some girl." She was the girl. She was the girl that broke up with you, which means she wasn't the girl. This isn't making me feel any better. I'm not trying to make you feel better. I'm trying to get you to go to prom. Look, Fergie and Junk -- they going to prom. You think they got dates? No. I mean, prom ain't got to be about that, dawg. Maybe it's about just having a good time with your friends. I never want to hear the word "friend" again. At my funeral, my tombstone will probably read, "Marvin McFadden -- Friend." Yeah, and that place is probably gonna be packed, 'cause everybody love you. Besides, it's probably better than "Here lies Mouth. The guy was a jackass." You going to prom, man. What's up? Is this how bag ladies get their start? Shut it, squeaks. Thanks to Peyton, Chase broke up with me. So it's her fault now? Didn't you "F" her B.F. when you two were B.F.F.s? They were broken up. Maybe Chase just doesn't want to go to prom with someone who looks tougher than him. Oh no, he said prom had nothing to do with it. He said he'd still go with me, but when it was over, so were we. Sounds like Cinderella, except the prince is a virgin and the pumpkin is... a fatter pumpkin. Yeah? Which evil stepsister are you? The one that got expelled. And FYI, I think Turner might be gay. Looking to get revenge? No. Ew. I'm just cleaning up around here. This place seems dirtier somehow. Ah, remember when we thought how cool it would be to hang out with the popular kids? I don't think I ever said that, Mr. Lucas Sawyer. Somebody wrote that on my notebook. Oh, okay. How's Peyton? Not well. I don't get it. You know, it's been two years. She's acting like it just happened. Luke, she just found out about it. For her, it did just happen. Still, she shouldn't be this upset. Luke, it sucks to be betrayed by somebody that you love, but then to find out about it in front of everybody is really humiliating. You need to be nice to her. Whoa. Who says I'm not being nice? However nice you're being, it's not enough. You've got to let her know that you're there for her and that you're nothing like her ex-boyfriend. Noted. But for the record, Nathan's nothing like her ex-boyfriend, either. Noted. I heard you got expelled. I'm sorry. My parents are flying me first-class to meet them on vacation. I finally get to spend some time with them. I just had to get kicked out of school to do it... again. Maybe that's why you do it. Aren't you gonna say goodbye to everyone? Yeah, "bye, Haley. Here's the tutor key I stole. Bye, Nathan. Sorry for almost getting your uncle killed. Bye, Lucas. Sorry for actually getting your uncle killed. And, bye, Tree Hill High. I'm really sorry about the whole time-capsule thing." No, I think I'll spare everyone the goodbyes. When do you leave? I'm booked on a flight tonight. So you won't be at prom? Don't look so sad. You'll barely notice I'm gone when you're dancing with your hot new girlfriend. She broke up with me. I've always hated her. Are you okay? Not really. Now I have to go to prom alone. You won't be there alone. I told like five guys I'd go with them. Still, I -- I would have loved to dance with you one last time. I mean, the only dance we ever had was after the shooting, and I'd kind of like to erase that one. Yeah, I would have liked that. God knows I haven't left too many great memories behind. You left me with some. Thanks, Mouth. That means a lot. That Clean Teen girl doesn't know what she's missing. Seriously?! You are egging my house?! Are you gonna give my dress back to me? The guy at the store told me you had it. Described you down to your bony ass. So go naked. Think of all the time you're gonna save hooking up with someone else's boyfriend.. You're one to talk. You are one to talk, Peyton. Okay, so, you said we were never friends, huh? I never meant anything to you?! Fine. Want to see something else? Here's a picture of you and Lucas on my birthday! So who's the whore now?! God! Stop! Quit it! Stop it! God, stop! Just let go! I'm the one with no boyfriend, no prom dress, and a black eye! You're going to prom with the guy you love, so you win! Okay, Peyton, you win! Why do you even care anymore?! Why do I care? Brooke, this has been one of the worst years of my life. And I needed my best friend more than ever, and you cut me out because I was honest with you! And you were never, ever honest with me. You made fun of my mom's death, Brooke. You knew her. You cried with me when she died. And now you use her as a punch line for a joke to hurt me. It hurt. It did. Not anymore, 'cause you and me -- we're done. You were right. She's dead. As far as I'm concerned, so are you. - Hi. - Hi. Can we just put this whole thing behind us and have a good time at prom? I'm not going. Why? Did something else happen? No, I just don't care about prom. Peyton, we don't have to see Brooke. It will be fun. I promise you that. It's not about Brooke. I just really don't want to go anymore. You can still go if you want. Look, I... I think you're gonna regret not going. I know I'll regret not going with you. I just can't. I'm sorry. Well, I really hope you change your mind, because I'm coming back later, and I'm picking you up. And if you open that door, I know you're gonna look beautiful. And then we're gonna have a great night. And if not, I guess I'm going alone. Here's the list. But it's not the list of every girl I've ever been with. Then what is it? It's the list of every girl I've ever been in love with, and your name's the only one on it. It's the only one that matters. Nathan... That other list would have just been garbage from a person I'm not proud of. That's really sweet. But... But you want the other list. I thought you might. Wow, you're actually leaving. I guess I should be packing, too. Why? I didn't invite you. No, because this is your house. This is your house, isn't it? You didn't, like, marry and kill some old guy and bury him in the basement? I wish. My parents won't be back for a while, so you have some time. I feel really guilty you got expelled for something I did. Please. I practically forced you to cheat. Besides, for me, getting expelled equals getting tan. You had more to lose with your Clothes Over Bros deal. Thank you, Rachel. I don't know why you did it, but thank you. I did it 'cause you're my friend. Now, do something for me and make things right with Peyton. Yeah, but she said I was dead to her. Do you blame her? You're wrong, and you know it. - You slept with her boyfriend... - They were broken up! ...who, broken up or not, is off limits. But then you wouldn't forgive her for doing the same thing to you. Well, fine. If that's not the skank calling the whore a slut. You hit on Nathan knowing he was married. I know. But I suck. You're better than that. Work it out. It's no fun being the girl with no friends. It's no fun being the girl without a boyfriend, either. No kidding. What's with the Clean Teens, anyway? I mean, first Shelly dumps Mouth, then Chase dumps you. They should have a new slogan -- "We break hearts, not hymens." Shelly broke up with Mouth? I saw him this morning. He didn't say anything. He probably didn't want to pile onto your problems the way Peyton piled onto your face. But he's pretty broken up about it. That's my limo. Thanks for being my friend. You cheating whore. Thanks for being my friend, you crazy bitch. Sorry I got you expelled... again. It's okay. I'm used to it. Rachel... Okay, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna miss you. Yeah. You too. I think you should wear this one. Listen, I'm sorry I got weirded out earlier. That's okay. When he asked me, that was my initial reaction, too. And my second and my third. So, why did you agree to go? I don't know. I thought it would be fun. I just -- I just don't want to see you get hurt. But if going to prom with... Dan is gonna make you happy, then you should go. You know, there was a small part of me that was hoping you'd tell me not to go. I still could. I'll be fine. Okay. But no slow dances, okay? Did you name him "Nathan"? Why? Did he screw my best friend? I'm sorry, okay? And I know I'm late. I should have been here two years ago. - Well, why weren't you?! - Because I was a jerk. Why Brooke? Did you really hate me that much? No, I didn't hate you. I just didn't care about anybody but myself. Look, I hooked up with Brooke because she was drunk and I was a bastard. It didn't mean anything. It was just a mistake we both wanted to forget. That explains why you taped it. Did I mention I was a stupid jerk? - Look, when you get to prom -- - I'm not going. Hey, I know you're mad at me and Brooke, but don't take this out on Lucas. I'm not. I just don't care. I'm you two years ago. No, you're not. You never were. Why do you think you stayed with me when I treated you so bad? I'm a masochist. Because you cared. That's who you are. You care about Lucas because you know he loves you, and you probably still care about me and Brooke because you know we love you, too. Just face it, Peyton. You care. So get dressed and go with Lucas. I'll see you there. It looks like you made the right call, Mouth. I guess so. But I always thought I would lose my virginity to my prom date, not my prom date to my virginity. But at least I have my friends, right? Will you go to prom with me, Marvin McFadden? What about Chase? Man, don't ask about Chase, fool. Clean Teen isn't really for me. Of course I'll go with you. It looks like we'll be a not-so-clean couple. See, Mouth, being a friend sometimes pays off. Who says we're going as friends? Just go with it. See you guys there. What's he got that I don't? A date. Haley? - Hi. - Hi. I just wanted to thank you for agreeing to move in. That means a lot to me. Yeah, sure. I mean, you know, you're family, Deb. If you want to get better, we are here to help. I also wanted to tell you that... whatever stupid thing Nathan might have done, I'm possibly to blame for it. Trust me, this one is all Nathan. His only role models growing up were a spineless, alcoholic mother and a controlling, sociopathic father. That doesn't excuse everything that he does, though. No, of course not. But he's become a wonderful man. And it's all because of you. And I want to thank you for that and ask you to forgive his shortcomings. Whatever grace he has, he learned from you. Maybe you can return it. Have fun tonight. My mother will be out in a second. I know this is tough for you, Lucas, but you can trust me. I trust her. - Wow, you look beautiful. - You look great. Well, thank you, both of you. Uh, you're not ready yet. Oh, well, only old people go to prom early, mom. Well, save your mom a dance, would you? Sure, 'cause every kid wants to dance with his mom at prom. You're not every kid. You're my kid. Have a good time at prom, mom. Dad. Thank God. You look amazing. Thanks. Notice anything different? You're smiling. Anything else? Your -- your boot's off. Haley, that's great. You can walk on it? Yep. Even better, I'm gonna dance on it. I was gonna tell you last night, but your surprise kind of trumped mine. Sorry... again. I know. And the list? Uh, the list -- I just read the one written by the man I fell in love with. I didn't need the one written by that other boy. Do you know how much I love you? You better. - We're gonna be late for prom. - Oh, please, there's nothing wrong with being a little late, is there? Oh, hey, does this dress make my butt look big? Oh, yeah. Thanks, baby. Don't walk with me, dude. People are gonna think we're together. Please, you could never get with Fergalicious. Did you just say...? Yeah. It was really awful. Peyton looked through me like I didn't even exist. I mean, can't she hate me? At least if she hates me, she still cares. You guys have been friends longer than me and Luke. I mean, that's too long not to care. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm always venting to you, Mouth. Do you want to talk about Shelly? Not at all. No. Okay. If you do, I'm here. Thanks again for being my date. You've always been there for me. Even now, when everyone thinks that I'm a whore. Nobody thinks that. Oh, my God. You might want to step out of the black light. She cares. She cares! Oh, you two look so cute. Wait there while I get the video camera. Sorry. Are you okay with this?