for us to rise up! and i'll do anything to protect my family. who can tell me what this word means? she's a very special girl, sir. yes, she is. she's also a very young one. hey, deputy. if you can hear me, raise your hand. oh, my god. the lights came in during the hurricane, right? so wouldn't it stand to reason if you were a hybrid psychopath planning an invasion, you might do it under the cover of a storm? szura's gone, russell. i don't know what he's planning. but i'm gonna need your help to stop him. thank you, miss. you're welcome. it's nice to know if i get in trouble again, you're always nearby. that's right, paul. winds are moving northwest at 12 miles per hour, and accutrack is predicting that miranda could make landfall as early as 8:00 tomorrow night. well, larkin, we're hearing up here that some residents of west palm beach are already evacuating. that's my understanding, as well, but even though the national weather service is saying that we'll all be safe down here, i would caution all homestead residents to be prepared for anything. well, certainly, better safe than sorry, but right now, i think we can all be grateful that this time it looks like we dodged a bullet. that's definitely one way of looking at it. thanks, paul. back to you. i brought you a doughnut. i'm not hungry. i thought all policemen liked doughnuts. i'm not a policeman. you left the island. yeah, it was getting a lile crowded-- coast guard, park rangers. where is everybody? safe. where? i don't think i like your tone, tom. and i don't like the fact that i sent you people to look after, and they're dead. you know, when we first got together, you promised me the freedom to do what i needed to do, and now all you do is second-guess me. i don't trust you anymore, eli. that's clear. and you shouldn't trust me. you can't keep me in here. maybe not forever, but long enough to find out where you're hiding everyone. i told you they're safe. no, they're not. these people are a danger to themselves and everyone around them. nature will take care of them, tom. nature takes care of everything. have you seen the news? there's a storm coming. the experts said it will land further north, but we know different, don't we? our people will be fine. it's the rest of the town you should be concerned with. this hurricane is gonna make landfall <i>here,</i> and no one's gonna be able to evacuate, because all the roads heading north will be blocked. for our protection, to keep our citizens from going into a war zone. mayor, <i>this</i> will be the war zone. miranda's following the exact same path that eve did. well, that can change. it won't. how do you know? do you have any proof to support what you're saying? none. he has none. ah. this is mr. vargas from the parks department. i asked him to come down here, see if he could verify any of this for us. i, uh, wish i could, but i'm afraid russell doesn't share our view. as a matter of fact, he doesn't even work for us anymore. our chief suspended him yesterday afternoon. he was concerned that, uh, personal issues have been clouding his judgment. i'm not here representing the department, frank. i'm here as a private citizen, a <i>concerned</i> citizen. so am i, russell. we just got the park back open. tourism is finally picking up. if we do as you say, we're going to have to close the whole place down again. and after the economic hit we all took from eve, does anyone really want this? if everyone in the park's dead, it won't matter. sorry i'm late, mayor. my deputy's in the hospital, and he asked me to pick up some storm shutters for him, but dixon's was sold out. tom, are you supporting an evacuation? not a mandatory one, but i think we should give people the option and remind them of the unpredictability of these things. i think that being cautious would be far less damaging to tourism than the sight of a couple hundred bodies floating past city hall, don't you? i think they were getting ready to string me up in there. thanks. i didn't know you lost your job. well, hopefully it's only temporary. i've got szura. what? in jail, and i'm going to hold him through the storm. well, what about the missing hybrids, the people who were on his island? he won't tell me where they are. did he give you any idea about what he's planning? no, but if i were you, i wouldn't stick around to find out. take larkin, take the kids and get out of town before they lock it down. we're already packing. you got a place to go? a little motel i spent some time at as a kid. a few hours north of here. what about you? i'm gonna try to track down these people, keep 'em contained. all right, we'll keep in touch. kira. hey, lewis. how you feeling? okay, i think. how do i look? beautiful. i really appreciate you being here, kira. don't understand how this happened. it happened because people are stupid. is your brother okay? my brother... jesse? he's my <i>stepbrother,</i> and who cares? he's one of the people who beat you up. no, he's wasn't. he tried to protect me, maybe even saved my life. but they were <i>his</i> friends. no, it was a couple older guys. it was my fault, too. i trust people way too easily. and check the blood banks. we ran out of packed cells during eve. i want to make sure that doesn't happen again. but, doctor, the news said-- the news is wrong. dr. underlay, they need you in maternity. i'll be right there. hey there, doc, they told me i could wait in here. i hope you don't mind. uh, what are you doing with that camera? making a documentary. on what? the destruction of the entire human race. smile. i'm only half kidding. if this hurricane comes in carrying anything even close to what eve had, there's gonna be thousands of lights in the sky and even more e.b.e.s in the water, and i'm gonna catch the whole thing on tape this time. i'm not talking about some fuzzy, black-and-white u.f.o. garbage either. i'm talking about full-on, high-def color. good luck. thank you. now to kick it off, i thought maybe you could be my first interview, a little human-to-hybrid, you know? i'm kind of busy, dave. yeah, yeah, i can see that, but if this thing hits like i think it's going to-- is rose here? what? this is her backpack. is she here with you? no. what's this doing here? oh, my god. -==http://www.1000fr.com==- v%Ai7gHmS0JSB[L3HYS~3vF7 1>WVD;=v9)Q'O0=;Aw#,QO={SCSZILR5SCM> -=7gHmFRMWVD;Wi=- 7-Rk:mermaid J1<dVa!"P#6T:mywsz are you sure she's still in school? yes, i just spoke to her teacher. she's fine. but she did have her backpack with her this morning. where's jesse? he's at school, too, but he's on his way here now. have you talked to him? mm-hmm, and kira's in with lewis, but i'm scared, tom. we have to get rose. dr. underlay, they really need you in maternity. i'll go.i'll go get rose. are you sure? yeah, yeah, yeah, i can be there in five minutes. i'll call you soon as i've got her. oh, my god, russell, is rose okay? for now. but this backpack thing was obviously done to send a message. the weird thing is, underlay told me he's got szura in jail, so i don't know who did this. we have to leave. we have to get all the kids out of here. the roads are gonna close at 3:00. can you be back at the house in time to make it? yeah, i think so. i've just got one more story i've got to do. russell, how can i even think of leaving here without telling people what's going on? there's so many people that could die in this storm. but what can you do? you should have seen the look on the face of the city council this morning when i was trying to convince them that i knew more than the national weather service. it was crazy. no one's going to believe you. i'm supposed to go live at 11:10 from the fairground. let me do that, and then i'll be home at 11:30. you'll be fired, you know, if you tell the truth. there is that possibility. i'll see you soon. who can tell me what "character" means? jake. character means someone who pretends to be something. okay, anyone else? rose, what's character? someone in a show? all right, yeah, there are those kinds of characters, but what about personal character? all of our actions define our character. we are what we do. that's why it's so import-- hi. i'm, uh, i'm here to pick her up. hang on a second. excuse me, guys. can i help you? yeah, i'm, uh... i'm dave groves. i'm rose's uncle. i'm here to pick her up. i thought her mother was coming. yeah, she was, but i'm here instead. do you have a note? do i have a note? well, we can't let any of the children leave without proper authorization. okay, i know, but she knows me. i'm her uncle. but i don't know you. okay, well, why don't we call her mother then, okay? after class. i'm sorry, what? after i'm finished with the class. you're welcome to take a seat in the back if you'd like. okay, guys, so if we are what we do, what are the two most important ways that we can define our character? how we live... and how we die. his name is eli szura. i want to know how he got out. you were all here. mr. munger, there is blood on the wall of that cell. how did he manage to do that on your watch? he used his elbow, sir. his elbow? he scraped his elbow so hard against the wall that it bled. and you just let that happen? i was... intrigued by it, sir. did you release that suspect from the cell? no, sir! do you know who did? deputy? what was his crime, sheriff? his crime, deputy armis? his crime was betrayal, and i consider that a very serious offense. have any of you ever read "robin hood"? i have. then you know that when robin is sick, he goes to his cousin for help, but robin's cousin has other ideas. she kills him all to curry the favor of a lousy king. i'm gonna find this man. and i'm gonna arrest him, and then i'm gonna come back here, and i'm gonna decide how many of you i'm gonna hold responsible. here you go, lewis. good as new. you washed it? well, the hospital did, but i saved your badge. are you finished eating? yeah, thanks. shouldn't you be in school? yeah, but my dad said i can hang out with you today. actually, he asked me to. he did? yeah. i don't know what's gotten into him lately. he's actually been kind of nice. you look... like an angel. hey. i came to apologize. it's okay, jesse. no, it's not. i want you to stay here with lewis until your dad gets here, okay? okay. kira, can i talk to you for a minute? sure, i didn't really want to be in here with <i>him</i> anyway. okay, guys, 20-minute recess. afterward, we are gonna get started on our dioramas. cool class, huh? yeah, yeah, very interesting. listen, we're getting out of here. why? because your mom wants you home. which home? your dad's home. but i have school. i know. you're getting out early today. okay? uh, miss, um... ms. wade. yeah, do you think you could maybe call her mother now so we can get out of here? rose, rose! she's just going outside. look, lady, you can't even hang on to a backpack. why am i gonna trust you with a kid? hey, hey, listen, we got to go to the hospital to see your mom, okay? mr. groves? all right, now could you please just call her mother right now so we can get out of here? we'll be late. late for what? for death. we have an appointment with death we're gonna be late for. am i now speaking a language you understand? okay, what is your problem? you are. you're my problem. do you treat all the parents this way? you're not her parent. and if your sarcasm is meant to be funny, it's not. okay, i'm sorry. i'm sorry. but listen to me, ms. wade, you are teaching second grade here. i think these kids can put off worrying about when they're gonna croak for a couple more years. okay, my class is not about death. it's about learning how to live. so you're one of those "every class is a philosophy class" kind of teachers? no, i am one of those "i actually care "about the quality of my students' lives" teachers. do you want to know what i think you are? dave! yeah? uncle dave, do you want a cupcake? cupcakes, that's what you're feedin' them, cupcakes? no wonder you're teaching 'em about death on a diet like that. okay, look, i'm dying, all right? what? i'm dying. i have stage iv lymphoma, and i'll be lucky to make it through the semester. you're kidding. do i sound like i'm kidding? that's horrible. it's reality. so for as long as i <i>am</i> here, i want to bring something positive from my experience to these kids. they're gonna lose me, and i want them to understand why. i don't want them to think of it as some great tragedy. i want them to be prepared. that's the only way i know how to make sense of this. so... what's her mother's number? i'll dial it for you. but i don't want to leave. we have to. why? because this man is making direct threats against our family. well, then why doesn't dad arrest him? he did, but he got out somehow, and now your father's concerned that he's gonna come after us. have those extra beds arrived yet? not yet. okay, i want you to get on the phone to miami and find out where they are. they really don't think we'll be needing them, dr. underlay. that is not for them to decide. get them. we're leaving from russell's house this afternoon. dad, too? dad, too. but if this hurricane's really coming, how can dad just leave town? i mean, isn't he in charge of all that emergency stuff? kira, i don't think you're hearing me. this man and a lot of other people like him may be coming after our family. we have to leave. what about lewis? well, he'll be fine. he'll be safe here. we're leaving him? not forever, honey. no... kira-- i won't. i'm not gonna leave him. kira! i'm not going! kira, come back here! lewis. sir. what are you doing out of bed? it's all right, sir. any sign of kira? no. not yet. but i just got here. we'll find her. there's a hurricane coming,isn't there? yeah. it's a big one, isn't it? oh, yeah. find her, sir. just give me a minute, all right? and then we'll be on our way. what if they don't find kira? they'll find her. tom's at the hospital now. mariel's got her staff looking. don't worry. i feel like this is all my fault, dad. if i hadn't gotten involved with those guys, then lewis wouldn't be in the hospital, and kira would be home safe. jesse, kira's got her own issues. this is not your fault. well, do you think she's, like, in love with him? because i saw her in the room, and she was, i don't know, looking at him like she might be liking him more than a friend. does that bother you? i don't know. yeah. yeah, maybe it kinda does. but i mean... i don't know. i don't know anything right now. jesse... the next few days may get pretty rough, okay? i'm gonna need you to be there for your mom, for your little sister, for larkin, for everybody. but no matter how hard things get, none of this is your fault. well, where are you gonna be? i'm gonna be inside. well, it's nice to see that one person in this department doesn't think i'm crazy. oh, no, i still think you're crazy, but if they're closing off blackpoint sound, i figure somebody somewhere knows something. who's closing off the sound? the chief. vargas called and said no one would be allowed down there for another 72 hours. because of the hurricane? i guess. this morning vargas said that no one in the department thought the hurricane was coming anywhere near here. well, maybe you changed their mind, russ. no. no way. you're getting out of town, i hope. yeah, i'm headed up to my sister's in jacksonville, even though she's sure it's coming up there, too. what are you doing with those? borrowing 'em. hey, look, i told you how i feel about all this, russ. the world is turning. you either go with the flow, or you get knocked off. vargas has always been a politician. he's gonna go where the wind blows, and if the wind is blowing towards the sound-- it's gonna be blowing everywhere. what's so special about the sound? yes, ms. wade. i'm sorry we missed you earlier. but things have just been a little crazy around here. rose probably won't be back to school until, uh... um, next week. but if you give dave her homework, we'll see that she gets it done. great. thank you. should i have told her? she's got all those kids there. the schools won't be open tomorrow. that's the one thing we got the mayor to agree to today. what about kira? i'm going to go to the house, see if she's there. i've <i>called,</i> tom. maybe she's not picking up. meet me at russell's, one hour. okay? what if we can't find her? we have to. hey, sheriff. i was just talking with your daughter here. i can see that. come out of the car, honey. unlock the door. she seems pretty upset. unlock the door, deputy. go in the hospital and stay there. but, dad, why-- now! go! what are you doing out here? i was just taking a break, and then i saw your girl, and she just seemed so sad. mr. munger, are you there? get out of the car. get out of the car! mr. munger, it's szura. are you there? mr. munger, are you still at the hospital? yes, eli. we're still at the hospital. and i'm coming to get you, you son of a bitch! move! where is he? i don't know. stop lying. what's he trying to sell you, huh, munger? he didn't have to sell me anything. we all saw what happened to lewis. lewis, what?you blame me for lewis? we can't just sit back and wait to become a majority. no one will let us. we have to be proactive. and szura understands that. szura will protect his people. szura's a madman. he's gonna get us all killed. you, maybe. where is he hiding the others? where is he hiding them? if you want to shoot me, go ahead. you think it'll change anything? you're a dinosaur. you and your family-- all dinosaurs and all dead, so go ahead, shoot me! i'll look forward to rotting with your daughter in the grave. you're not gonna make it that far even though the national weather service continues to reassure... we're good. i think that's gonna work great. hey, we're gonna be on in five minutes, larkin! and our neighbors to the north continue to brace for miranda's arrival. (cell phone ringing) right now our exclusive accutrack weather system is telling us she'll make landfall at 8:00 p.m., and it looks like a direct hit to west palm beach. hi, honey. hello. hey. we're watching. where are you? we're on our way home via blackpoint sound. what's there? that's a good question. the chief closed it off, and i'd like to know why. you're not gonna be late, are you? no. i'm proud of you. so, rose, i want you to work on all of your spelling words while you're gone, okay? and when you come back, we're gonna have a quiz. there you go. okay, thanks, ms. wade. you're welcome, sweetie. come on, kiddo. you know the storm that's supposed to hit up north? um, don't ask me how i know this but-- it's coming here? yeah. yeah, how'd you know that? life is very unpredictable. yeah. well, nice to meet you mr. groves. you, too, ms. wade. hey, listen, um, actually... do you mind if i just-- i got my camera... right here. do you mind if i get a quick shot of you? a shot? yeah, i mean, you can say a couple words if you want, but, um, i'm making a documentary. about what? stuff that's, uh, happening in the town. life. okay. ladies and gentlemen, the teacher that you wish you'd always had, but you never got-- what's your first name? erica. ms. erica wade. great, so what should i say? i don't know. start with, um... whatever you want. i don't know. talk about the, uh... what, the weather? no, not the weather. that's... we got everybody talking about the weather. you want to hear a song? no, no, i don't want to hear a song. you can start with, um... uh, i know that you're busy right now, so maybe you could say tha you will let me come back and speak to you another time. and maybe you would let me buy you a cup of coffee some other time. you could say that. and maybe you could tell me that when this storm ends, you'll promise to keep yourself safe. how about that? yes. yes? okay. lewis... lewis, i'm sorry. i'm sorry i've been gone so long. i just needed some time. i've been praying for you every minute. you have to go now with your family. i want you to come, too i can't. i need to stay here. i'll be fine. i don't want to leave you, lewis. you won't be leaving me. i'll be here. i'll be waiting for you. i would wait for you forever. kira, we have to go. it's okay. it's okay. and that takes us live to larkin groves, who is standing by right now at the canton field fairgrou larkin,  do you got for us? we're here at canton fairgrounds where, as you can see, the wind has picked up considerably, and though i know you've been hearing reports that hurricane miranda is expected to make landfall in west palm beach, we're now being told that it is likely to change course and bear down directly on homestead. residents should be prepared for sustained winds of up to 150 miles an hour, severe thunderstorms and flooding. i urge you stock up on food, water and supplies. what the hell is she doing? if your home is not protected... cut her off. there's nothing cued up. i would strongly recommend that you and your family... go to paul. evacuate immediately to one of the shelters up north. i've got it. i'm sorry, folks. there's obviously been some confusion. we have absolutely no confirmation whatsoever from the national weather service that this storm is headed towards homestead. in other news... turn if off. well, at least she got most of the story out. she got the important part out. stay here a sec, okey? hey, i've done everything you've asked me to do, but i've got to go, and i need my money. you'll be paid when this is over. i can't wait that long! i'm not like you people. i can't just--just go hide out in a swimming pool. frank! i'll call you later. hey, russell. what are you doing here? oh, i just came by to see what all the excitement's about. who were you talking to? nobody. let'go. we shouldn't be here. what are you talking about, "we shouldn't be here"? where are you going? the chief says-- the chief says what? i just talked to the chief. he didn't order this area closed off, you did. russell-- no, frank, no. russell-- no, why did you do it, huh, and who were you talking to? nobody. who were you talking to, frank? russell, russell! are you working for szura, frank? is that it? are you one of them? are u one of them, frank? no, no! you are one of them! are you one them, huh? i'm... i'm not one of them! well, then you sold out your own people, you son of a bitch! you like the water? you like how that feels, frank? you like how that feels? dad! what is going on out here, frank? why did you do this? look! look at what? look! are you sure they were all from the island? absolutely. what about this vargas? he's on szura's payroll. he cordoned off the area so no one would find them. you have to send some of your people out there now. i'm not sure who i've got left, russell. szura's gotten inside my department, too. well, they can't all be hybrids. was vargas? when people are afraid, they'll follow anybody. i don't know who we can trust anymore, but we haven't got the time to find out. you know what we have to do. tom! we're ready to go. it's the only way, russ. okay, honey.carlita's okay? yeah. okay, i just want you to hop in the back. mariel, which car? mine! hurry up! thanks. hey, mom. mm-hmm? i'm glad we're all going together. me, too. you <i>have</i> to come with us. no, i don't. nobody's looking for me, okay? i'm gonna stay here, put the whole thing on videotape. i'm gonna prove to the world that i'm not crazy. you could die! we could all die. but i could also save your house and maybe civilization while i'm at it, okay? so just leave me alone, will you? i'm staying, end of story. larkin, hey. let's go. i got the, uh, most of the back boarded up. gonna try and catch the front before dark, all right?\ thanks, dave. i don't want to leave him. he'll be fine. he can take care of himself. no, he can't. come on, honey. we <i>have</i> to go. come on. all right. since larkin went public, there may be more people on the main highway than we have time for. well, if the access roads aren't blocked, i can get us out through the 'glades, at least as far as alligator alley. we'll follow you. all right. hey, dave! yeah? we'll see you soon. why are we stopping? because we're getting out. how much further till alligator alley? probably another half-hour. if they just stay on this road, once they're there, they shouldn't have any problem. who shouldn't? what are you talking about? larkin, we're not going with you. what? tom and i have to go back. go back? you're not going back. szura will kill you. both of you. no, we talked this through, and this is the only way. we had to get you guys out. we had to make sure that you guys got through the roadblocks, and you're safe, but we're going back. you son of a bitch, i'm not leing you do this to us. i am not letting you do this. you're just two men. honey, listen to me, it is the only way, okay? for you, for the kids, for our baby, it's the only way. no, it's not the only way. you could have told us the truth. would you have gone? what are we supposed to tell the kids? tell 'em we love them... and we love you. that's why we're doing this. we'll be back. you gotta go. come on. all right, let's go!