- We just got jammed. - Here... This is yours. If you need protection on campus, just ask for me. You still owe me 150 G's, lady. How am I supposed to put... food on my table? You keep upping my debt. Get a fucking job. Chop that shit up, move it. - Can you grow here? - Hell, yeah. It's perfect. Shame it's all gonna be for U-Turn. Silas Botwin, you're sentenced to 6 months of community service. Injury such as yours may have rendered you unfit for duty in the past, I'm afraid times have changed. Welcome to the army. Your Battle Buddy is like your Siamese twin. You gonna shit when I shit. Why are you doing this? Because I let everything at line for you, and you fucked me. Kachichian says goodbye. - Peter is dead? - Yes! Make the fucking bags lighter. Agent Fundis, DEA. I'm here to talk about Peter Scottson. ~ SeriesSub.com ~ present Sous-titres VO : San-A / Loky Season 3 Episode 4 We broke up... me and Peter... Scottson. He hasn't come in to work for a few days and we haven't heard from him. It's unusual. I don't know... - We broke up. - Look, Mrs. Botwin, - I'm his partner. - The one who burps? It's reflux. When did you last speak with him? Few days ago, he brought oranges. Do you want them? - Why would I want them? - I have no idea. Listen, we broke up. I think we established that. When he brought this citrus over, did he say anything to you? Where he was going? What he might be up to? - Work stuff? - No. He didn't talk about work much. I didn't even know what he did 'til... I tried on his jacket once by mistake. I was cold and... I had to pee. About the break up, we were just... you know, different places, I think we just wanted... different things. I think he was working at some... undercover investigation on his own, which is stupid but, even when he goes indie he calls, to let me know everything's fine. He knows I worry. - I hope nothing is wrong. - Well, if you hear from Peter, I'd like you to give me a call. He really liked you. Thanks for your time, Mrs. Botwin. Where is Peter? We broke up. Is that gonna be a problem? What makes you so sure? Mummy just knows. Behold. The incorporated city of Majestic. A city... experiencing a rate of growth few people could have anticipated. Now, we've been a noisy neighbour and for that... I want to apologize. That sound you heard coming from the East, the West, the North... houses popping up like... so many Californian wild flowers, well... that... is the sound of an economic miracle. A month ago, our own city council had a session trying to come up with a new town logo. Something we could put on our signs, our brochures. Italy is shaped like a boot, Sicily, the ball that's about to be kicked, Majestic is shaped like a... well... some people say, a horseshoe. Others, a smile. But, for some of us who are aware of a particular infrastructure problems facing Majestic, well, we saw a different image. In the midst of all our backslapping, we forgot a fundamental principle of... smart growth. If you gonna poop, make sure you can flush. What we need, is a ball. Agrestic is that ball. Now, in exchange for the right to redirect a small portion of our sewage through your town, we'll retrofit your existing sewage system with the most advanced technology available, at no cost to you. We also grant you unrestricted access to all our recreational facilities, including... our non-denominational modern house of worship, The Absolute Truth Ministry of Majestic. Now I know these are tough times for Agrestic, your tax basis is shrinking while the cost of maintaining basic services is rising. It doesn't have to be that way. We're neighbours. And this... is a hand extended over the fence. - Thank you Mr. Groff. - Sullivan, please. Sullivan. Dumb name. Education. Two and a half semesters at Berkeley. Graduated Berkeley. with... - honors. - No lying. - Thay can check these things. - This is Agrestic. No one's gonna check, and you're gonna look totally lame and stay unemployed if you don't lie, 'cause everybody else does. Remember that guy who came to the door, last night? - Peter's friend? - Yeah. Even seen him like looking around or anything obvious, seen his Impala parked around? - Working? - Looking. No, I haven't. Why would he be looking? Does he know you're a drug dealer? No, I don't think so. I just thought he is... - a lurker. - Mum. Can you type? With two fingers. Proficient... typing skills. - Now, what kind of job do you want? - Anything. So long as there's no folding, lifting or scooping involved. Then I'll give you a graduate degree in English, and we'll take it from there. Let's not overdo it. I'm just... proud of you. What for? Getting a real job. Well, thank you, Shane. Go! - Come on guys - Get up! Move it on! Go Botwin, Rodriguez! Get that cock violated asshole up that rope Botwin! So help me! If you don't, I will rip up by your goddamn large intestin and string it up by your tiny little pecker with it! - How fucking cool is this! - We both gonna die. Let's go! Move it! Actually, you're gonna die. I'm gonna hide under your corpse and pretend I'm dead 'til everybody's gone away. I ain't gonna be nobody's dead body blanket. We're gonna get them first. We won't speak the language, we know nothing about the culture. But we have the news fuck you up good technology. That sergeant is dead meat. We're the fucking insurgents. We're the goddamn USA, we're the best, we're the coolest, richest, most righteous nation on Earth. We're a death-laden nation of religious hypocrits. All we do well is... shop and drive gas guzzling SUVs. You're fucking Un-American! Get your corn holly shit shit-stained asses over here* What's with all the... recurring homophobic imagery? I'm starting to worry about this guy. I think they're onto you man. I think you gonna get court martialled for that muslim loving shit you've been spotting. Yeah? They're calling you over too! I want you two, soldiers, to return to your barracks changing to fresh greens and report to my office in 9 minutes Not 8, not 10. - Is that clear? - What's up? You do not ever... ask a commanding officer "what's up"! He's not your fucking friend! He's your goddamn master, your motherfucking God! - You hear me, sperm breath? - Yeah! - It's "yes sergeant"! - Yes, sergeant! Fall out! Lights in the church roof. - What shame is this - Come on, Doug. It's my turn. So... are we prepared to commit our city to being Majestic's ball because a guy next door bought up a cool model? I'm not 100% sold. Do you understand the numbers? - I do. - And? And we have to be able to renegociate on our terms and not theirs, otherwise we... What's going on? I thought that we dealt with this last night. We did. Why are you here? Why am I here? Why is he here? - Slumming! -Yeah! And that's a good thing too, 'cause no one here knows his ass from a spreadsheet on the ground. Or her ass, as the case may be. Thanks for coming by. But we don't need you. We agreed to hire an independant accountant who was gonna walk us through the entire proposal. It's in the minutes. - Right, Sarah? - The city coffers are empty, Celia. Doug, what's your take on this Majestic proposal? Basically, Majestic's overflowing a river of crap. It's got no place to go, but through us. Like a physical colonic. We got them by the sphincter. Shit highway could be our road to riches. Our road to riches? You know, the last time I checked, you weren't even on the council. Graduated at Berkeley with honors. Associate editor, Oxford University Press. What division were you in? - Sorry? - What division? Academic books, reference, trade? Academic textbooks, mostly. History, lots of civil war stuff, reconstruction. And how did you like New York? Oh, it was... big, dirty, lots of people. Coconut... Nice! You're a very beautiful woman. I bet you look good, rolling right out of bed in the morning. Or in it, the night before! I have... my moments. You know, if I hire you, I'll be paying for the right to make comments like that. You okay with that? As long as you're okay with being shut down every time. I like you, Nancy Botwin. You're an operator. The resume's bullshit of course, but... the mind is there... Here is what I do, I sell values based communities, which means that I, and you, need to act the part crucifix pin under the lapel, smile on the face, and a pleasant word for everyone. No fucking the construction cruise like my former assistant, then broadcast it on the internet. I don't do porn so much any more. I found it very tiring. Now, Majestic is my night community and by far, the most ambitious. There's a lot that comes through that door every day that needs to be delt with. For instance, today, I need to find personalized gifts for every member of the Agrestic city council and I have no idea what they'd like. I can do that, I know the people on the council. I figured as much since Celia Hodes who recommended that I speak to you. I think this is what's referring to as kismet. Psst! Hey, space shuttle! You've just gotten yourself a job! You start on Monday. Can't believe they expect us to do this job straight! Que? Si, Mota! Muy bien! - Mrs. Gruber? - Silas! Did you know that if you drink and take Ambien, you can randomly blackout and run your car onto a boulder? * Who's that cute latino guy? It's so hot! Why don't you take your shirt off? I'm fine. You have nothing to be ashamed of, you're... you're young and lean like ostrich meat. Have you been drinking Mrs Gruber? Don't tell! Anyway, it isn't illegal unless you're behind the wheel of a car, is it? I guess not! I'm wet! How you know how high to hang a light? 30 inches above the plant, makes the upper root on my hemp enough space to size. And you gonna control the temperature too? Not just controlling temperature. It also controls humidity, so the plant don't grow bacteria nor fongus. Anything else you wanna know? I'm a wealthy information. Kinda impressed, aren't you ? You're like "Wow", that Conrad, he knows what he's talking about! If your dick was half as small as your brain... you would have stayed far away from that girl like I told you. If we're gonna work together, you gotta get off my dick, dumb as it might be. Ain't gonna happen otherwise. Fair enough. They need us, and we need them. Let's be their ball! No! This is closed session, Mr. Wilson. Hold that thought! I have an annoucement to make. For personal reasons, I've decided to give up my position on the city coucil, so in accordance with our by-law section 3-24, paragraph C, we're hereby compelled to elect an interim council member to replace me until the next election. I'm now opening up the floor to nominations. I nominate Doug Wilson. I second the Doug Wilson nomination. All those in favor of the resolution to elect Doug Wilson as an interim coucil member, say aye! - Oh, you guys! - All those against? The resolution passes, Doug Wilson will take my seat on the council. Effective immediatly! - No this can't possibly be legal. - It is! - And what makes you so sure? - I wrote the by-laws. So, now that that's that, I would like to open up a new order of business. Since is no longer conflict of interest, I would like to nominate Mitch Kamin, to contract all requisite landscapping that will accompany shit highway. This is bullshit. No Celia, it's human shit. You got to get on the same page with us. I'm not gonna allow this to happen. You are not going turn this into your little corrupt kingdom, again. This time, there is going to be checks and balances, there is going to be oversight. Are you hearing me? I'm shaking. Dastrovia. Mummy got a job. - Icecream for everybody. - I'm the only one home. Well then... more for us! What's your job? I'm the new... Westcoast Head of Random House. Mom, that's great! I told you! Yes! Actually, I'm the executive assistant to the Head of the Majestic project. By the way, darling, they do check resumes, so... let's thank God mummy smells like coconut. - Hello? - Where the fuck is my money? Hold on. I'll be right back, sweetie. Hey, guess what, I got a job. Your job is being my bitch. Where the fuck is my money? Okay, I'm having a little difficulty moving your brick at the moment. It's mothercking weed. Everybody like that shit. Sell it, and bring me the money. The DEA came to my house. I can't make a move right now. The fuck you can't! DEA's been up my ass since I popped out of my mama's secret place. That didn't stop me one bit, fuck them! I'm afraid I don't have your confidence. Then, find it, bitch! Fuck you, guinea, not so hard! Look, I want my money, you hear me? Sell the weed to the fucking DEA all I care. No more excuses. Santa * California. Valley State campus security. I don't mean to quibble, Mrs. Botwin, I don't want to invite another visit from your friends, but... Some of these bags look a little light to me. I assure you, they're not light, it's just an airy plant. - Look, you want it or not? - Yeah, I'll take it. I don't have the money on me. So, uh... I'll be right back. Why would you not bring the money? I don't know, you... you make me nervous. I make you nervous? You're scary. You're the scary lady drug dealer with thugs. That's me. Go get the money. Leave the bag, go get the money, now! - Okay, I'll be right back. - That's right. You will. I have to drive to where the money is, so... You wanna... come with me or wait here or what? I'll wait here. I'll be right over there... on that bench. Okay? Make it snappy. This is boring. Get us out of that fucking obstacle course. Alright, give me that phone. They said not to fuck with it. I'm not gonna fuck with it, I just wanna look at it. Come on. What do you think could happen if we make a call? We're not supposed to make calls. We're just supposed to turn it on, stand here, let some drone take pictures of us. - What are you doing? - Making a postcard. Hey, that's funny! - Give me a lighter! - What for? I want you to take a picture of me ligthing my fart. Okay, that's the spirit. Jesus, lady! I thought you were someone else! Come on! This phone has video, we can make a movie. - Fuck! - What's the matter? - I've got nothing, I'm tensing up. - Give me that. Lemme show you how it's done, alright? Okay, hold on. Point the camera on my ass, hurry. I don't want to see your balls man, tuck'em in! Alright, there, there, fine. Ready? Okay, it's coming. It's a good one, here it comes! - Man, what is it? - It's showtime! Holly shit. Something. Something, something. Evidence. Sorry Battle Buddy. Merci, merci, madame. Please. Just like Paris, huh? Sullivan! I owe you a thank you. Your friend Nancy, she's gonna work out. -Thanks. - Honestly, the poor thing... Really is help. Entering the job market, you know, at her age... That "crouton" thing they do on top of the soup, not good. Try the "croque-monsieur" next time, or the "quiche". You seem to know your way around here! I travel a lot. There's a "café Du Merci" in just about every city. Same menu, same framed posters, same smell. There's a certain conforting predictability to it. You live around here? I sort of, yeah. Yeah, I sort of. I'm in a hotel. - temporarily... - Are you in the All Suites ? That's where I am. I'm staying in one of the other ones. Listen, what would you say if we dump this crap and go some place where the lighting is better and there's a full bar? I'm buying. Thank you. I think maybe another time though. I insist. Why are you alone? I actually have some place I need to be. I totally forgot. I'm sorry, I have to go. You know, thank you... though. A rain check. Should you reconsider. À bientôt, mademoiselle. First new message. I know you been dodging my calls, bitch!</i> Did you move my brick? I want my money.</i> If I don't from you soon, I'm gonna pay you and yours a little visit.</i> I got a guy on payroll that just thinks some fucked-up shit they do to people.</i> You're gonna be late. It's okay. You know, this community servicing is totally unsupervised. Every morning, they tell me where to go and what to do, but no one even bothers to check and see if I show up or not. I still wait you showing up. The thing is... I can pretty much do anything I want. No one is watching me. No one. I'm watching. Plus, I meet lots of really cool people, people who like to have fun, people who would pay to have fun. This is a non starter. I will never let you deal. You don't have the choice. I know you don't. It's too dangerous. I don't want this for you. Come back here. We'll discuss this later. [ www.seriessub.com ] Special Thanks to Kasius Special Thanks to Benj! Special Thanks to gilles.silberzahn Special Thanks to niteowl Special Thanks to