Anyway,my point is,scientists say our childhoods are longer 'cause we need to learn more to survive. I think it's 'cause we're the only animal that's aware of its own limitations,chiefly among those being,of course,death. And in return,we get bonus innocence time. When you're a child,you believe everything is possible because,in a sense,it is. When you're 10,everybody actually has a shot at being bill gates. Well,not--not everybody. When you're a kid,you believe you're an invincible,all-powerful being and the world that revolves around you has an absolute order, where good always triumphs over evil and everything makes sense. Unless your father was a cop killed in a shoot-out with a drug dealer. my mom cries sometimes. She goes in her room,but I can hear her. Really?Well,she misses your dad. I miss him too.Sometimes crying makes you feel better,you know? You killed the guy that killed my dad,huh? Yes,jack,I did. I wish I could've done it. some kids grow old too fast. Some don't grow old at all. he didn't go gently into that good night. Stab wounds on both sides of the heart Coroner's investigator estimates the time of death is midnight to 2 am. No blood trail,so he was dead when he was brought here. No money.College parking pass.There's also a photograph. I was thinking maybe it's his girlfriend. We better find her and give her the bad news.Unless he was her stalker.In which case,it's good news. Driver's license with a victorville address. I bet I would've had cute kids. And one day,maybe grandkids who'd put their tiny,little hands in mine. Tell me all about their day. That'd been nice. how--how'd you find me? Well,jimmy had a little picture of you in his wallet. And his graphic design professor identified you. How'd you guys meet,by the way,you and jimmy? I was workin'on the coffee house at campus. I just looked up,and there he was. All he said was "hey." And this weird calm came over me,like I knew him all my life.What happened? I'm trying to figure that out.You know,it could have been robbery, but,uh,I gotta check all,all possibilities. -Such as? -Uh,such as,at school? Anybody,anybody give him a problem there,maybe? No.We didn't socialize much.Anytime we weren't together,he was doing his class work.He had a lot. Yeah,I didn't realize you could,uh,go to college for--for,uh,comic books. He was taking psychology of perception.He was taking color theory,analysis of form. So it was hard work,and he was really good. Well,his teachers said that he was--he was really--he was talented. Anybody else that you can think of who might have wanted to do him harm in any way? From his past,maybe?Victorville? He didn't like to talk about his past much.He was an orphan. He never knew his mom.His dad died in desert storm when he was 5. So he was raised by foster parents? Group homes mostly.Every once in awhile... I'd see a bad memory come on him.And then he'd just draw in his sketchbook,and he'd feel better. Uh,is there anybody else I can talk to about jimmy? Yeah,wally.He was the closest thing to family that jimmy had. Wally?What's his last name, He's the guy that owns that comic book shop,the geek farm. He used to be this big-shot comic book writer. Jimmy would write him letters since he was a kid. Wally was the one who convinced jimmy to come out here and go to college. Jimmy was writing a comic book with him. It was really cool.The hero was this guy called "payback."His family was murdered by the mob. What you drawing there? My newest superhero. Captain raines. And I like what you've done here.You've captured my enormous--enormous quads. Me and jerome bettis.The bulge is a little modest,but you don't want to scare the children. -I understand that. -That's what I was thinkin'. So I guess we both moved here to follow our dream. Well,I came here 'cause I thought I was gonna be the next raymond chandler. I thought if you live here,you write like him."Dead men are heavier than broken hearts." The big sleep.Great book. -Did you read that? -No,I doubt it. So...you came to the city of angels to become a writer,and ended up a cop. I came to become a comic book artist and I ended up dead. Nice try.It's a little hokey. Don't blame me,man. I only exist in your head. hey,pal. Oh.No,no,no.Thank you.Not a--not a drunk.Just,uh...crazy.Thank you. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents sync:YTET-doriay -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Raines Season 1 Episode 4 -I had this as a kid. -How much is that worth now? About half what it was worth before you touched it. To be honest with you,I,I wasn't aware. Um,and this one--this is $1,000? And you can't even look on the inside of it? People buy high-end comics as an investment,okay? When you break that seal,you invalidate the grade that wally puts on it. somebody wanna see me? -Uh,wally? -Yeah? I'm,uh,detective raines.I'm here about the jimmy davis murder. Did he have any issues with,uh,co-workers or,or customers? No. Might he have been involved in anything that,uh,could have gotten him killed? kids are stupid.Maybe he put himself at the wrong place at the wrong time. You're freakishly tall.Why don't you put that up there for me. "Freakishly tall."You're too kind. -Um,was he workin'the night he died? -Yeah,yeah. -Did he say where he was going after? -Nope. Wally,this guy saw the ravensclaw death saber on the website. He wants to know if he comes in,can he get it cheaper? Tell him if he comes into the store,I have to charge him more because then I have to look at his big fat face. See,everything here is on the website.I don't even need a shop anymore. And one of these days,I'm just locking the door. Hey,I was talking to his girlfriend,and,uh,she said that,uh,for jimmy,you were like a--you were like a father figure. These kids are so screwed up,so starved for attention, you pat 'em on the head,they wanna move in with ya. Okay,well,thanks so much for your time,wally.Here's my card. If you think of anything,please just give me a call.Oh,and,uh...if I may.Thanks. I never figured you for a betty and veronica fan. a man can dream. Welcome to my home. Cheese puff? No,thanks. Check this out. Come on. Payback. It's this guy who commits suicide after his family's killed by the mob. But after he's buried,he's reanimated when hazardous waste leaches into his grave. I know the story.I was there when jolie told me. Yeah,but,see,it's really cool.He's invulnerable because he's already dead. And he stays that way by ingesting toxic waste. Ooh,that lunch box is gonna be a big,uh,big seller. the turtle's unarmed.Don't shoot. -What is that,a tortoise? -Heh. That's amazing. Did...I get killed here? Well,there's no forced entry,no sign of struggle,no visible blood.What is this? Nice bong. I'm as surprised as you are,man. Well sure,now the tortoise makes sense. It's the only pet that you can catch when you're stoned. Weed loosens me up to sketch. "5-year-old calls 911 as father overdoses."Not a war hero,quite. I... couldn't save him. I always blamed myself. You know how that feels. What is this?A locked cabinet.What's in here? Bro,if it's one of those rubber suits with a zipper for the mouth,let's keep it on the down-low. That's a lot of marijuana. I have a serious drug problem. No,you're a dealer.And that will definitely get you killed. Shouldn't I be different now that you found out I was a drug dealer? I don't know for sure you were dealing.There could be other reasons the drugs were in there. -Like what? -I'm working. You didn't answer my question. Quiet time. Michael raines,lapd. Your move,sweetie. Jimmy was such a nice boy. He helped me get my medicine for my glaucoma. Yeah,is it possible that for right now we could put your medicine out? Could you put it out? Your candy dish.Hey,did you know any of the people who came over to jimmy's,customers or--or friends? Is that cat breathing? Oh,I hope not.She died years ago.I had her stuffed. Stuffed.Oh,like roy rogers with trigger. Norman bates did that--taxidermy. That's the highest form of flattery,isn't it? "Impersonation." "Impersonation."I think you're right. Did jimmy have any problems with anybody lately? Well,last week,he... last week...? I'm not a mind-reader.What about last week? Is it old age or the weed? Old age put her on the bicycle,but the weed's doing the pedaling. I don't peddle drugs.I'm a consumer. Now let's get back to the argument with sergei. Sergei?Jimmy had an argument with somebody named sergei? You are a lightweight,aren't you,dear? Yes.Jimmy had an argument out in the hall with sergei. That's the guy who owns the smoke shop. He's a nasty man,but,oh-ho,wonderful bongs. Yeah,what was the argument about,do you know? Well,something about jimmy owing sergei some money and--do you think he killed jimmy? I'm gonna make sure to ask him that. Um,margo,you have been a world of help,really. I thank you so,so much for your time. I really appreciate it. These are for you. -What are those,cookies? -No,no. Shoes. They were my anthony'S. He was a big man,like you. He walked everywhere.He loved seeing the city.He was a good man. Well,I'll,I'll take good care of them. Here,I got you something.Look at that.I don't know if ya like the girls.Betty and veronica. -It's great. -You hate it. No.I'm just more into ghost rider right now. Ghost rider?Oh,okay.Ghost rider.I'll remember. Hey,you want some ice cream from the truck? -If you want to. -Ooh,I'd love to.That's my favorite-- favorite thing:Getting food where it comes to you. It's,uh,what it must have been like to be a prehistoric hunter. See,that's the giant ground sloth,and we're creeping up on it until,just the right moment, when we spring forward and rip our nourishment out of the belly of the beast. Of course,that's only after paying and getting our napkins. My dad said you were funny. Yeah,well,I'm more of a physical comedian. I'm what you call,"on funny."Some people are regular funny. I'm on funny.That's from a movie. What are you gonna get? My eye has fallen upon eskimo munch.That sounds vaguely inappropriate. Here,I'm torn between choco-nut,which is festive,and purple tongues.I never heard of that. Very--that's intriguing. But I'm literally torn.I'm ripped in half.We may need some,uh-- hey,you okay? Someone said my dad's in a better place now. How come the best place wasn't with me and my mom? -Remember? -It's pizza night. I'm not hungry. what?I'll eat that pizza.I like your famous pizza. Thank you so much for picking him up. -Sit,please. -Oh,thank you. Ah,how's jury duty? Oh,I'm not supposed to talk about it. He's guilty. How you doin'? I'm cursing god less. Well,don't stop completely,you know. I'm sure it's a welcome change from all those people,uh,sucking up and asking for stuff,you know. Jack got into another fight at school. He is so angry at the world. Well,the world hasn't been too great to him,you know. How are you? Still talking to the victims? Charlie told me you did that. Oh.Yeah,yeah.Well,it's,uh,different without charlie. In what way? Uh,it's hard to put into words. let's talk about your case. -You like this victim. -Like him? You identify with him. Talking with jimmy,the young artist,puts you in touch with your creative self. You know,I feel bad for him. He had to watch his own father O.D. Right in front of him. Hmm,that would be pretty devastating. Oof. You know,he had nobody to look out for him. Of course his life turned to crap. You seem angry. Well,did this idiot think for one second what it would do to his kid? You know,what kind of selfish father does something that he knows that sooner or later is gonna kill him? Charlie. What? He lived a life he knew might kill him,and now that he's gone,you feel responsible for jack. He's been getting into fights at school lately. Children of homicide victims have a lot of rage. Sometimes I wish I could just,uh,reach in and take that pain out of him. Even if you could,I don't think you'd have any room left. Can we leave me out of it,please? Okay. Well,this has been,uh,just the best time I've ever had in my whole life. You know,jack is showing signs of childhood traumatic grief. He can't mourn the loss of his father because any thoughts of him, even the happy ones,remind him of the terrifying way in which he died. If that's true,how do I handle it? Bring him in here. -In here? -Yeah.I might be able to help. I've worked with kids before. I don't know if he's gonna want to talk about it. Well,I've also worked with people who are here against their will. -What'd you get for lunch? -Shoes. That smart-ass attitude is exactly why you'll never get to have a captain's ulcer. No,a very sweet doper old lady gave these to me. Uh,they belonged to her dead husband. She thought they'd fit me.You're an 11,aren't ya? I'm good for shoes. What I could really use,though,is some old dead guy pants. Really?Is this cordovan or oxblood?They go with everything. I'm a 12,but a 15 feels so good. How'd it go with samantha today? Uh,we had a breakthrough,as a matter of fact.My problem is you. I ask because I care. And I want a heads up when you snap so I have time to find a place to take a clean shot from. You'll spare me,right? You'll need someone to explain the insane logic behind the rampage. I'm writing a note. Hey,I hear you've been hangin' with jack. How's that goin'? Is everything all right? Uh,I've been picking him up after school. Lisa's on jury duty. Is he still having a tough time? I'm gonna try to get him to see,uh,samantha. Well,give him my love. -You know anybody? -No. Anything new on your doper murder? I'm gonna grab boyer.We're going over to a head shop and interviewing this guy. Does anybody still call them head shops? I wouldn't know.I drink. Never seen him before. I'm sorry.I probably should have started with the fact that we have a witness who puts you last week at his apartment arguing with him--jimmy. Must be different belo-russian.We all look alike. Uh,maybe you didn't mean to kill him.Maybe,uh,uh,maybe jimmy didn't pay you for the smoke, he rushed at you,you moved aside,and then he fell on a knife that you were holding.Twice. I have nothing to do with drugs.This is tobacco accessories shop.Now I have business. -Good-bye. -Uh,okay. Boyer,I asked you to meet me at the shop. Oh,there you are. The dog can't walk? It's not threatening if you're carrying it. look,all the other working dogs were,well,uh,working. This is sadie.She's retired. Did you have the cookies? You have no respect. This is no time for you to get defensive. All right,here we go. Okay,everybody, listen up. Let me introduce you to narcotics officer boyer and his,uh,k-9 partner... sadie. Sadie. Um,no reason for alarm. Unless you're carrying illegal substances. What kind of crap is this? go. What's wrong with your dog? You've gotta be kiddin'. oh,boy,look-- look at that determination. Nothin's gonna--nothin's gonna stop her. It's illegal. I don't have drugs here. I'm not looking for drugs. I'm destroying your shop. That sounded expensive. Okay,okay,stop the dog. -Boyer. -Yeah? Oh,come here. Come here,sadie. That's a good sadie.Who's still got it,huh? Sadie's still got it. Tell me. Jimmy owed me money. For what? What do you think? But he paid me back couple days ago. You just asked him politely,and he just paid you back? There was some yelling.I'm emotional. But I'm not stupid enough to kill a gangbanger. Jimmy was a drug dealer. Jimmy was shotcaller for the four-twenty mafia. You got a problem,bitch? Background and an address on the four-twenty mafia. Uh-huh,why haven't I heard of these guys? They just came down from victorville.Things got tense with the vagos. These guys are a stoner gang,white,mostly into dealing weed,some extortion. Our friendly neighborhood gangs can't be too thrilled with this. You think he was taken out by locals? Dope's all about market-share. Glen bassett,25.Street name,surfer.He's the shot-caller now. He just did a bid in corcoran for aggravated assault. Aggravated assault? What happened to the good old days when,uh,potheads used to just stay at home and eat cookie dough and watch the,watch the shag carpet? Michael raines,lapd. Five-o! I'm glenn.They call me surfer. Hey,I thought you told everybody that I was coming over. I did.Um,jerry's kind of self-winding. Okay,gentlemen,I'm investigating the murder of your friend jimmy davis. Jimmy's dead? I told you he died. I know.I just said he was dead. You said it like a question. No,I didn't just say it like it was a question. yes,you did.You went up at the end,like,"jimmy's dead?" Okay,now that we've established that,let me ask ya: Any of you guys know anybody who might have wanted to harm jimmy? Everybody liked jimmy,man. Everybody? Shoreline boys? Culver city bloods? Did they like jimmy as much as the vagos liked you in victorville? What--what's happening here? You look like dizzy gillespie there. Don't hold that in on my account. There you go.That's healthier. Uh,all right.Not with me.Not with me.Let me c right to the chase. I think jimmy may have been killed 'cause you guys took over the local weed trade. If this is a gang thing,they ain't gonna stop with jimmy. No,you don't get it,man. Jimmy was like my brother,man. This is not a gang. It's a family.We take care of each other. Don't be stupid.There are what,five of you guys? If this is a gang thing,you're gonna have,uh,50 homeboys each to deal with. Give me a name. Throwing the competition in jail is gonna be good for business. All right,tre. From the rolling fifties. What about him? Him and jimmy had got into a beef a little while ago. You got a last name? He shouldn't be too hard to spot. He's got a real specific smile. hey,I bet I can,uh guess which one of you is tre. Hey,what do they call a,a cow with no legs? Ground beef. Here,watch this.I can wiggle one ear at a a time.WatcH. hey,tre.There you are. Hello.I gotcha. You thought I didn't see ya now,did ya? You're kinda out there for a cop. You have no idea. So,uh,I'm investigating the murder of jimmy davis. Hey,me and jimmy had a few issues,but I didn't kill nobody. He was on your turf dealing weed. Maybe one of your crew did it to send a message? Why would I cap him? Jimmy was the only one of those fools with half a brain. The rest of them stay blazed 24/7. -What about surfer? -What about surfer? Surfer's the muscle.He ain't a man of respect. So you just let four-twenty deal on your streets? You didn't get those teeth being,uh,mr. Charity. You should get,like,a gold cap,with like a diamond bullet. That'd be hot,man. It's on my hanukkah list. So,uh,convince me you had nothing to do with jimmy's death. Look,man,they started dealing on my block. But I knew jimmy was smarter than that. So I told him what'd happen if he continued. I used my words. He just stopped. I guess they was the right words. Then how did they pay off sergei? Look,man,I don't know.If you don't believe me what I'm tellin' you,ask jimmy's girl. She was at the sit-down. -Jolie? -Yeah. She knew that jimmy was in a gang? Seemed like she knew everything. Look,man,are we done? I got a t-ball game to catch.My girl's batting a 500. You're not gonna call him on that? It's a ball on a stand. How do you miss half the time? 500?That's--that's really great. Yeah,I know. Coward. I didn't want to bring him down. Carolyn, I gotta go pick up jack. Track down jolie right away. Call her house,call her work,call her mother if you have to,but get her down here.Thank you so much. Oh,wait--wait!Here. -What is that? -Oh,thanks a bunch. No,the only kind of candy I eat is,uh,saltwater taffy from atlantic city. It's for jack. Charlie used to always get them for him out of the machine. You're a very nice lady. Eh,I've been told. You can still win. First get ultimate dragon and black warrior magician in face-up attack positions. Then you equip the incredible fireball to handel the iron knight. I have no idea what you're talking about. I have no idea what that means. But here's a one-handed--here's a one-handed shuffle. What do you think of that? Okay,okay. Um... if there was something that you could do to make yourself feel better about,um,your dad, would you do-- would you do that,ever? I don't know.Maybe. Really? Well,I've got this,friend,a very nice lady,who helps people by talking to them. She's really smart,and she's,you know,made a lotta--lotta people feel better. Did she make you feel better? Yes,sir. You suck at lying. Well...I don't know what to say to get you to at least try this. So I tell you what,what if I just buy you something? Could I have cash instead? No,you can't have cash. Hi,pal. You have fun? Raines' gonna buy me something. he'll make a great dad someday. -Give us a second,okay,sweetie? -Okay. Okay. Thank you again. So,um... you think this woman can really help jack? Uh,yeah,I do. I'm always on call. Hello? I have jolie in interrogation. Yeah,good.I'll be right there. if we don't solve a case in the first 48 hours,the chances that we ever solve it go down by half. How come you didn't tell me the truth? I didn't want you to write jimmy off as some gangbanger who had it coming. I don't work that way. I'm sorry. How long had jimmy been in a gang? Since he was 12. He said they made him feel like he belonged somewhere. How long had he been the shot-caller? A couple of years. He never wanted it. It just sort of happened. People just followed him. He wanted out of that life, so he--he came here? Yeah. I mean,wally gave him the confidence to believe that he had the talent to be somebody. You know,he stopped getting high. He put all of his effort into school. But...the gang was lost without him. And what?They followed him down here? Jimmy told them not to. He told them that he was done,but then surfer got the russian guy to front them the dope. Jimmy just held onto it because he knew that they were gonna smoke it. And then tre shut him down...before jimmy could sell it. So where did jimmy get the money to pay back sergei? I don't know. Jolie,don't lie to me. However he got that money might have gotten him killed. He had some comics that were worth a lot of money,and he was gonna sell one of them. Where did he get the comics? oh,come on,you know. You just don't want to admit it. I ripped off wally. You said he was going to sell one of them? What did he do with the rest of them? He asked me to hold onto them for him. so the forensic artist's secret,uh,secret lair. One. Wow,you did these? Yeah,why are you so surprised? They're good. Two. -One what? Two what? -Two slams. Third strike,you're out.You want my help or not? Yeah,mr. Sensitive,I do. I mean,I'm an artist.I'm not a big time collector. You should have gone to somebody who grades comics. Like wally anderson? Yeah. stanley,who do you have out there? Nobody,ma. Go back to sleep. Here,let me see 'em. how much? Normally 5k apiece. Normally? These are worthless.They're fakes. I don't like having strangers in the house. Just say hi to her. Hello,mrs. Rastow. It's,uh,michael--michael raines. How were they faked? Scanned from an original,dropped out the color,recolored with an eyedropper-- that's a bitch and a half--calendared paper,a little matte finish spray to give it that re-glossing pop. who? Raines,the tall one from the P.B.A. Picnic with the shoulders you like. Your mother has the hots for me? She's losing her mind. Thus these shoulders are much admired. That doesn't make any sense. I'll give you the telephone numbers of several women. The comics don't make any sense. Oh.I'm sorry.How so? Well,the covers are impressive,but the guts are a hack job. Anybody who'd throw thousands at a comic would take one look at the splash page and know it's tweaked. What if they were graded and slabbed? That'd work. But graders are like freakin' priests. There's no way they'd certify a fake. The comics came in these. Wally's selling knockoffs?That's impossible. The guy's like a jedi-level nerd. He'd never go to the dark side. Unless somebody forced him to. okay,wally's website. "Lord of the rings,harry potter"-- no. Wait,wait,wait,wait,wait."Fantasy weapons,daggers"--ooh,wait a minute. Bring that one up right there."The dragon's fangs." I didn't see that one in wally's store. They make two wounds. We thought jimmy was stabbed twice.Maybe not. Maybe wally hit me once with this. I need a want and warrant on wally anderson. Murder. No. 'Cause you fired him? Yeah. Why? Because of these. You thought you could turn his screwed-up life around. So you gave him a job,you encouraged him,you worked on a comic book together. You treated him like a son,and he repaid you with those. You don't understand-- he knew that selling those could ruin your reputation,your business. Everything you worked your whole life to build,he was willing to destroy. -Jimmy was a good kid. -But it was too late to save him. The damage was too deep. That's not true! He played you.He used you. Just stop it! It was those other losers that made jimmy copy these comics. How did you find that out? Because... they sold one to a collector in van nuys, who,of course,was able to tell that these were fakes,traced them back to me. And you connected it to jimmy? Yeah,when I confronted jimmy about it,he told me about the drug debt. So I told him I would pay the money if he would destroy the rest of the comicS. What else happened that night? What did you say to jimmy? I told him I never wanted to see him again. And I never did. Can I look yet? Okay. I wish I could draw. Oh,that's really great.Wow,I like all the action. Thank you. Can you tell me all the stuff that's going on? Okay,this is an evil robot with eight arms,kind of like doc ock, but not human at all. He's about to attack this kid who's sleeping. Well,it's gonna be kinda hard for the kid to fight back because the robot blends into the darkness here. It's a trap,see?This kid is not a real kid. It's a bomb in the shape of a kid. That's cool. Could you make me one where the bomb-kid blows up the robot? That wouldn't really happen. I'm kind of tired right now. Okay. Well,we're,uh,a little bit early.Your mom's not home yet. Wanna come up here with me?Slide up here with me. Sit in the big boy's chair.There you go. Yeah,put your big shoes all over my--there you go. There you go. So you're not gonna say anything? About what? You know about what. You just saw samantha.Tell me.How'd it go? She said I didn't have to tell anyone. Oh,that's right.Well,you don'T.You're,you're,you're absolutely right. You know,I remember the day you were born? Your dad put on the siren and the big lights and raced over to the station. He wanted to show us pictures of you. He thought you were the most beautiful thing that he'd ever seen in his whole life. I saw those pictures. I was all puffy with a pointy head. That's what I said.Yes,you were. He was so proud of you,your dad,you know. You know what he said? He said,uh,he was a good man,but that you were gonna grow up to be a great man. that's why you won't let me change. If you keep me nice jimmy,you don't have to deal with the thought that I went bad because I didn't have a father. Hey,how about some,uh,music? Because charlie's dead, you're afraid the same thing will happen to jack if you don't step up and do something. But you don't think you're up to it. That's kinda loud! Don't you kids like the music loud?Come on-- That's really bad for your ears,man. answer me one question,I'll shut up. Where's charlie? He's in your head like I'm in your head,right? You've been with jack all week. So don't you think charlie--the charlie in your head--don't you think if he was worried about you taking care of jack,don't you think you'd be seeing him every second of the day? Samantha said I didn't have to talk,that I could just draw. I knew what she was doing,but it was okay because I know the truth comes out when you draw. What are you doing? I'm betting that whoever killed you is in here. In here where? In here. There we go.There we go. Wally? What's going on? Uh,look at this. These are panels that jimmy did before he died for that comic book that you guys were workin' on,payback? He was the artist. You were the writer. Tell me the story of these panels. I can'T.These are new. We never discussed this. Well,give it a try. Just,just give it a try. payback is being attacked by an evil force,some sort of dark sea creature. But he refuses to submit. The evil force threatens to destroy an elder. Now,you see the way the elder's drawn sympathetically. This is someone that payback cares about. Okay. Here... payback is making himself stronger. He armors himself. He goes after the evil force. He attacks it. He attacks it.Attacks it... all right,listen to this.I'm gonna do another version. Only this time,payback is jimmy. A dark force is puttin'the squeeze on jimmy because somebody wants those copies from jimmy of the comics. He threatened to come after the sympathetic elder. Which is you. Look at the beard. Look how scared. In this one,he's ingesting the toxic waste. For the first time in six months jimmy got high. He armors himself. He comes in here and steals the knife. And then he went after the dark force,which he drew as a sea creature, because he thought it would be too on the nose if he just drew...surfer. It had to be surfer. Surfer was the muscle,the violent one,and he was a lot stronger than jimmy. And while jimmy was the smart one,that night he was stoned out of his mind. And so it ended,not the way it does in comics,but the way it often does in real life. Okay,okay,he was stoned. But what I don't understand is,if he knows the guy is dangerous,why does he go after him? To protect you. You were the closest thing that he had to a dad,wally. Oh,no. Can you get this bastard? Hey,guys.Um...do you guys have any idea why we brought you down? I'm,I'm hungry,man. Uh,munchies later.Why are you here?Why are you here? Where's surfer? That's a good question. Why am I here? 'Cause you're special. I,uh--I know you guys have a code where you don't like to talk to cops and tell 'em anything,so here's what we're gonna do. I'll tell you what I think,and if I'm right,you don't say anything. Jimmy was counterfeiting comics,surfer saw that there was big money in it, pushed him to do more,and when jimmy refused,he was killed. You don't even know what you're talkin' about,bro. Okay,uh,here. Do any of you guys,uh,ever wonder why jimmy quit smokin' pot? The best as we could figure,he had some kind of mental breakdown or something. -Man,I don't know. -Breakdown--no. Six months ago,we busted him for possession. Jimmy was an informant. jimmy wasn't a narc. What is this,man? If I tell you,it'll spoil the ending. ...Not that he was gonna flip on you,'cause he refused to do that. Your problem is that the night that he was killed,jimmy was wearing a wire. Aw,don't listen to him,man. Shut up! -They can't hear you. -but even if he was, we're not on that. well,the voices are very hard to hear on there, but lucky for us,surfer's gonna testify that all you guys killed him. He's lying!Don't say anything,man! Shut up! What was that? That's,uh,our captain beating a confession out of somebody,probably. We had nothin' to do with jimmy dyin'. See,there's something really interesting about this tape. You can hear jimmy just fighting,fighting for his life real hard. I guess 'cause for the first time in his life,he'd found something to live for. But then at the end,it gets real,real quiet,and I swear,you can hear jimmy breathin' his last breath. -Listen to this. -no! We didn't kill jimmy. Surfer,he--he did it on his own,man. -He's a putz,man. -We got him. We didn't even know until after,when he came home with hisis arm all bleeding. Why was he bleeding? Jimmy hit him once with a knife. Let's see what's on the arm. That looks like it hurts,sweetie. Hey,I can give you the murder weapon. Surfer told you to dump it. It's a collectible,man. Why do you always hit me? They're gonna like you where you're goin'. You're kinda cute.Wear your hair up. dark horse says they might want to publish it. They're trying to decide if it'll sell. hmm,what do you think?Is it cool? It's tight. It'll sell. Jimmy would have loved this. Hey,have you seen the cover he was working on? He never showed me a cover. Come here.Come here.Come here. Does the beautiful archangel remind you of anyone? He never told me. See,I told you he wasn't a bad guy. Jolie,I never,I never doubted it for a second. Can I have this one? You certainly can.That's gonna be yours.And I'm gonna buy you the,uh,my favorite when I was a kid:Tiny mighty titan. -Look at that. -That's okay. I'll just get mine. Wait a minute.What's wrong with my superhero? He's kind of lame. Okay,I'm buying it,and I'm making you read it out loud unless-- here--you can come grab it from me. You can'T. Nope! come on.Let's get out of here. Where are we goin'? To the movies. We're going to the movies?