They'd been married a little over a year. Remember the plane crash that killed richard billings, the real estate mogul? The press called him the west coast's donald trump. Well,andrew was billings's lawyer and one of the four others also killed. They were at 30,000 feet when the blowout occurred. Passengers and pilots passed out in just seconds. Died a few minutes later from oxygen deprivation. The autopilot sailed their ghost ship out to sea, where it ran out of fuel and crashed. It's not such a bad way to go, really...quick,painless. Except maybefor the four others. Tough to die with somebody famous because their death is the only one everybody remembers. Well,almost everybody. The hard truth,the hardest of all, maybe, is that behind everybody we love lies the inevitability of their loss. But that knowledge doesn't make it any easier when they're gone, and you're left alone, trying to come to terms with what's lost. - you told me to be patient. - Sarah... you said let the ntsb investigate. And if they didn't find anything, you'd look into it. What if they're right? Do you know how often a fatal plane crash occurs in this country? One in every 4 million departures. Billings was receiving death threats. Then a few weeks later,his plane goes down? You think that's a coincidence? I'm not even sure we have jurisdiction. Yeah,the plane was based in santa monica, it crashed in the pacific. I doubt anybody's gonna fight us on it. I just don't think-- if your wife was killed, you'd wanna know why. Right? You owe me this much. Both of you. Hey,carolyn. Who's that? Her name's sarah carver. What's she doingwith lewis and raines? Her husband was killed when richard billings' plane crashed. As of this morning, they ruled the crash an accident. Okay,so she's a widow? I'm gonna pretend you didn't just say that. What? You think it's too soon? I think I'm losing the small bitof respect I had for you. And I think you should forget about her. Why's that? Because you wanna keep me all to yourself? Sarah's raines' ex-wife. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Raines Season 01 Episode 07</font> she's wrong. You don't owe her anything. No,that's not why I want this case. Oh,come on,michael,this isn't about a case. This is about a woman who needs closure, and I'm a captain who needs his best detective here solving murders, not investigating something the ntsb has already¡ª who don't conduct criminal investigations. Has already decided was an accident. There's also the conflict of interest to consider. Why don't you tell me what's really bothering you about this. Okay. Do you remember what you were like when she left? I should've bought stock in jim beam. I can't have you going through that again. Not on top of everything else. Everything else? I'm sorry, were you speaking to me just then or were you talking to yourself? Um,it's been almost,uh,four years since she left. And those feelings are dead. You're not the only cop in L.A. No,but I'm the only one who'll do it right. How's it hanging,guy? Uh,just--just fine,thanks. Word is you're investigating your ex-wife's husband's death. How'd you get saddled with that? I volunteered,actually. Wow,you're a better man than I. I'd have told her to go stick it. How kind of you. But maybe I can give you a hand. I take it you don't mean that literally. Not this second,no. While I appreciate the offer, I'd rather handle this one solo, if it's all the same to you. You sure about that? Yeah,very sure. Never been so sure of anything in my entire life. Then why am I here? I don't know... andrew. And I don't imagine you can tell me. I need everything you can find on richard billings: Projects,threats,wife,lovers,enemies,competitors. Anything that might providea motive for tampering with his plane. You take the ntsb: What wentwrong with the plane? Why? Who might be to blame? Every aspect of the crash,pilots,mechanics,everything. No problem,boss. And me,I'm gonna start at andrew carver's office. I like that. - Hey,what's the nt-- - national transportation safety board. Thanks. I never could please her the way you did. You know,physically. She always talked about what an attentive lover you were. And how pathetic is it that you're actually making me say this? This doesn't have to be personal. Let's just figure out what happened,shall we? What happened is you're a workaholic, emotionally distant, and sarah couldn't take it. I meant what happened with the crash. The crash? Oh,come on. You're only working this case as an excuse to get close to her. Hey,if you recall,she came to me. You actually think you'll solve the case, save the day,and win her back,don't you? That's ridiculous. My interests here are purely professional. Try being a little less defensive. I'm not defensive. Saying you're not defensiveis being defensive. She had to marry a lawyer. Marshall brekken. Raines,lapd. As you know,I'm looking into the circumstances surrounding a plane crash that killed one of your colleagues,andrew carver. Well,that was three months ago. - I'm aware. - So why now? Has new information surfaced? Not yet,no. Well,however I can help. In what capacity was andrew working for billings? He was overseeing contracts and negotiations for richard. Was your firm aware that billings' life was being threatened? We were. But we'd been told that the threats were being handled within his organization. Aside from his associations with billings, was there anything that might have made andrew a target? Bad blood,debts,shady associates? No. You sure? You didn't know andrew. Enlighten me. He got into college on a baseball scholarship, paid his way through law school bartending, and still finished in the top ten of his class at usc. Don't cop that attitude, it's a better school than you think. And top ten is top ten. Detective? Go on,I'm fascinated. He made partner at 33. Worked hard,was in shape,recently married. Always took care of the people around him. And marched for greenpeace and was a volunteer fireman,right? Selling andrew as a choirboy doesn't help me. I need to know what might've gotten him killed. Objection. Leading. He never had a losing client who held a grudge? Andrew didn't make a habit of losing. What about his personal relationships? Anyone in this firm will attest to his character. How would you characterize his marriage? He was very much in love. No chance he was,uh,messing around? Objection! Relevance? I don't see how that's relevant. It's called jealousy. I'm guessing that it pays a fair amount of the bills around here. No. What about her? This is absurd. What's absurd is that your friend, an esteemed colleague,is dead. And you can't contribute a single useful fact to this investigation. Andrew didn't love working for billings, but he did what he had to. And the money the account brought in freed us up to do other things. Yes,yes,you guys are doing real charity work over here. Drew wasn't perfect. But he was a great guy. And you can't imagine how hard it is to have him gone. Now,if you have some real questions, I'm happy to help. But if your intention is to try and smear the man's memory... do it somewhere else. What? Oh,now I can't even have a conversation with myself? Sure you can,just pull out your phone and pretend you're talking to a real person. What's your problem-- I mean,my problem--I mean¡ª you don't think some of those questions were slightly inappropriate? Nobody ever volunteers,"the guy was a wife beater, and I'm glad he's dead." Romanticized memories don't help. You just don't want to accept that I wasn't some rich schmuck lawyer. I'd be happy to,if I heard something that made me think otherwise. I thought you just did. Billings was lobbying city council to use eminent domain to seize and tear down almost 100 housesin bell gardens, southeast of downtown. A report said he was attempting to position the land as a site for a new football stadium. Great,so there wereonly a few hundred people who wanted this guy dead. Find out who was spearheading the protest. What else? Billings' wife,angelina,is an actress. Really? Anything I'd know? She played drake van houghton's wife on paradise island. Right. Anyway. She,uh,inherited the bulk of his considerable assets. Let's do a full profile on,uh, the no doubt extremely talented mrs.Billings. And one carlton hayworth replaced billings as ceo. I'm trying to get him to come down here for an interview, but his secretary keeps stonewalling me. Really? Next time you call, make sure the secretary understands how embarrassing it is when cops show up at the ceo's office. Uh,permission to speak freely,soldier. Okay,the plane was returning to santa monica from sacramento. And apparently they lost radio contact around modesto. National guard planes scrambled out of fresno, visually confirmed that the plane's windows were iced, and that there was a lack of cabin movement. Did the ntsb comment on the chances of foul play? Oh,yeah,absolutely. They said that if you were gonna sabotage a plane, that a valve or a seal would be a good way to go. Because,you know,between the,um... how hard the plane hits... the impact's force? Yeah,and the,uh,water deepness? Ocean's depth? Right,there's almost no sign of wreckage. So,can't prove sabotage. And no way to prove there wasn'T. Who was the head mechanic in charge of billings's plane? Craig fuhlman,detective. Been head of operations for the last three years. What does that entail,exactly? Maintenance,parts,scheduling,personnel,you name it. So you oversaw the work on billings's plane? I dropped out of college when I was 19. Got my training as a mechanic. The first plane I ever worked on was billings' cessna citation. I've known the man nearly half my life. So,yeah,I oversaw the work on his plane. What happened? Wish I knew. Flow valve,seal-- it's hard to say. The ntsb cleared your outfit. It doesn't matter what the ntsb said. What do you mean? Whatever happened,it's because we missed something. Well,you think a member of your team, uh,might have been at fault? Well,we were cleared,but... doesn't mean we don't all feel the loss. One way or another,we'll always wonder what happened. I know that billings was heading back from sacramento when the plane went down. Is it possible that somebody up there tampered with it, or... I suppose,though I don't know why they'd have reason. Detective boyer speaking. Yeah,this is raines. I need you to go up to sacramento and interview the mechanics that handled billings's plane. You're joking,right? No,a joke would be if I said I'm really glad to have you on this case. Sacramento's like a six-hour drive. Yeah,drive up today,you can be back tomorrow. And,uh,when you come back,I hope you've changed. We were happy. You don't know. I'm sure you were. But things change,mike. She'd moved up. It's about finding the place that fits. This place just fit her better. It's a nice place. Don't start this again. Start what again? No,no,I-I'M... I was merely commenting on what a nice home you had. - Really? - Yeah,of course. Why? W-what'd you think I meant? Never mind. You're not gonna feel better about yourself until she's in tears,are you? I just thought that you always hated that andrew was a lawyer. You resented that he made money doing a job that you considered insignificant. Hey,you--you said it. So you just meant "nice house." Yeah,I did. Fine. How can I help? I was curious about whether you and andrew were ever subjected to threats. They were directed primarily to billings and his family. Oh,I see. Uh,did andrew ever talk about who he thought might be behind them,anybody specific? No. Had he hired anybody to look into it? I don't know. Did you talk to billings' people about all this? Of course not. Um,uh,we're working on it. Billings' wife? I'm trying to gather information about the threats before confronting a possible suspect. Look,if I knew anything, I would've told you at the station. Andrew didn't talk about it. Hated bringing work home with him. That must've been a nice change for you. Don't do this. This isn't about us,michael. No,it's not. It seems to be about billings cheating people out of their homes, and your husband helping him to do it. But what would you care, as long as it provided you with,uh,all this. I knew it. Unbelievable. How could you have been this naive? Didn't you realize what they were doing? It wasn't illegal. No. But,uh,that doesn't make it right. So you think they deserve to die. No,but it looks like somebody did. I'm sensing some anger from you,my dear. Some anger? I resent people for being alive. Including you. Get out of my house and go do your job. - hi,I'm with lapd. - License and registration. I'm just headed up to sacramento to conduct interviews regarding a high-profile murder investigation. You know how fast you were going? I was trying to get her up over 100. I clocked you at 96. Like I said,an ordinary citizen might have trouble controlling a vehicle at that speed, but,uh,as a fellow officer of the law¡ª you should follow its constructs even more rigorously. Set an example. Okay,much as I appreciate your attempt at guidance, uh,we both know you're not actually gonna write me a ticket. So,if you'd just hand me back my documents, go back to bustin' balls, I'm gonna go ahead and handle my interviews, see if I can't help solve a real crime,okay,pal? Okay,pal. She's right,you're making this personal. It's affecting the investigation. What do you know? Everything you do. Including that there were four other people on that plane. Any of them could've been a target. Right,so why are you only seeing him? Damn it,stephen, didn't you check the valve control before takeoff? We definitely should've stopped after the fifth martini. So this is what I getfor being hot? - I have to be the big shot's assistant. - ****So incompetent, - I mean is it really that hard to fly a plane? - Shut up,shut up,shut up. All right,the ntsb ruled out pilot error, so unless somebody was trying to kill you guys, you can't help me. You worked for billings, which means he knew as much as you did,if not more. So you can't help me either. What about me? I was the one receiving death threats. I am this investigation. Okay,fine,you can stay,but you three have gotta go. Excuse me,why does he get to stay? 'Cause he may still have some important information about the threats. Yeah,but haven't you pretty much figured out that he doesn't? Well,how many of the rest of you were sleeping with my wife? That's very funny. H-h-hands down. so...where we going? I'm going to your house,mr.Billings. who's this guy? Raines,lapd. I'm here to speak with angelina billings. Do you have an appointment? No,I have a badge. Hey,this is,uh,detective raines. He's here to talk about richard. Imagine a society where people just show up at your door. No phone call,no nothing. I'll be inside if you need me. He seems underdressed for a butler. And you seem overdressed for a cop. What can you tell me about the threats made against your husband's life? Broken windows,slashed tires,protests. It wasn't the first time. Did the two of you discuss them? Did he hire anybody to investigate? Are you,uh,purposely ignoring me? Are you married,detective? Divorced. Then you of all people should understand the lack of communication that sometimes exists within a marriage. So you didn't discuss them? He claimed to have hired someone to look into it. Didn't say who? For all I know,he was lying to put my mind at ease. Was that a common occurrence? Richard putting my mind at ease? No. Lying to you. How does one keep a happy marriage without the occasional white lie? I never lied to my ex. Maybe you should have. How would you characterize your marriage, mrs. Billings? We both got what we needed. Do I need to explain further? I wouldn't be much of a detective if you did. What do you knowabout planes? That they crash. - I don't mean to be presumptive-- - then don'T. But you don't appear to feel too broken up about all this. I might be if I felt anything at all. That's,uh,that's healthy. Right,figments of your imagination are floating in her pool,and she's unhealthy. When you've lost someone you loved, then you can judge me. Until then,you'll pardon me if I tell you to go to hell. But have a good day. Yeah,uh,carolyn,it's raines. Have lance examine the records of all calls made to and from angelina billings. You think she had a part in this? Right now,I'd say that mrs.Billings is auditioning for the role of lead suspect. Also,I'm gonna need the background materials on the rest of the crash victims. Oh,carlton hayworth, the guy who took over billings' company, is being taken into interrogation. Detective... raines. Carlton hayworth,pleasure. Now,detective,I realize you have a job to do. - But if you could keep this brief-- - tell me about billings. Toughest businessman I ever met. He was my mentor,a real shark. He had an uncanny knack for playing the right angles. Though his latest venture had received some opposition. Well,when you're in the hostile acquisitions game, you tend to acquire enemies proportionate to your successes. So from the number of death threats billings had received, I'll assume you were quite successful. Death threats? Please,detective. If you're not getting death threats in this line of work,you're the b team. If this was par for the course, why had billings hired somebody to investigate? Do you have to do that? I don't know. But he did. Ex-cop,I believe,joe something, last name starts with a P. Joe podalski? So,hey,I get a phone call saying that the great michael raines needs podalski's help. So you bathed in cologne, and slicked a tub of crisco through your hair, put on your best suit,and here you are. Oh,pretty much. You know,these people in the private sector, they kind of expect the stereotype. You know,I look the part,I get more work. So,what can i do for you,raines-y? Uh,I'm,uh,looking into the plane crash that killed richard billings. Word is he'd hired you to investigate death threats that he'd received. Which is obviously why he's now dead. Well,you know,I'm not supposed to divulge that kind of information. Joe,the guy's dead. I don't think he'll mind. Yes,yes,all right. He did hire me, but it wasn't about the death threats. Billings thought there was a mole in his operation that was leaking information about his impending land grab. Really? What'd you find out? What happened? Well,billings was killed,I was let go. How sure was billings of the mole? Sure enough to hire me. Where'd you look? From the outside in. Whoever organized those protest rallies had intimate knowledge of the land grab. And of billings' where abouts on every single day. If the plane was sabotaged, you think the mole could've been responsible? Well,if they found out I was hired, and they didn't want it coming back to them,sure. And I've got my people checking protesters now. Whoever was passionate enough to execute the rallies might've hated billings enough to kill him. Well,either way,you've got motive,right? When you find them,you should have a leg to stand on. Let me know if you come up with anything,all right? If I can be of any help,please... you can take the guy out of the precinct, but you can't take the precinct out of the guy,huh,joe? Yeah,something like that. Oh,and,um,hey... sorry to hear about charlie. That's nice of you to say,thank you. They were using a political loophole to acquire the land cheap, move people out, and build a football stadium. L.A. Could use a football stadium. This wasn't about football,it was about money. People with power screwing people without it. You see,I know I shouldn't have given you this case. Are you saying this because of what andrew did to the public, or what he did to your ex... you calling me unprofessional? No,I'm calling you a guy, which is exactly what I was afraid of. You know,he wasn't such a bad person. How do you know? We all went out once. You bastard. What? I feel like I've been cheated on. You didn't go to bucciano's,did you? I can't believe this. You're a friend-whore. A friend-whore? What's that even mean? Hey,you're the friend-whore,you tell me. Hey,sarah's here. - Hi. - Hi. I called the station,carolyn told me you were here. Oh,you know,perfect timing, I see,'cause I was just gonna...go. I'll see you at work? You got the tab? - Bye. - Bye. How's it going? Uh,not bad--a few suspects,a couple leads. I knew it. But there's no evidence,sarah. Circumstance and suspects aside, you need to prepare yourself that even if this was sabotage, I came here to-- to apologize. For earlier. Past few monthshave been... I don't sleep,I can't work. You can't imagine how hard it is to lose someone like this. Well,you're not the only person who's lost somebody,you know. Oh,god,of course... charlie. But you're not only talking about me, were you,mike? how's it been,being back at work without him? Little tough. Really,michael,I'm sorry. I know how much he meant to you. He was the one person that you could confide in. Wasn't like that. Charlie just knew better than to ask. So... he enabled you? To be the best damn cop in L.A. We didn't have to talkabout it. We were the same,he and I. Amen,brother. And don't you forget that. Really,michael,how are you? Fine,I suppose. You seeing anyone? Go ahead,tell her. Oh,on occasion. But nothing too serious? It,um,varies. You know,I-I don't know if I'm too comfortable having this conversation with you. It's okay,you don't have to talk about it. Sarah,if I wasn't there for you as much as I should've been,it's not, uh,'cause I didn't want to be. It's okay. I know. No,I don't think you do. I never told you. To do this job,to find a dead baby in a dumpster, and know you gotta come back tomorrow and do the whole thing all over again... once you let yourself feel anything, you can't help but feel everything. But you do feel it,michael,I know you do. That's what makes you a great cop. No,it's controlling those emotions that makes me a great cop. But a lousy husband. I should go. No,no,no,you can stay. Here,here,have,uh,have a drink. Thanks,but I... I'm really exhausted. You let me know if you find anything? Good night,michael. Tough to watch her leave,isn't it? Every time. My god,this mattress is awful. How do you get any reston this thing? It's the same one he had when he was married. He just can't bring himself to get rid of it. so who is he? rodrigo quinero. Arrested twice in connection with these protests. Plead guilty for failure to disperse. Unsuccessfully tried for criminal conspiracy. He was handing out baseball bats to protesters. Look at this. Wrong place,wrong time. Looks like an angry guy. I'd love to meet him. I thought you might. We tracked him down where he's working, but he's refusing to come in. Says we can go down there, we wanna talk to him so badly. Where's he work? Rodrigo quinero? I'm detective raines,lapd. Got a minute? For what? Your swing needs work,see, you're dropping your shoulder. you came out here to tell me that? I came out here because that picture was taken at the santa monica airport. They already arrested me for this. That was before billings's plane was sabotaged. Sabotaged? How are you getting your information? I can put you at the scene of the crime wielding a baseball bat. You knew when he flew,the jet he flew in, and this doesn't get better until you tell me what I want to know. - I didn't touch his plane. - Maybe not, but the kind of guy who hands out weapons to protesters wouldn't mind recruiting somebody else to. You wanna charge me,go ahead. Otherwise,I got work to do. I know about your family,rodrigo. Chavez ravine,1959. You watched your parents forcefully evicted from their home,handcuffed,dragged away. And it didn't stop there,did it? My parents were immigrants. After they arrested them, they deported them. But you were born here, so you were allowed to stay. Yes. You were,what,five years old? And I'll bet you still remember what it felt like. 50 years of anger. Chip on your shoulder the size of dodger stadium. No wonder you were distributing baseball bats. Look,I'm trying to keep good people from losing their homes. What do you want from me,detective? I know that somebody in billings's camp was leaking you information-- I need a name. I have enough here to book you. The man you were harassing is dead. Unless you point me in another direction, I'm gonna use my considerable energies to amass a case to prove that you sabotaged that plane. Fine. Enjoy prison. Lots of good your efforts will do anybody from there. He provided the logistics. I informed the press. Organized the rallies. His name,rodrigo. You better have a really good reason for bringing me down here again,detective. I do,actually,mr.Hayworth. Rodrigo asked me to say hi. So let's try this again. This time save the "he was a mentor" crap for somebody who cares. You wanted him out,didn't you? Corporate america is about survival of the fittest. Billings was out of shape. You back-stabbing little bastard. You wanted his job. If the land deal faltered, you'd have reason to get him out. It's just business. Billings knew about the leak. He just wasn't sure of the source. That's why he hired podalski. You panicked,afraid he'd trace it back to you. So you paid somebody to sabotage billings's plane. You fired podalski before he found anything. That's just not true. He's lying. I've subpoenaed the mechanic's financial records along with yours. I'm betting one of them had money coming in. Won't be difficult to link their deposits to your withdrawals. I want my attorney. Hello? Uh,is this,uh,foghat? Oh,yeah,sorry about that. - Hey. - Did you find anything in sacramento? The plane was only there a few hours. The mechanics had no interaction with it. It was pre-fueled for the entire trip. And there were no maintenance logs. Hello? Raines? how'd I do this time? 104,congratulations. How'd the interviews go? Dead ends. Mm,that's a shame. Whole trip for nothing. Hayworth's lawyer just showed up. Uh...did you offer him a beverage? Unless you've got something,michael, he's gonna walk. I know,I need to make a connection to a mechanic. Give me five more minutes. In five minutes,he's gonna own you,me,and the station. Let's go. - You let him go,he'll be on a jet-- - and extradition's a bitch. Five minutes. Two,tops. Lance! How much do you love me? Did you find something to link hayworth to one of the mechanics? No. Then...not so much. I found a different link to a mechanic. Remember how you asked me to look into angelina billings' phone records? Well,she received a number of phone calls in the months before,around,after the accident, all belonging to the same mobile number. Belonging to craig fuhlman. Fuhlman is head of operations for the company that handles billings's plane. He could've been calling to schedule maintenance, deal with invoices¡ª he also sent flowers to the billings address not long after the crash. He'd know billings for 15 years. I'll bet hayworth sent flowers. Hey,we probably sent something. Possibly,but by then I was curious, so I did some poking around into fuhlman. This is a flight manifest for a trip he took to cabo san lucas two months before the crash. Hayworth isn't on it,neither are we. But guess who is. You love me. I know. Angelina billings... the grieving widow by the pool. Sorry to drag you away from your pool,mrs.Billings. Tell me about the affair. - I don't know what you're-- - talking about? This is the manifest for a flight six months ago from lax to cabo san lucas. Here you are,3a. Here's craig fuhlman,3b. Now,tell me about the affair. Unbelievable,she was doing the mechanic. Richard was a very powerful man. He felt the need to stray. We talked about it,came to an arrangement. I used craig to get back at richard. I'm sure that's how it started. But then maybe you developed feelings for craig? - Decided you'd be happier with him. - No. I know that you signed a prenup. Divorce richard,you get nothing. But if he's killed? Are you accusing me of killing my own husband? This is motive. And we know that craig had the opportunity. You could've just left richard, but there was no way that you'd be happy living on a mechanic's salary. Just like sarah couldn't live on a cop'S. How long were you seeing him? Only a few months. And then I broke it off. Why? I thought it would make me feel better about richard's indiscretions. It didn'T. Have you talked to him since the crash? He called. I never responded. Was craig in love with you? Probably. Yes. Do you think craig might have done this? I still think you might have done this. I know my marriage wasn't perfect,detective. No,no,no,no,a no-hitter isn't perfect, but at least it's close. Your marriage was a disaster. - Once richard found out about the affair-- - wait a minute, he knew that you were sleeping with fuhlman? He didn't know who,he just knew I was. But it changed things,I don't know why. Richard stopped sleeping around. We were working things out. There was love between us. Right,and now you're so distraught with his death that three months later, you're already seeing somebody else. What? You expect me to believe that that guy at your house was what,uh,the pool boy? No,detective,but I do expect you to believe that he's my brother. She busted you pretty good. Oh,I'm so glad that you were here to see that and that you felt the need to bring it up. You never ask a question... that you don't know the answer to. Now why don't we talk about something else? Okay. You think she's lying? Of course she is. I don't know. Maybe she's not such a bad actress. I heard she was pretty good on that show paradise island. Call me if I can help. Angie! We need to talk. It's good to see you. You need to stop trying to contact me. The police have been asking questions about richard. They think I have something to do with his death. But that's crazy. You know that,and I know that. But they don't know that. They think we're in on this together. They don't realize that what we had was just a fling. but it wasn'T. of course it was,you never really loved me. yes,it was. You don't love me,craig. You're young,inexperienced. You don't even know what real love is. you're just inexperienced. You don't know what real love is. What that feels like. How can you say that? We had some fun,but that's all it was. We had fun. You were never gonna be the person that I'd spend the rest of my life with. You're not the man I want to spend the rest of my life with. You weren't good enough for me. Don't do this to yourself. you couldn't have kept me happy. You have no idea what I'm capable of. just let it go,move on. You and I'll never be anything again. And there's nothing you can say to change that. That's it,man,let it go,just move on. there's nothing you can say to change that. I killed him,ange. the plane crash... I engineered it. That's why I wanted to see you. That's what I've been trying to tell you. Weeks before the crash, I replaced the baggage floor panel. I layered it with sulfuric acid. That's what blew out. That's why the plane crashed. I did it for you. For us. So we could be together. Son of a bitch. - I had to have you. - You killed my husband? But I'm in love with you. Angie! That's it,that's it. you don't understand. She was the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen. The thought of her being with anyone else drove me crazy. And he didn't even appreciate her. Richard didn't deserve her. Richard billings may not have been the greatest guy to ever walk the face of the earth, but he certainly didn't deserve to die for his indiscretions. Well,I guess that's about as good as I'll get. well,I watched him. Every week a different girl. Flying them to hawaii,mexico. Lying to angie. Craig,you killed four completely innocent people. I know. Including jamison wallace. He was the pilot. He lived in orange county with his wife of 33 years. He had a 12-foot sailboat. Two years ago,his oldest son gave him a grandchild. He was a grandfather for the very... very first time. Stephen arnette was the copilot. He'd only gotten his pilot's license a few years ago. He spent eight years driving trucks. That's how he earned the money for flying lessons. Billings' assistant kara had just graduated from ucla. She lived in westwood with her three best friends. She'd lost her parents when she was very young. Her friends were all she had. They took up a collection to pay for her funeral. They managed to get more than enough. She was very much loved. And the fourth was andrew carver. He was successful,well-liked,caring. And recently married. He lived with his wife in a beautiful home. They were getting ready to start a family. Hey. Congratulations on grabbing fuhlman. That's why you put me on the case,right? You tell sarah yet? No. Well,she should be pleased. I imagine she will. You okay? Yeah,fine. Liar. Friend-whore. Good night,michael. Good night,daniel. Rough deal,you getting killed because of billings. I didn't have to work for him. Maybe that's what I get. Karma. You were doing your job. It's not your fault. You don't have to be the nice guy. It's natural to have animosity towards me. I understand. It's not about who you were. It's about you you were with. Which makes it my problem,not yours. Well,that's very gracious of you. I suppose. Though the fact that I'm complimenting myself does cheapen it a bit. They aren't true,you know. Those things that you said at the surveillance van. It isn't that you weren't good enough for her. What difference does it make? I'm divorced,you're dead. And that's the way it is. Because it's important that you understand why I'm here. Well,I am growing a bit confused, considering I solved the case. What case? The plane crash? Yeah,of course,the plane... you appeared before any of the others. You're still here now. This whole thing, it wasn't about sarah needing closure,was it? No,michael. She still loves you,you know. Always will. Yeah,just not the way she loved you. It doesn't help,does it? Knowing what happened,having a reason. I thought it might,but... I'm sorry,sarah. I know how difficult this is. It's not the same as losing charlie,michael. No,it's not. Michael? I know what you're looking for. Some sort of closure. Something to ease your pain. But closure doesn't exist. You're gonna feel this in some form or another forever because that's how it feels... when you lose the love of your life. And even if you could wake up tomorrow and not feel this pain, you wouldn't really want that either. Because that hurt is the most sure reminder you have of what he truly meant to you. And that,you won't ever want to forget. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â