tent in some dangerous woods. So what do you do? You buy a gun. What better way to protect your castle, right? You buy a gun, and you keep it loaded somewhere close by. And you go to sleep at night feeling secure that hey, anybody wants to break into my house, I'll, you know, bust a cap in their asses or something. Whatever. But then you get in the moment, and you're faced with actually shooting this person, this interloper in your home. And the gun's shaking in your hands. And you're really gonna do this thing. Really. And bam, just like that, they take your gun away. And then they shoot you with it. Because a: They're not quite as circumspect as you when it comes to the vagaries of human existence. And then you're this, this nice lady dead on the coffee table with no head. (Boyer) shotgun casings looks like a 20 gauge. Smaller bore. Less recoil. Homedefense for the modern woman. Still makes a hell of a mess. Hey, boyer, you might wanna watch your step there. Yeah, let's try to avoid tracking bits of the victim all over her living room, okay, everybody? Man, she is everywhere. Vic's connie webb, 34. Her husband is-- lionel webb. I know him. L. A. Criminal judge. Best there is. (Boyer) that guy hates me. Every time I'm in his courtroom, he dings me for some little procedural thing, makes me look like a jerk. Remi boyer missing a procedural beat? I'm shocked. I have to lay down. I'm dizzy. Yeah, joke it up just 'cause you two are homeboys. That time he ruled against you, you were in a crap mood for weeks after that. I was irritated because of the ruling. He was right. Did I seriously just hear you refer to us as homeboys? Anyway, webb came home from the golf trip, found her like this, confirms the shotgun he bought for home defense is missing. Mossberg persuader, pump action 20 gauge. So she hears someone milling around downstairs, grabs the shotty. He takes it, pops her. Gets spooked and bails? (Lance) forced entry on the kitchen window, looking for drugs maybe, pharmaceuticals, (raines) maybe. Oh! A little art project. Must not have been in too big a hurry. (Boyer) 1488, what's that, like, a date? White supremacist code. 14 is the first 14 words of the aryan credo. "We must secure the existence of our people and the future of white children. " (Raines) catchy, isn't it? And the 88? Eighth letter of the alphabet. Twice h H. H, h? Hugh... hefner! Heil, hitler, boyer. Excuse me for noticing, she happens to be white. Her husband just sentenced the leader of a aryan brotherhood to life in pelican bay, contract hits. Trying to start a race war. So what, someone comes to hit the judge, slipped up, got the wife instead? Maybe. Or a signal for the troops. If this is the first shot of a race war, better put on a smock. It's gonna get a whole lot bloodier. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-cflily -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> RAINES Season 01 Episode 05</font> He stood up in the stand and condemned us to death, michael. Called me a race traitor. Pawn of the zionist-occupied government. You didn't think he'd make good on it? You know how it is. If trial judges circle the wagons every time somebody threatens us, we would never get anything done. And I'd heard it all before, but levay, he was like a trapped animal. Clawing and spitting. It was crazy. Yeah, michael, I worried about it. And that's why you bought the shotgun? Yes... oh, god! Connie. I never should have left her alone, michael. Wish you'd gotten a chance to meet her. She was just fearless. Never even blinked. Told me not to worry about her, she could take care of herself. She insisted that I stick to my guns. She believed in me, michael. Michael... levay took away the only woman I will ever love. I want that son of a bitch to die for what he did. Do you understand me? Yeah, I know. Is it possible, do you have a picture of-- that I could see of connie? It would help me know better who she was. Yeah. You, okay? Yeah, it's my back. Car accident last spring. Never really heals. The stress. You know, we shoulda had you over for dinner, michael. We always talked about it. It just seemed like there would always be time, you know? She woulda liked you. (Connie) this is a much better look for me, don't you think? Any image of you where you still have a head is a good one as far as I'm concerned. The picture was old. I'm surprised this thing still fits. But it looks okay, right? Sheriff's department knew about the threats. They were responsible for security. They could have posted a car. You know it doesn't work that way, michael. Can't protect everyone all the time. These people are animals. You can't show fear. Besides, you know how lionel is. Tough judge. You said it. So you were caught in the crossfire of a war that you had nothing to do with. It certainly seems that way, doesn't it? Okay, the press was in love with webb over the aryan brotherhood trial, so I don't need to tell you that they're all over this. What do we got? (Boyer) we've got no prints. No hairs, no fibers. The shooter used the victim's gun in the hit. And then took it with, so no ballistics. We don't know this was a hit yet. (Boyer) sure looks like a hit, cap. Yeah, okay, tell me about this levay idiot? Jerome bryant levay, 33 years old, in and out of the prison system since he was 15. Assault, theft, conspiracy murder, arson, hate crime statutes. He's at twin towers pending transfer to the shu at pelican bay. Okay, would he have enough juice to pull a hit? From behind bars this quickly? The fed cracked down on brand leaders, left a power vacuum at the higher level, so levay might be stepping up. It could be a power play, show he's the man. To get the shooter to roll on levay, we're gonna have to offer something up in return. These guys don't do nothing for free. We have to find the shooter first, but thank you, boyer. Let's work the aryan angle as a priority. Keep your eyes open for other possibilities. I'm gonna go talk to levay. You really think you could get anything out of this guy? I have my charms. Five minutes, I'll have this guy eating out of my hand. I am gonna kill you, you zionist bitch! Just like I killed that whore! Beg me for mercy! Beg me now, pig! You mentioned that a few times already. And maybe later, for the begging. Um, but first help me get this straight, you ordered a hit on the judge's wife as a call to arms? A wake-up call for my aryan brothers! That was just the beginning. The war is on now, pigs! Let the mud races behold the gathering storm and tremble! Aah! Come on! [Grunting] (Connie) that went well. I didn't exactly expect the guy to roll over and confess. Well, it's a good thing. It's called detective work. I'm detecting. So? Did he kill me or not? I couldn't tell whether that guy was just jerking me around or whether he's really that far off his nut. Either way no confession of his is gonna stand up in court. So what do we do now? Start with known associates-- other aryans who had a beef with your husband. 'Cause it's all about him, right? Somebody wants to get back at him, so they come after me. It happens. But why did it happen to me? Killing a judge is one thing, but coming after his family, that makes a statement: "We're not playing games. " [Cell phone rings] Yeah. Yes! Good news? Lewis thinks that he may have found your shooter. They're in contingent, holed up near oakwood. Derelict building being used as a clubhouse. Clubhouse, wow. They have a secret handshake? I don't know, maybe you can ask them that after you smash down their door. Why do we like these guys for the shooters? Neighborhood tipster called in saying one of them got belligerent drunk, started waving around a shiny new shotgun showing it off to the boys. How many inside? Possibly four. Could be as many as six. With shotguns? You sure this isn't a S. W. A. T. Call, cap? S. W. A. T. 'S gonna stand by on the perimeter in case things get ugly, boyer, but I want a small team making entry because I don't want this thing to turn into waco 2, okay? Yes, sir. Don't worry, boyer. I'll protect you. [Girlie laugh] Let's move before this guy vanishes. Police! Don't move! We're clear! I got the runners. Place is clear. I think the shot caller's the one with the mustache. Weapons? One of them had a stiletto. No guns yet. (Raines) keep lookin'. Hey, I think I found the basement. [Cocks gun] [Groans] [Screaming in pain] Where does it hurt ? Which one of you killed connie webb? Was it your buddy? Maybe it was one of your soldiers, a shame we had to put so many bullets in him. Because now if he dies, it all becomes about you, right? My brother's gonna die? Wait a minute. Brother-brother? Or like a white-power brother? Is he okay or not? I'll tell you what, you tell me something that doesn't totally waste my time, and then I'll give you some information about your brother. He didn't kill me. Shh! What? Shh--shh. I wanna know who took the order from levay on the webb hit? If you think anybody anywhere's taking orders from levay, you're as delusional as he is. Guy's a nut job. Got all crazy religious with it. He's a joke. He didn't kill that bitch. And nobody killed on his mandate, okay? Hey! What about my brother? Well, you've still got other family, right? (Raines) lance, you okay? No, yeah. I'm fine. You don't have to be here, you know? You could take a day or two. I'm okay. (Boyer) yo! What's up, deadeye? One for the asian assassin. Boyer. (Boyer) yeah? Boyer! First one. Boyer! The next time you clear a room, do me a favor, okay? Make sure the room is actually clear. Now I gotta deal with the ada, fid, iad, props and standards, the media, and lewis, why? Because somebody didn't bother to peek in a closet. Bear claw? Oh, the biker's alibis check out for the night of the webb shooting. Drunk tank, culver city. And also the biker's shotgun was a 12-gauge, doesn't match our shooter's 20, so... (lance) boyer! - Yeah? - Boyer! What about the guy I shot? He's critical, but stable. Memorial. The bullet perfed the intestines. He's septic. It'll be a nasty recovery. [Laughs] Which is good. Come on. Buy you a doughnut. That's fresh brewed. Hey, your friend's holding another press conference. (Lionel) I know my wife would insist that I continue my quest for justice. I believe that I can best uphold her legacy by persevering in my drive for a safe los angeles. This tragedy has instilled in me a renewed conviction... his wife's murder's not slowing him down much, is it? To rid our streets of those who would terrorize us and abuse the freedoms that are granted to us. My wife, she would want that. She would demand justice. Fair, blind, and unrelenting. The outgoing of sympathy and support has been, um, overwhelming. (Connie) so who are you gonna believe? What do you mean? Well, you've got one guy practically desperate to take the credit for killing me, and another who says there's no way. Only one of them can be right. Yeah, both choices putrid. I'm gonna have to go with marcus. Why? Why, why? Because marcus has nothing to gain by protecting levay. It's not ideological for him. And because levay does come up as a major, major loon. Well, you would know. Also, everybody saw levay from the stand ranting. The real killer could just point to the scary nazi. It's the perfect deflection. The tv, what were you doing at the press conference? I supported my husband. Stood by him. Trusted him. Yeah, that's exactly what he told me about you. Everything I know about you I got from lionel. But that isn't necessarily me, is it? The way this works is I'm supposed to pick up on things you let slip, right? So what's slipping, michael? What if it's something else? I'm listening. Lionel is my friend. Maybe it just shouldn't be so much who was trying to hurt him, but who wanted to kill you. Carolyn? Yeah. I need everything on the vic first thing tomorrow. No, not the husband. Connie webb. The personal history, phone records, school records, everything. Yeah, thanks. What were you doing that could have gotten you killed? You sure you won't join me, michael? Hmm, no thank you. I'm still working. What can I tell you about connie? Well, you know, just--just-- just trying to get a better picture of her. So now I'm not a good enough picture for you? She was 24 when I first met her. She was a witness in a drug case I was prosecuting. I took one long look at her, and I just knew, you know what I mean? She had some problems of her own, you know, not such a great family life growing up. She acted like she didn't care what happened to her. Live fast, all that. Intoxicating really. I helped her get her priorities straight. Watched her change herself, gain some pride in who she was. Then you married her? Life can get too perfect, michael. You can have too much. Be too happy. And then god finds out about it and snatches it all away. You know what I mean? Carolyn, what do you got? Uh, connie webb, no job, no kids, did her time at social functions, smiled, not too opinionated. Generally thought of as... wait for it... nice. Nice I can't use. Uh, disturbed, sociopath, mean to old ladies, that's useful, and anything the husband didn't know. There was this one thing. Thing? Give me the thing. I know. She opened up an account at first navy credit union three months ago under her maiden name. Doesn't sound sordid. Cell phone records? Yes, a lot of calls to two different numbers. One to a mitchell parks who owns a salon in west hollywood. - The other is an unknown anonymous cell. - Anonymous? I like that. But it's a pay-as-you-go plan. It's awfully hard to trace unless you do a lot of digging. Have lance start to do the digging. Ah, you got an address on mitchell parks? See-ah! Right, I need all sili numbers sold for cell phones at that store within the last year. Yes, all of them. Right, uh-huh. Yeah, I'll hold. Gun! (Boyer) dexter, where'd you steal this? I'm sorry. I can't help it. It's shiny. He probably pulled it off one of the desks. Oh, god. You really thought that was a gun? Yeah, I thought it was a gun. That's pretty much why I yelled "gun! " At the top of my voice. You do have some serious lungs. You really--you know-- [Imitates lance screaming] It's not funny. I just drilled that guy in front of the entire division. Over a stapler. It's normal. I mean, you shot somebody. It's not, like, an easy thing. Hey, boyer, boyer, boyer. Boyer, please. The last thing that I need right now is sympathy from you, okay? You're standing in front of the coffee machine. But don't shoot me for pointing that out. Yeah, that's more like it. [Laughter] Scared me for a minute there. I loved connie. Define loved. Adored, worshipped, idolized, trusted. Slept with? Sadly, no. The whole time I knew her with the husband, it was always with the depression, the moping. Her hair's dull and lifeless. It's pretty unbearable, really. Then about three months ago, all of a sudden, she's like a new woman. Happy. Glowing. Wow, what changed? She started showing up with this woman. Wait a minute. What are you saying? I'm saying these two had something beautiful going on. Something I'd like to have a video of. Wait, hold on. I got a picture somewhere around here. I shoot everyone who comes in, you know, before and after. Where is it? Check it out. This is her. She never told me exactly what they had going on, but my instincts are pretty keen when it comes to this stuff. A little more time I mighta gotten in there. It's hard to say. Really? My life is strange and wonderful, man. Congratulations. Can you imagine? Um... yeah, I can imagine. (Lionel) if any of this gets out, I'm finished. Okay... but I need to-- I need to know what's gong on. I knew it was a mistake. You hear words like discreet, and you wanna believe them. How did they meet? Connie and I had been married for about nine years. It was just starting to get a little predictable. You know? She was young. I wanted to keep her interested. She had talked about, um... another party being brought into the picture. I thought, And she seemed receptive. Once you get that idea in your head, it's hard to get it out. Tell me about it. No, I mean, tell me about it. We called an escort service. And they sent over this, um, person that you're talking about. We had her over a few times. It was interesting, as you can well imagine, but it didn't feel right, and after a while we stopped doing it. The same woman every time? Yes. What happened? After a few times, we called it off. That was it. I need to know who she was. I need to know her name. I don't know it. I got rid of all that, anything that could tie us to that experience-- lionel. For god's sakes, michael, the man who killed my wife is out there right now. I have to explore all possibilities. That's my job. I have to go to court. One deceased victim's red-hot lesbian lover, right this way. Uh, you found her? How'd you do that? Redialed her phone for six hours till she pretty much couldn't take it anymore. Guaranteed results. Just ask my ex. Uh, where is she? In lewis' office. Did you just primp? What? You primped just now, didn't you? No, I don't think I did. Why, do I not look that good? Men are idiots here. What? It's okay, raines. I'm sure she's just been waiting for the right man to show her the glory of switching teams. I have no idea what you're talking about. Svetlana zhdanov. Did I pronounce that correctly? I've heard it said worse. Say, t-the, uh, indoor recreational smoking, I'm afraid not. I'm gonna have to-- I'll take that from you. [Chuckles] Police make me uncomfortable. Do they really? Your woman detective, Well, we're hoping that you can help us with a murder investigation. That's why we tend to be annoying. And how can I help you, detective raines? Detective? Connie webb, um, two nights ago in her home was murdered. I heard about this. It is very tragic. We have witness information that you and connie were, uh, close. How do you mean this "close? " You were lovers, svetlana. Detective raines, friends, yes. Lovers, no. Our relationship was of entirely different nature. What is the exact nature of your relationship? I was sponsor. (Raines) sponsor? Connie webb was drug addict in recovery. I was sponsor. You see? (Raines) yeah. I, uh, I see. you were connie's sponsor? She was heavy user. Cocaine, yes? Um-hmm. Alcohol. Amphetamines, pills... uh, her husband, the judge, told me about the three of you and your little transaction? Business is business. That is not same thing as love. Uh-huh. So you're what, a call girl? I am sex worker. I make no apologies for this. It is not my choice. I'm not condemning you for it. I'm just trying to understand your relationship with connie webb. Cigarette, please. I was contacted to have date with them as couple. He likes to watch. You understand? So I go back again several more times. One time she offers me drugs to take. Says it helps for her to get in mood for what he wanted. I tell her I'm not interested. I am having birthday, yes? (Raines) birthday? Sober birthday. I am clean and sober 464 days. Congratulations on everything. So the next time I come over she tells me that she wants to stop using. I tell her I can help her if she's serious. I invite her to come to meeting with me. We become friends. She is honest about her problem. Tells me her story. She would have 90 days when she was killed. She would get chip, share her story about how she accomplished this. How did you do this? Is is hard, but she is becoming very, very happy. She's feeling freedom. She says she wants to help me pay off my debt to those who bring me here, so I can feel freedom too. But that is not going to happen, is it? (Connie) disappointed much? (Raines) no, no, those sponsor-addict relationships with all that sincerity, very sexy. But it isn't what got me killed. Well, I can't prove anything. Forensics are kaput. Whoever did this was a pro. And your husband, he didn't have that much to lose by you just being in the program that he'd have done you in. Unless there was something about ya that was particularly bothersome. Is there? You have your moments. Did he think so? No, no, I think he was in love with you. You know, he sure knew about your past, so your using was no big surprise. Maybe I disappointed him. Let him down. He had to take steps to correct my behavior. You were working the steps with svetlana. "We admitted that we were powerless over drugs and alcohol, that our lives had become unmanageable. " Look, just because he couldn't pass a bar without walking in, doesn't mean that-- that he couldn't? Pass the bar. You walk into my courtroom unprepared like this, so help me god I'll slap you both with so many sanctions, you'll swear it's raining contempt in here! You understand me? Sorry to interrupt. Detective raines, is it not painfully obvious I'm in the middle of something here? This can't wait. (Raines) for a friend? Nice tie. You're going to have to excuse me. Michael, Connie had a drug problem. But she was in recovery. And the woman that you brought into your relationship was her sponsor. Ain't that right? That had nothing to do with her death, michael. My god, you saw what they did to her. That was revenge! She wasn't killed for revenge. She was killed to keep a secret. That's ridiculous! I don't-- I've known more than my share of people in recovery. Cops, you know, no shortage of addiction problems. So consider this an intervention. I got to thinking about the 12 steps. And in recovery the way to help yourself is to tell your story. So I'm gonna now tell you my story. I want you off this case, michael! I'm calling daniel right now. I know a thing or two about secrets because I got one of my own. And if anybody found out about my secret, they could boot me off the force, take away my gun, everything that I am, but I don't care about that now. Not if talking about my problem's gonna help you with yours. I see people... who aren't there. I see the victims of the crimes that I'm investigating. Right now in that chair, I see your wife. I see connie. She's counting on me to bring her killer to justice. She's not gonna leave me alone till I do, so you can see where I'm kind of motivated to get it right. - Michael - she's not a ghost. She's in my head, which pretty much makes me certifiable. So I gotta cover for that secret every day. So far I've done okay. I solve a case, they go. We make a deal. How far would you go to keep a secret? Would you kill for it? What in the hell are you talking about? That first time I came to see you, you were in pain. It was your back. You were talking about your car accident. Then the next time I came over, your eyes were sunken and dilated. You were stumbling all around. My wife was murdered in my home, michael. I was in shock. And what better way to deal with shock than pills and booze? You said it yourself, you're crazy! If I didn't believe it before, I do now. Law school 1986, you blew through a red light in berkeley after an orientation. You got popped with a dui. That was 20 years ago. You're a party guy. Everybody knew it. Everybody I talked to last night anyway. So much so that in order to pass the bar, you had to prove that you were in recovery, so you did the 12 steps. You passed the bar with flying colors. Got your job in the da's office. Worked your way up to the bench. Clean and sober. You're married now, so you get connie into a program. Help her through it one day at a time. Until the car accident. And then your back gets really so horribly tweaked that you gotta be on those pain meds. It's not an uncommon way for addicts to fall off, but once you're on the pills, you think, "say, what's a little drinking gonna do? " And then no more recovery. All those chips, all that time put in, gone, gone. Now you're using like crazy. You bring connie back down with ya. You're making questionable decisions, like bringing other parties into the relationship, whereby connie meets svetlana. And with her help she starts cleaning herself up again. But you, you think, "I can be high and still function. " It's different now. I'm running the bench like this. But you're lying to yourself. You're in denial. And worst of all, paranoid. "Connie, she's gonna tell svetlana about my problem. " What's that fifth step? We admit to ourselves, to god, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs. And god only knows who all a russian hooker's gonna tell. If any of this gets out, I'm finished. We've got to get rid of her. " [Lionel crying] (Raines) this is your moment of clarity. Your life has officially become unmanageable. Look at that picture. That's your wife. Somebody blew her head off with a shotgun on your orders in your house. Look at that. No! No! You're wrong! I-I-I wo-- I couldn't hurt her. I could never hurt her. Then tell me who did? I don't know! Yes you do, no more secrets! - Tell me! - I don't know! It was anonymous! I never saw his face. It was just a money drop. And I told him to make it look like aryans. [Lionel continues sobbing] And once it got started, I couldn't stop it! I tried! I tried! I begged them, michael! But it was too late. You gotta understand, michael, this wasn't about me! This wasn't about being disbarred. It was about two years of decisions that could have been overturned. It was about two years of decisions that I made while I was high! I put away murderers, rapists, the most depraved scum society has to endure. What if all those convictions were overturned, over this? All those animals back out on the streets! Don't you understand, this wasn't about me! This was about justice! I've worked my whole life for it. Doesn't that supersede the rest? Isn't that what we're here for? You hired a hit man to kill your wife over justice? This beautiful, vibrant woman who you loved so much, who loved you so much, and that's the lie that you're telling to yourself? The hooker woulda told! Michael, she would have! I know it! It had to be stopped! This was the only way! Please! Connie never told anybody! Svetlana, I don't think even knew. Your secret was safe. What the hell were you thinking? Oh, god! Svetlana! I've killed them both. What have I done? What? What do you mean "them both? " I gave them two names. My wife'S... and svetlana'S. Lance, uh, right now, grab svetlana. Put her into protective custody. Cordon off her place. Put it under surveillance. I think somebody might be... [Impact] Trying to kill her. Go! [Police sirens wailing] (Raines) what do you mean no answer? I've been trying. Svetlana's not answering either at home or on her cell. What's the 20 on black and whites inbound? Code six at the scene. Possible movement inside the location. I'm two minutes out. Have S. E. G. Secure a two-block perimeter and hold till I get there. Okay? (Carolyn) you got it. [Police sirens wailing] Bedroom's clear. NSNNITY: DOING THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND EXPECTING DIFFERENT RESULTS. Yeah, it's cleared here. It's true, you know? Raines, she's not here. It's clear. Did you check the closet? I did. Nobody's here. [Child crying] Hi, what's the matter? What happened? He--he took-- he took my mom. Who, who? Who took your mom? The man. He took her away. Away? Where'd he take her? He said to get him past the police. He had a gun. Please. Please, don't hurt me. Shut up! Stop crying! Okay, okay. Get me past the cops or I swear to god, I'll kill you. Okay. Can I see some I. D. , Ma'am? I'm just going to vons. I forgot something stupid. Really. You drive safely, ma'am. My son, he's at home. He's scared. - Shut up! - He's alone. - Please, would you just let me-- shut your mouth. [Woman screams] Help! Help! Get me out! Jim, give me a knife! Pull her out! Pull her out! Pull her out! Help me! Get me out! Cover him! Whoa! [Cell phone rings] Yeah. (Carolyn) we got her. She's here. Put her on. (Svetlana) detective raines, what is happening? Svetlana? What is this protective custody? We've been going crazy trying to get a hold of you. Where you been? What? I was at meeting. Lionel was right. We should have had you over for dinner. Always seems like there's gonna be time for that kind of thing. And just like that, there's no more time. It's all over and I'm gone forever. Hey, this thing I do in my... in my head. You know, with you... it was almost kinda nice having you around. You know what I mean? You'll always be your own best company, michael. I'm just your imagination. You know that. But still, thanks anyway. Raines! (Raines) one minute. Each time you pull the trigger, every round you fire into a person, it takes a little bit out of ya, a little piece of yourself that you never get back. You shoot somebody, even if they had it coming, it's not a natural thing to do. It has consequences. I don't feel bad about shooting the guy, raines. Well, good, you shouldn't, especially since he was gunning for me, which by the way is why you're drinking free tonight. I fired three times. 12 feet away, center mass, just like I was taught. And I hit him once. Once, raines. That pisses me off. You're mad 'cause you didn't kill the guy? The perception is that female officers are more prone to shoot than men because they don't have the physical strength to get the job done any other way. I just don't like the stereotype the little korean girl couldn't take the heat. This is how it works. What? How what works? The consequences. It hits you in ways that you never see coming. Makes you question your judgment, your ability to do the job. You do your job, and little by little, it gets better. So it goes away? Yeah, it goes away. You wake up one morning, and once again you're normal as blueberry pie. Everything's ducky. Just keep doing your job, lance. [Glasses clinking] Hey, raines... my man. One face you wear for the people you know, the other just for yourself, right? A toast to the detective. To justice, whatever the price. Secrets well-kept. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-cflily