makes drawings of people that he's never seen. Sometimes i wonder, though, if what he draws reflects his life as much as it does the witness' description. Maybe all the thugs that he sketches look like the tenth grade gym teacher who hit him in the face with a basketball. I wonder about this 'cause, well, i see hallucinations of murder victims. They're not ghosts. They're just figments of my imagination. Which means that what i see in my mind is limited by what i know. The first murder victim i saw was my partner charlie. Charlie and i worked cases together for 13 years before he was killed, so i can imagine him very clearly. But most murder victims i just see lying there, at the crime scene, and most of the time, i can work with that. But what happens when i get a murder victim and there's nothing much to go on? You walked? As fast as my little legs could carry me. Where do you live, detective? If i tell you, i'll have to move. What do we got? Male, mid-20s. One shot through the chest, through and through. Dumped in the canal, maybe over there. No footprints, though. It rained last night and it's all mud. - Nobody saw or heard anything. - Time in the soup? Less than 24 hours, based on decomposition, degree of animal intervention. Revenge of all the christmas goldfish dumped in here. - Id? - None.There was a photograph. - Was?Where is it now? - At the lab. The emulsion was coming off. They're gonna try to reconstruct it. There was a map of l.A. Also at the lab.It was coming apart. Anything not at the lab? Some papery mush in his right pocket. Could have been newspaper. - I found this in his left pocket. - What are those? Rings. That's using the old noodle, boyer. Uh, they gonna be able to pull fingerprints from the body? Maybe. All right, what i'm piecing together here with my sherlock holmes-like intellect is... We have no idea who this guy is. And that's a problem for you? - Not knowing who the victim is? - Yeah, charlie, a big problem. We must've pulled a couple dozen cases where we didn't know the identity of the victim at first. But you still worked your little mojo. - Talking to them, cozying up-- - yeah, but that was different. You know, that was in my head. And i'm not in your head? - Then where the hell am i? - But i knew you. You know, i can imagine the hell out of you. But you don't know anything about this victim. And because you only see what you know, until you find out more, that's what you're gonna see. - That's right. - His face. Is that, uh, bad acne or hungry fish? Ugh...It's-- just-- just hungry fish. I guess you'd better get back to work. Find out who the hell he is. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-colleen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Raines Season 1 Episode 02</font> I don't see cops anymore. - Why not? - You know why not.They lie. - Not all cops. - Oh!Most of them. Don't you miss it just a little? If i missed it, i would still be doing it.You know that. I need a favor, samantha. I told you i owed you one. Is this the one? - It is. - This cop-- is it a - he, she? - A he. Raines. Detective michael raines. So what's his problem? Does he... Drink? Is he depressed? He, uh... He talks to himself. Yeah, raines has always been... Different. His partner, charlie, used to keep him in check. He and charlie walked into something bad a few months ago. Charlie never made it out. You ever read that book about lewis and clark? The stephen ambrose book? Undaunted courage? I have it on my pile. Made me think of raines. See, lewis was the visionary. Clark was the regular guy, and took care of lewis. Charlie took care of raines. Helped make him the best detective i've got. Now charlie's gone. Are you afraid raines won't be effective without his partner? No, i-- at the end of the book, you find out that after the expedition, lewis no longer had clark to take care of him, and, um... Lewis killed himself. Try not to drip on the seat. Nothing to say for yourself? - I'm an idiot. - What would you like me to say? Um... Your, your name, for starters. Hey, what are those things? What are you doing? - Maybe i'm a magician. - You're not very good. No, you're not very good. I'm amazing. I don't do comic books, arthur, i do graphic novels. If you want richie rich, get someone else. If you want sandman or the dark knight, you want me. I gotta call you back. What's wrong with richie rich? He's a poor little rich boy. Everybody can relate to that. There's nothing wrong with richie rich.It's just-- it's just my sarcasm wasn't heavy enough. It's a snap of our vic. I need a drawing of what he looked like before he went into the drink. It'd just be speculation. No, speculation would be if i did it. You, as a forensic artist, presumably have some expertise. Unless the good people of los angeles are, uh, compensating you under false pretenses. Not much for the "more flies with honey approach," are you, detective? Don't want flies, stan. Flies are a nuisance. I want a sketch of what this guy looked like. Which is what you do for money, ergo, this conversation. I'm just saying that it'd be an approximation. Hey, you don't do him justice, he's unlikely to complain. Maybe you can do a series of drawings, like a graphic novel. Put in some weird perspectives, motion lines, a couple of blams and pows. I really thought my sarcasm was easier to read. Get me something soon. Sooner, even better. My pleasure. It's his job. What's pleasure got to do with it? I believe he was being ironic. - So he's just being a wisenheimer? - Takes one, etc. You got a second? - Who's, uh, dr.Samantha kohl? - She's a therapist. Oh, yeah.Says right here on the card.Therapist. I thought that was "the rapist," which would be such a strange thing to put on a card. That's a good one. You can try that when you see her. When i what? You're talking to yourself, michael. Dan, um, i appreciate the concern, but did you ever think that was maybe just my hook? - Your hook? - Yeah, i'm the, uh, crazy detective! "look out!He's nuts!" - "wee!" - i like it.It's good. You're gonna see her. She's good. She used to do post-incident counseling. She stopped working with cops a while back. Why? Well, you can ask her yourself during one of your ten sessions. - Ten? - Or you're suspended. Aren't you mr. Cut-to-the-chase. I'll call her. Your floater. Lab pulled prints. - Any hits? - He's not in the system. Or at least not in our system. Forensic odontologist said the gold bridge work on the interior teeth might as well read "made in mexico." - maybe you should send the prints to mexico. - Mexico. Why didn't i think of that? Oh, wait.I did. See, i find your sarcasm very easy to read. *Ay, ay, ay * *i'm the frito bandito* it's so pretty that, that, uh, vibrato. Is that really the only mexican song you know? Macarena. I know the macarena. Oh, i can just see you doing that. Hey, this is my life. Watching a hallucination do the macarena. Doesn't get any better than that. - Sorry, dude. - Why not? I don't do chicks' names. Too much buyer's remorse. Raines. What's up, my brother? Anything, uh, on the guy they pulled from the canal? That's right. I talk to cops. Anybody got a problem with that, don't bore me with your story when you're sitting in my chair. Bet yours'd be worth hearing too. Still a john doe? Juan doe now. Mexican dental work. Any turbulence in the local latino gangs? You make him for a banger? - I don't know. - Tats? Not that i see--saw. Didn't pull up his sleeves. No tats, no gangster. Them cats make my nut. Okay. If you hear anything... Come on, man.You gotta do this. I told her i'd get it. - Is that your girlfriend? - Yes. Oh, she's way too hot for you. Listen, do your future a favor, go down the boardwalk, get yourself one of those henna tattoos-- they wash right off. Looks familiar. Like i've seen him before. You have seen him before. On tv.You drew erik estrada. Is he the only latino you know? Nice, uh, cultural sensitivity there, stan. I'm working off a polaroid of a floater with a half-eaten face! You drew ponch! - What's this? - The map from the vic's pocket. There was some handwriting along the edge, but the ink ran. And there were some marks-- looks like x's. One here, in venice, by the canals. One here, on washington. And one here, in macarthur park. - Macarthur park... - What? Why do people go to macarthur park? Other than for an invigorating stroll? What, you think he was an illegal looking to buy a fake id? You two get in your soft clothes, print up some copies of that sketch, and we'll go see if we can find anybody who knows erik estrada. Not erik estrada. Julio santiago. He comes from the town of sayulita, which is an hour north of puerto vallarta, and this is his driver's license. We got a hit off his prints from mexican dmv. Oh, that's much better. Man, here comes a cop, dawg. I'll catch up with you later. I like your office. Lucky you, getting to work outside in the fresh air. - You know this guy? - Well, it's hard to say. What would make it less hard? I don't know. A hundred bucks might help. You get, what, 300 for a set of fake driver's, social, green card? Tell me what i want to know, i won't hang around here all day, chasing off prospective customers. All right. Guy come up to me the other day. Didn't speak no english. He wasn't looking for an id. Had a clipping, some cut out of a mexican newspaper. He needs help finding the guy. So i gave him a card to a notario. Which notario? - This notario. - Really? Ram fuentes. Washington boulevard. That's the one. And do me a favor. Don't tell him i gave you that. Please. That's my credo: never inconvenience or upset a weasel who exploits people. Thank you very much. Have a good day. Can't believe it, man. Messin' with my business like that. He says you don't, uh, speak english. Please tell me that's not true. - eu? - Fantastic. You're not gonna be very much fun to talk to. But you're not a ghost. You're a hallucination. You come out of my head. I had you talking english before. You could, uh, blab in farsi if i knew it. - Took you long enough. - I'm so sorry. I-- i'm just getting the hang of exactly how it is i've lost my mind. There's a reason people come here. Look at that. It's beautiful in mexico too. - Parts. - Yeah, here's where the money is, huh? No, it's more than that. This is california. You from here? - You know where i'm from. - Play along. I'm from new york city. I came here after high school. Guess i read, uh, too much raymond chandler when i was a teenager. - You stayed. - Well... You spend one february out here, it's hard to go back. It's not all this pretty, you know. I know. But this is why you still drive along mulholl and when you know the freeway would be faster. You love it here. Well, don't tell anybody. Raines. Our unis were canvassing with julio's picture and they got a hit from the catholic church on brixton. Oh, i'm near brixton. I'll be-- i'll be there soon. - I can't believe he's dead. - Yeah. - H-how long did he stay here? - Just a couple nights. Couple of nights. Did he say why he was here? I just assumed he was here for a better life. A, uh, macarthur park id counterfeiter said julio was looking for somebody. Really?I thought it was more like he was looking to avoid someone. The coyote that brought them north. - Julio owed him money. - Huh... You know this, uh, coyote? I know people who know people... Wait a minute. You said, brought "them" north? Julio wasn't alone? - He was with maria and the baby. - Who's-- who's maria? - His wife. - And the baby? His son. Oh, man, i did not see that one coming. Did you? Look at me. I'm a daddy. Gracias a dios. raines, lapd. Look what you did. And i was winning. No, you weren't. You know this guy? You know i do, or you wouldn't be here. You brought him across the border? He still owes me money for that. He's dead. - Good. - Good? Now you won't get your money. Hazards of the trade. Can i get you something? Agua? Cerveza? Maybe an ice cold fresca? Oh, i-- i used to like fresca. Hey, did you know that, uh, lbj had fresca on tap at the white house? That's true. Maybe you killed him. - Lbj? - Julio santiago. I'm not in that business. No, you'll cram people into an airless trunk, then drive them through 100-degree temperatures, abandon the sick and the elderly in the desert, but you don't kill people. I provide you with a service, ese. - Me? - Who cleans your house? Nobody. It's an issue with the landlord. - Mows your lawn? - Grass is all dead. Who parks your cars at restaurants, washes them on the weekend? You eat strawberries, ese? Grapes? Guacamole? I like the guacamole. That, uh-- that's the good fat. I need to find the woman who was with julio. The one with the baby. L.A.Is a big city, detective. You see can it at night when you're flying in, it goes on forever. How am i supposed to know where she is? I was told that maria came to you, looking for a ride home. Maybe i gave her bus fare and she's back in mexico. Or, maybe, 'cause she still owes you money, you've got her stashed in a garage somewhere, working it off. How much does she still owe you? Y *a fue la *tima vez que lo vi. And that was the last that she saw of him. Ah, gracias. Look at you. Practically bilingual. Michael? They weren't here to stay. They were tourists. Julio worked three jobs, uh, to make enough money to take maria and the baby to disneyland. It was his gift to her, after having the baby. Yeah, i'm confused. They were illegal mexican tourists? A lot of them come up to see relatives, then--then head right back. Ah.Your id guy said julio was looking for someone. She didn't know anything about that. Their money'd run out a couple of days ago. They were gonna head out tomorrow. Julio left her and the baby at the church last night, didn't say where he was going. He never came back. No idea who he was looking for? I'm gonna check up on a, uh, lead tomorrow morning. Ramo fuentes.A notario. Julio was given his card. And where are they gonna stay tonight? Hey, maria.I'll take, uh, the couch out here. And, uh, you and the baby, please, take my, uh-- sleep in the bedroom. How do you say-- i'll show you. I wish i could-- you want me to translate? Okay. El lago titicaca, entre las resplicas de peru Y bolivia, es el mar alto de todo el mundo. Two years of high school spanish and all you remember is something about lake titicaca? It's a funny word. Titicaca. Oh. Maria... ****...These are? Mira! - Gracias. - Okay. Who are you calling? Uh...Nobody. I wanna talk to you. She doesn't know what i'm saying. You ever stop to wonder what the hell happened to you? Oh, every single damn day. So i'm not the wide-eyed immigrant who came here for a better life. Maybe. But you were looking for somebody, and you didn't wanna tell your wife. Why not? Julio, what's your-- what's you secret? No sinore. No hablo ingles. Very funny. I'm sorry, detective, but as you can see, i'm very busy. Paciencia, amigos. Los atender? En un momento, eh? Did i mention that i was with the, uh, los angeles police department? No, esp*ense. **** D* de se van? Well, it looks like your, your morning has just opened up. What can i do for you, detective? Thank you.This man. I know he came here. He had a picture of somebody in a mexican newspaper. - I couldn't help him. - Couldn't or wouldn't? Well, i'm not a charity organization. No, you're too busy scamming the desperate. I provide a service. Charging illegals thousands to file asylum applications that not only have no chance of going through, they alert the authorities to your clients' presence. Which gets them conveniently deported before they can sue you for fraud. Nice service. It didn't matter in the long run, did it? He probably got what he wanted for free anyway. H-he could've walked up to anybody on the street around here, shown them that newspaper clipping and been pointed in the right direction. - Who was in the clipping? - That guy... The-- always in the news. The anti-immigration guy. He's a city councilman. Aurelio s*nchez. Here we go. Aurelio s*nchez. - Here's his website. - Everybody's got a website. He's our city councilman. Of course he has a website. - You think he's got a myspace page? - What? I saw this one the other night. The guy starts out all normal-- you know, likes, uh, pina coladas, walks in the rain, all that crap. And then, under likes and dislikes, he puts, he likes to eat spiders. I swear to god. I checked it five times. Did he really write that? Yup.Likes to eat spiders. - And i'm thinking this guy-- - boyer, do you have a, a myspace page? No, not yet. Great, so, so when you get one, may i suggest that under likes and dislikes, you put that you like to annoy the living snot out of people when they're trying to work. And maybe you wanna add a link to all one word-- dot com? Yeah. What do we got? Oh, photo gallery,press, bio, links. Bring up his bio. Michael? - Do you want me to print it up? - Yeah.Um... And dig a little, see, see, uh, what else you can find out about councilman s*nchez. Aurelio s*nchez? Our city councilman? Our vic was looking for him. Oh, yeesh.That's all we need. Do you like him for this? - I don't like anybody. - I was referring to the case. Ah, that's amusing. You missed your calling. Close the door. I find you devastatingly attractive as well, - but we must be - strong and resist. Close the door. You haven't called dr.Kohl. Dan, it's been one day. I haven't called my, uh, mother in weeks. You don't hear her complaining. Your mother's dead. That explains it. Michael. I wasn't kidding before. You see dr.Kohl ten times or you're suspended. - I'll call her. - Will you, michael? I mean, what are you afraid of? That she's gonna tell you you're crazy? Because we've known that for years. Here you go. - Hey, i found out a few things. - Call me in the car. - Why don't you like me? - Oh, for heaven's sakes. It's because i told the captain that i saw you talking to yourself on the boudreau case, - isn't it? - I-i disliked you way before that. Did you ever stop to think that maybe i had a good reason to tell the captain? What the hell would that be? You've always been something of a whackjob, detective. But you always had charlie to help you cinch the restraints, to keep you from swallowing your tongue. Now? Let's put it this way: i see people out on the street every day talking to themselves. The one big difference between them and you? They don't have a license to carry a firearm. Ever see this guy? Mm. Sorry. Never seen him before. Why would he be looking for me? I was hoping that you could shed some light on that. - Coffee? - No, thank you. Um, we printed up the bio from your website. Nothing here that explains why you're so stridently and vocally anti-immigration. Ah, but i'm not. I'm anti-illegal immigration. I'm all for the legal variety. Increase it.Get the, uh, guest worker program going now. But you already knew that. You just wanted to zing me withhe fact that i was at one time an illegal immigrant myself.Right? Oh, pretty much.Doesn't say anything about your old status in the bio. Well, it says i came north in '84 and benefited from the reagan amnesty in '86. but does it ever say, "city councilman aurelio s*nchez was once an illegal alien"?No. Not is so many words. I know what you're thinking, detective, that i'm a shut-the-door-behind-me type. "i got mine, now you all go back home." but that's not it at all. In the 20-odd years i've been here, it's completely changed. It's a multi-billion dollar criminal enterprise now. You got coyotes, brokers, on both sides of the border. The gangs are all over it now. Used to be, it was just people... You know, people like me, looking for a better life. Now it's thousands upon thousands looking to make an easy buck and bring their families with them. Yeah, you didn't bring your family with you. I didn't have one. My parents died in a car crash when i was 16. and you weren't married? I had a girlfriend, but she didn't wanna come. She was...One of the reasons i left actually. I kissed her best friend at a party and she said she never wanted to see me again. That's not in your bio either. I'll update it tomorrow. Yeah. Where do you live, by the way? On bywater. It's one of the canals. Oh, i know it well. I'm on-- i'm on crane. - Nice. - Yeah, it wasn't so nice when i first-- first moved in there. No idea why somebody would come all the way from mexico here to see you? I honestly don't have the slightest idea. Maybe an old friend back in, uh-- back home? Detective, this is my home. But to answer your question, uh, given my rather public position on certain issues, i don't have any friends left in mexico. No friends in mexico? That's putting it mildly. They hate him down there. He's a, uh, los angeles city councilman. A city councilman with a mexican last name who gets his picture in the paper and his face on tv. He's going after the coyotes, and the brokers, and the notarios-- all the people that make a lot of money off illegal immigration. He's bad for business. And business is big. Uh, raines. Uh-huh... What? My, my... Yeah, i do indeed. Uh... I'll be there in ten minutes. Hey, these people in mexico, would they be angry enough at councilman s*nchez to do something about it? Well, like i said, he's bad for business. Bad enough so as that they'd send somebody across the border to kill him? Our first hit on the victim's prints came from the mexican dmv. Now we got one from the federales. Julio's in their system too. Didn't pop at first because the record's sealed. - Your vic had a criminal record? - Yeah. Guess we now know why i was here, compadre. Detective, i am a city councilman-- yeah, which is why you're here in the captain's office and not down in interrogation. And why would i be in interrogation? Because you weren't entirely forthcoming, were you? I asked you if you could think of a reason why somebody from mexico would come here looking for you. You didn't tell me that you thought you were in danger. - I'm not in danger. - Your assistant said you got death threats. I think "death threats" is a little overly dramatic." "stop speaking against the coyotes or we will stop you." - Which could be interpreted-- - "shut up or die." we know that julio santiago was looking for you. We know that he was a criminal. His records are sealed, which often means that he was a very, very bad man. We know that you are licensed to carry a gun. We know that your house is a block away from where the body was found. - We know you have no alibi-- - i was working late. By yourself, which equals no alibi. We're gonna have forensics go over your house with a microscope. Go ahead.I didn't have anything to do with this. If i had, i'd tell you. I'd tell the world. What? I'd tell them i will defend my life and my family, and i will not be intimidated. I'd tell them i'm an american citizen and will speak my mind about whatever i feel, without fear of retribution. That's what i would say if i had anything to do with the death of this, uh, mexican assassin. But i didn't. What about the gun? He turned it over, but with no bullet in julio's chest, that's meaningless. All right, well, maybe we'll find blood in the house. I doubt it. He wouldn't have been so sanguine about us checking it if there was anything there to find. It probably happened outside. The, uh, pros like to work the shadows. Then we'll find blood outside. Still struggling with the short-term memory, aren't you, boyer? It rained that night. Any blood is long gone. Any dna is in the canal. Why would s*nchez dump the body? I mean, say you're him. You receive death threats, you have a permit to carry weapons, some guy tries to whack you, you get him first.That's self-defense. Was the lab ever able to do anything with that photo in julio's pocket? I'll check. - I gotta go. - Where? Uh, my pilates class. Find me julio's arresting officer in mexico. - I wanna know what julio did. - Good luck. Where's the love? You didn't say a word the whole ride over. Uh, you're a hit man. You got what you deserved. Then why not close the file and move on? Ah, yes.The little rat-like nibbling of doubt. Por favor, share with the class. A hit man who brings his wife and child to disneyland - and then goes to make a hit? - Maybe i'm not a pro. Guy like him, he's probably not worth a stone-killer. They get me cheap. You know i needed the money. Maybe. How come you don't wanna go talk to the shrink lady? My secrets.I have so many shameful, dirty secrets. It's a pain in the ass. Every time a cop pulls his gun or trips on s shoelace, he's gotta go see a shrink. It's a waste of time. Yeah, but this isn't because you tripped over your shoelaces, is it, michael? No, this is because you talk to projected figments of your imagination. - Thank you very, very much. - Maybe you need a little help, compadre. Always nice to get advice from a killer for hire. - Just saying... - Yeah, if, if i need help, uh, it's certainly not gonna be from somebody who sees cops for a living. You know, i've seen enough of them over the years. I know how to handle them. So they told me, um... You don't see, uh, cops anymore. How come? Most cops don't believe in therapy. - Do you? - Oh. Well, freud's only stated goal was to convert "hysterical misery into common unhappiness." i'm already unhappy. Nothing more a therapist can do for me. - Why are you unhappy? - Uh... Nice try. Not a freudian, by the way. Jungian. Oh, archetypes, collective unconscious, symbols. - That's my training. - Hmm.So-- if you, uh, don't see cops anymore, how come you're seeing me? - Your captain asked me. - Why'd you agree? Does he have a picture of you with a goat? not a goat. - You talk to yourself, detective? - Yes. Um, i can't think of anybody more interesting to talk to. My gosh, i'm a narcissist. Tell me about yourself. I was born in an aleutian fishing village. My hobbies include making wax models of my favorite internal organs and skee-ball. You-- aren't you gonna write this down? I know what you're thinking-- you were right to stop seeing cops. Let me assure of something: i don't work for the city.I don't work for the department.Not anymore. My goal is not to find you nuts and get you suspended. If anything, i'd rather help you integrate whatever private hell you've been going through so you can be a better cop. You wanna make me a better cop? Fantastic. Tell me about yourself. What, uh, what would you like to know? - Where did you grow up? - New york. - Parents? - One of each. Tell me about them. Uh, my dad was a transit cop. My mother was a school teacher. One brother. Older. Mark... What? And the boat was going under, and, um... Mark, he couldn't hold on, and i'm-- i'm yelling, "mark!Mark!Hold on!" and then, then he was gone... And i just can't help thinking that it should've been me. I'm afraid that's all the time that we have. - Really? - Mm-hmm.Next patient. Wow. I--i think we really did some... Some good work here today. Should we-- should we make an appointment? Call me when you know your schedule. Just one thing. Next time, i would really appreciate it if you didn't waste my time. Did you really think i would buy that? You stole the whole brother drowning story right out of ordinary people. Did you think i wouldn't pick up on that? Do you think i'm stupid? Look, i know you're good at gaming the shrinks. That's what you cops do. Point of information, detective, my ex-husband was a cop. So i know all the tricks. Which means that you can't game me. You don't wanna be here? Fine. I don't want you here either. Unfortunately, we have no choice. You're here for nine more hours. So in the future, if you don't wanna take this seriously, i would rather you sit in silence for the hour. I can do my taxes, my nails, whatever. Just don't waste my time. Okay? - You did great. - Shut up. Hey, i just got off the phone with officer rao batista from sayulita. He gave me a peek into julio's sealed file. How'd you manage that? Let's just say next time i'm south of the border, officer batista will be expecting me to go "south of the border." - really? - No, you creep.I just asked. It was no big deal. Julio's records were sealed because he was a juvenile when he committed his heinous act. He took a neighbor's horse so he could give his girlfriend a ride on the beach. Officer batista laughed when i asked him if julio might've been a hit man. Then he cried when i told him julio was dead. - You don't have to say it. - I won't. It's my, my job to think the worst of people. - Some job. - It's all i've got. Detective? The lab sent over the photo from julio's pocket. It's julio. Looks like it. - Except-- - except... Who carries around a picture of themselves? Well... Uh, carolyn, uh, call back your boyfriend, officer batista. Ask him for, uh, the numbers of julio's family, especially his mother. Now, get this back to the lab. I need them to run a test. What kind of test? I need to know how old that photograph is. I know what happened. Hey! Oh, detective. You surprised me. Did he surprise you as much as i just did? Who? Julio santiago. The, uh, hit man from mexico. I think it's time you started to talk to my lawyer. You pissed off the coyotes. They made death threats. You were worried about your family, had them moved out of town-- - we've been over this-- - julio santiago found out where you lived. Two nights ago, you were getting out of your car, it was late, he stepped out of the shadows, he called your name. He reached for his gun. You reached for yours. And you reached faster. It was a lucky shot. Or, unlucky, if you're julio santiago. Your first thought was to call the police, 'cause this was justified, this was righteous. But then you saw his hand was empty.No gun. You still could've called the police, but you didn't. Instead, you looked around. Nobody saw you. You dragged the hit man's body a block away and dumped him. - You should've been a writer. - Maybe when i retire. I think maybe i can help you with that. Once my lawyers get hold of this, you'll be begging to retire. He wasn't a hit man, aurelio. Julio santiago came here with his wife and his baby. He took them to disneyland. The baby was the key. That's why he came here to see you. - To show you the baby. - Show me the baby? He didn't tell his wife maria that that was the real reason why he came here, - 'cause he wasn't sure. - Sure about what? The girlfriend... That you left in mexico 22 years ago-- the girlfriend who didn't wanna see you anymore-- she was pregnant when you left. I am so sorry, aurelio, but julio santiago... Was your son. There was no gun. I thought i was ruined. I may have been here 20 years, but my skin is still brown, my name is still s*nchez. It would destroy my career, my, my family... I knew he had a gun! I just knew he had a gun! He--he--he-- he looked right at me and he reached into his pocket. Why would he do that? He was reaching for that. It was almost ruined by the water, but, uh, our lab restored it. They did a good job. Uh, they tell me it's 25 years old. Who is that? Oh, my god. That's me. And my son. My--my poor son. No, no, no. Thank you so much.Please. Aurelio, your son came all this way for a reason. Would you like to meet your grandson? I would. Aurelio, this is your daughter-in-law, maria. Maria.I am so sorry. I didn't know. She doesn't speak english. Ah, perdon. Lo siento, este... No hay nada por hacer. Con permiso. Por favor. Ay, hijito. Oh, mi hijito. Eh, mi hijo. Ay, mi hijito. Oh. Eh! Oh! - como se llama? - Aurelio. So what do you think he'll get? Manslaughter, evidence tampering? Significant time, but, uh, given the circumstances, not as much as he might've. as for Maria and the baby... I'm not asking, and you're not telling. If you're gonna let an illegal immigrant and her baby go free, i don't wanna know about it. She wants to go back to mexico. That's where her family is. She's gonna take julio back there to be buried. We're, we're paying for it out of the victims' fund. Wow, we really are the good guys some times. So how's it going with dr.Kohl? - Frankly? - Uh, horrible. Why? She saw right through your crap? She tell you? No, she's not telling me anything. I just know you, and i know your crap. You didn't tell me her ex was a cop. Dickie burrus, narcotics. Oh-ho, really? No wonder she hates cops. So w-what do you have on her? - What do i have on her? - I know she doesn't want to see me. You must have something on her. What is it? A picture of her with a goat? Not a goat. What does that mean?