I've had it for 15 years. You dropped a grenade in his lap, and what did you do? - You run? - Shane! I killed elm. Leave here before I kill you. Just imagine every wrong thing we have ever done. If anything happens to me, that lands on I.A.D.'s doorstep. The Armenians know about the money train! Diro green lit your family. L'm paying off your debt in favors. What the hell have you gotten us into?! This will handle the first week. I need you to look after Corrine and my family. This is Cruz Pezuela. He's representing a local development company that has backing in various Mexican investment interests. The Mexican mob is buying up Farmington? Pezuela is connection blackmail... that's how Pezuela's getting everyone onboard the train to cartel town. I can't tackle Cruz alone, so there's got to be trust. You and I have the only two copies of the keys. There are over 100 blackmail files in this box, and I only need one of them to get my badge back. This intel is the proof that we have that Pezuela's dirty. Using it as leverage will compromise it as evidence. L'm gonna need you to get my family clear of this thing. I need you to make Rezian believe the Mexicans are the Armenians' worst problem. The Latino crime bosses need you out of the way so that they can get on with their Brown revolution. I am going to protect you. Anything happens to me, I've already given the order to go after your friend's family. We got to figure out how many rungs on the Armenian ladder know about our money-train rip-off. Hey, you and me... on the road to being cool, right? Working with you to protect my family? L'm down with that. Trusting you? Not there yet. If there's a bug hidden, this'll find it. - That's unnecessary. - Yeah, tell it to the feds. Sync: Vine heard about the city's new top-10 gang list? Word is they're holding a spot for a local Armenian kingpin. Feds would like to beat them to it. Since father and daughter kesakian are gone, I guess that means you. It's safe. You're wasting your time. Well, up until now, we've been slow-dancing. If we're gonna slip into bed, I'm gonna need some protection. So... I got a real job, so anytime you want to get started. Your job will have to wait. L've got something you need to do for me. It better be quick. I got a lot on my plate these days. Your police department is about to destroy its confiscated guns. Yeah, I know about it. It's an annual thing. We want them. L'm sure the SWAT team guarding that shipment won't have a problem with me taking a few. The guns are stored before they're moved. Find out where and get to them first. Look you want guns, you can get them anywhere else a hell of a lot easier. Those guns have been processed, cleaned. Thanks to your city, they're untraceable now. I got to pass on this favor. - You have no choice. - I don't need a choice. The answer's no. You just killed your friend and his family. You know what? Go ahead... kill Mackey. Kill his whole family! L'm not going on some career suicide mission for you! L'm not gonna spend the rest of my life with somebody else's debt hanging around my neck, either. You said that we would be compensated for our loss. How about saving your ass in county jail?! Huh?! That slip your mind?! Money compensation. Those guns are a down payment. Those guns are a tall order. I need fair market value for the risk that I'd be taking. L'll come up with something, but you got to tell me what you need these gatts for. We'll move them out of state. That's all you need to know. Interesting strategy. "Kill his whole family." It's the smartest thing we've done with these assholes, Vic. I gave us a chance to end all of this. By putting a truckload of untraceable weapons in the hands of God knows who? I put us in a place, finally, to ensuring that your kids stay alive. - By letting innocents get killed somewhere else. - We don't know that. Iook, Rezian's negotiating with us now. We still don't know who in Rezian's crew knows about my money-train debt. I don't see him volunteering that anytime soon. We have no choice. Until we figure out exactly how deep the threat against my family goes, we got to play ball with them. So, all we got to do is hijack the department's annual p.r. Bonanza. Maybe we don't have to steal the guns. Maybe somebody gives them to us. - Yeah, how's that? - I got a card to play. Morning. - You shouldn't have come here. - Where's that blackmail box? The one we were supposed to only access together? See, I knew you couldn't resist the temptation to use it for your own purposes. The very fact that you're here now just proves it. - So, you took it? - Yeah, I'm in control of it until the time is right to turn it over to justice. I don't have time to bullshit around here! Hey, we're still working together. The only change is that I'm now in possession of the box. We're close to drawing Pezuela out of his hole and into the light of day, and that only works if he thinks the box is still out there. And that hasn't changed. Iook, if Pezuela's smart, he hasn't had any contact with anyone in that box, so I have to link him directly to the cartel or all you're doing is giving the feds ammunition to destroy the careers of everyone in that box. Before one of them has a chance to save your job, right? When you finally turn it back over to justice, they're gonna wonder what took you so long. I was trying to understand exactly what I had... determine who put it all together. I could tell them that, or I could tell them that you're just another dirty politician trying to extort his way into the mayor's office. You'd only be incriminating yourself. Yeah, but I'm on the way out. You could still maintain the lie, keep yourself distanced from all this... that is, if I'm willing to tell the right story on that day. Don't look for the box. You won't find it. I don't need the box... I have you. - How did that card play out? - It didn't. If this is gonna happen, it's gonna be the hard way. Did you find out where the guns are stored? Department's kept them in five different locations. L'm about to get roasted. They gotta be in the same place. The question is which one? It might seem obvious if we start asking right before the guns get jacked. We got to know that we have a deal with Rezian. Who is this? Vic Mackey. Why is he here? If you want those guns, I can't do it alone. He's got more motivation to succeed than anybody. Going after my family got my attention, but I'm gonna defend them one way or the other. He stole from us once. Why trust him? You shouldn't... I took your money-train cash, and I'm not afraid to come here and tell you about it, but we both know I just stole what you already stole. - You and who else? - Me, my buddy elm, who's dead, and two of his homies from out of town. I couldn't find them now if I wanted to. Shane and my partner, Ronnie... they had nothing to do with it. Maybe we just kill you, then. The foot-chopping generation is dead and buried. You filled the vacuum, but you're new. You're consolidating power, and you've got a Mexican threat you don't understand and can't defend yourself from. Then you can give us our money back. Sorry, we burned through the money, but I can offer a, uh, solution that benefits us all. - End this now. - First, I need to know where the guns are headed once we've delivered them. They're going to Chicago by train. We need to see a light at the end of this tunnel, so, instead of the $2 million that I don't have, I'm gonna grant you three wishes. The guns can be wish number one. Use your wishes well... be a lot more valuable than the missing cash, but once you've had your three meals, you walk away from the table fat, happy, and even. He doesn't give us terms. The talk is your war with the Mexicans is heating up. You're gonna need more help, you're gonna need more intel. Trust me or not, that's your best offer. Rezian's buying it for now, but that asshole khalulian's nothing but trouble. I know. First, we'll get the guns out of storage. After that, we'll find out exactly where they're going. - Who cares where they're going? - I care. Iook, you know who we're dealing with. If the Armenians want guns, they're gonna get them... if not from us, from someplace else. The most important thing is I have finally found us a light at the end of this goddamn tunnel. Hey. What can I do for you guys? Well, you can help me save my partner's ass. We had a gun that should have been stored in evidence. Somehow, my partner let it slip into the pile that's headed for the Smith & wesson wienie roast, and now the asshole who wounded two people in a robbery got himself a retrial... we need the gun back. L'm sorry, you're too late. Guns aren't supposed to be destroyed for two days. True, but they're locked up at the impound yard over on San Fernando right now. There's almost 8,000 loose guns in that pile. You think you're gonna find one serial number in all that? Shit. Iooks like the D.A. Will have to get by on his charm instead of limping by on forensics. Steve, there's a girl here about a missing person. - So give her the paperwork. - She filled it out yesterday. I think there's some new information. Well, I'm about to jump into something else. - The crossword puzzle? - Jumble, actually. Just give it to Dutch. If it's got legs, I'll hop on board. Dutch, there's a young woman outside... marisol griego. Some missing girl is her friend... wan Lee, 16. 16? Try runaway. You think your friend wan was abducted? I was meeting her after school to get something to eat. She passed me on her scooter trying to park. I saw somebody, a man, push her into an SUV. An officer called wan's mother yesterday, was told she wasn't missing... said it was a mistake. Wan hasn't been at school. She missed a midterm today. Sometimes kids don't want to go to school. Wan's 4.0. She wants to go to Stanford. Something happened to her. Mrs. Lee? L'm detective Wagenbach. Are you wan Lee's mother? A friend of wan's is concerned. She hasn't heard from her in a couple of days. I already spoke to the police. I told them there was no problem. I still have a missing-person's report on file. If I could just talk to her, close it out, get out of your way. - She's not here. - Where is she? Come back when my son is home. Well, I'd rather do this now. She went away for a few days. Okay, well, why don't we call her? You'll have to talk to my son. Mrs. Lee, is everything all right? If something's happened to your daughter... there's nothing wrong. We don't need your help. Thank you. Says wan's not missing... just went away for a few days. L'd rather spend the limited time I have on the clock investigating actual crimes. The mother's scared, covering... if you'd gotten your ass out of the car, you'd have seen that. How about I take your word for it and we end this field trip? Hey, Vic. L'm on San Fernando. If we can get in, we can drive right out. The guns must be in the main warehouse... where they keep those expensive rides. Nothing like a tricked-out Benz. Rezian was right on one thing... until the cameras roll, these guns are nothing but the department's garbage. They got one guard inside. Guy couldn't protect his own asshole. That makes sense. Budgets are tight all around. Hey, you remember that dealer we used once... blew a hole in his wall for that murder case? What was his name? Burnout, wasn't it? That sounds right. Why? I saw him driving a few days ago. Guy got himself a brand-new escalade. Business must be good. All right, I'll track him down and get back to you. Why the mysterious invite? We've been working a local Armenian crew from the inside. Our C.I. Tipped us off about a major gun heist that's about to land... you want in on it? Think it's as good as your last lead? Sounds like it's better. Probably took a lot of effort to get your name in so deep. Anybody else would be trying to keep that lid screwed on as tight as possible. Yeah, well, I'm not anybody else. No, you're one of those rare cops who likes to share his spoils. We're all fighting the same war, right? My father always warned me... a boy does you one favor, maybe he's just nice, but if he does two favors, he's either trying to put his hand on your wallet or down your panties. L'll bet your daddy had to beat the boys away with a stick. A louisville slugger, actually, and he wasn't afraid to use it. And no one's gonna hang anything over my head, so if you think sharing a couple busts gives you the right to something, think again. In case you haven't heard, I'm not exactly appreciated around here. The department's trying to force me out, so I'm gonna clear away as much shit off the street as I can before I go, and I don't give a rat's ass who gets the credit for it. You still want in on this, or not? Hey, captain. How you doing? Busy. You want to tell me what you wouldn't tell the desk sergeant? This guy Larry... he's been coming into my porn shop wanting to invest in my films. ¡ê-who could blame him? ¡ê-I know about Larry. His main thing is drugs... only pays his actresses in coke. Of course, I threw him out. Because you commit your smut to a higher standard? Interested in a drug-peddling, money-laundering asshole? What happened in the meetings? I showed him my product. He wasn't interested. It's not my fault he can't appreciate the mature female body the way I can. What kind of stuff did he want to invest in? Oh, um, guy-girl, girl-girl, three-way, atm, black-on-white. If you ever get tired of squashing people's civil rights, I can make you some real money. So far, this is working out, but if something changes, I'll let you know. You call Larry and set another meeting. Outside? Would you fold Tina in with you as bait? You want us to set up on the porn guy? - Sounds like more a vice thing. - It's a drug thing. Larry's got to get his someplace. Follow the coke trail where it leads to. - Where's Vic and Shane? - Uh, Vic had a C.I. He and Shane are following up on it. Well, if you need bodies, get them back. L'm gonna need to see some I.D., Burnout. - Mackey, what I do, man? - License. This is wack. Registration. That's a nice ride. Thank you. L'm afraid I'm gonna have to take you in for driving without a license and registration. Man, you got both of them in your goddamn pocket! You start talking back, we're gonna add a resisting charge. Really nice ride. Make the introductions and shut up. We'll take it from there. Everybody ready? I thought we were meeting up with Vic. What, we can't handle it? - You okay? - Yeah, I'm feeling my groove. Remember to wait for him to offer the drugs. Don't ask to be vague, or else it becomes entrapment. I was listening the first time you taught me this stuff. - Glad to hear. - Let's go. About time you got out of that old, disgusting granny shit. - Glad you approve. - How many scenes you done, hon? L've only done a couple of home ones with Devon, but I just got into town a few days ago. - Is that okay? - Yeah, it's okay. Who's Devon? L'm her boyfriend. We were hoping to break in together. Hmm. Small, but natural. You done anal yet, sweet thing? L'm waiting for the right material. I was thinking we could do a few scenes together until she got more comfortable. All right, hon, get naked. Let me see how you suck it. Axl didn't mention free samples. This is an audition. Yeah, well, axl had said that he had been to you before and that he always came back empty-handed. Iook, I don't get laid unless I get paid. This already feels different. I got to know what my money is buying, okay? What's the problem, baby? L'm just a little nervous. You need something to help you get in the mood? Yeah, okay. What do you got? - You got a stage name? - Persuasion. - You like that? - Yeah, I like that. If those give you an erection that lasts more than four hours, call me so I can film it. And this bag of powder means I get to tap that ass, too. Welcome to the world of adult entertainment. Police! You're under arrest! Natural... but small. I don't want it touched until the techies run through it. Sure thing. Just dump it at Farmington. L'll check it out there. Luxury vehicles get parked at San Fernando. Department regulation. Wherever. Asshole. You know, the way this cocaine is packaged... small quantities... buys you a distribution charge. I don't sell it. I give it away. It gets a better performance out of the girls. Then you bought it from somebody... who? Demetrius harms. There's no sense in you taking the hit if it's harms we want. You're done now. Get lost. Someone gonna take me back to my store? Call a uni to haul him back to his place??? Okay, come on. What do you say, Larry? You want to help yourself out? - Is your son home? - No. We went by his market on the way over here. It's closed? Mrs. Lee, was wan kidnapped? Wan is not missing. I want to bring wan home safely, but you're gonna have to help me help her. Wan! You're wan? Where should I take her? Just go up the stairs... any open interrogation room. Wan, wan, wan! L'm sorry, you're gonna have to wait down here. No, my... whoa, whoa, whoa. Miss Johnson from child protective services explained your rights. You're just gonna have to be patient. L'm sorry. Hey, feel free to sit in. - Dutch. - Yeah? Maybe I should be the one to talk to her. I don't know, she seems really shut down. I think it should be girl to girl. You trusted a hunch. Trust mine. I promise you, I'm just trying to help you. Then let me go home. I will as soon as we sort out where you've been for the past three days. L'm here now! What difference does it make?! I think that you were kidnapped. I think your mom paid the ransom. So you're calling me a liar? I think you're hiding something. Listen, wan, I know you're tired, okay? L'm gonna let you go, but... just answer one thing for me, okay? If you weren't taken, what are you so mad about? And don't tell me it's because I won't let you leave, because I've heard that you're a nice kid. I mean, you're a good student, straight "a's"... you want to go to Stanford, right? I mean, you have everything working for you, so what are you so mad about? What if I were to tell you something about me that nobody else knows? A few days ago, I was working on a case. We were arresting some really dangerous people. I thought that the other officers I was with had cleared the room that I was in, but... but somebody was hiding, and they missed him. I didn't even see the guy's face until he was choking me. I couldn't... I couldn't get his hands from around my neck. What happened? I honestly thought that I was leaving my baby boy without his mother, and I have never been so scared, and at the same time, I've never been so mad, and I wanted to kill him. I still do. They raped me! Any special instructions? Yeah, the cop said to stay out. They're waiting for a tech to run through it. Anything else coming in? No, it's the last one. Okay, gonna lock up. Yeah? Hey, Vic. It's Ray Carlson. Is Matthew supposed to be outside by himself? - No. Why? - 'Cause he just walked out of the house and took off down the street... Matthew! Where's Corrine? She left about an hour ago. Where's Cassidy? Inside the house with a friend... Matthew! Ray, what's going on?! Matthew! Carlson? L'll take him. L'm a friend of the Mackey's. Whoa, whoa, wait... hey, hey! I don't know who the Mackey's are. I don't know who you are, but you're not leaving with this kid. Ray?! We can let the police figure it out. Vic, you better get down here. Oh, shit! - How's that thing going? - I got sidetracked. What's going on where you are? Caught a little fish rolling on a bigger one... demetrius harms. We've been trying to nail him since he moved out from Oakland. Well, now's our shot. I can use you. L'm tied up. Is there any way you could squeeze a couple of unis without alerting the African queen? Harms is supposed to be by himself with one other guy... I'll make it work. Sorry to jam you up. Put him in the Van. We're rollin' on harms now. Aren't we supposed to process him first? No time... harms is alone or undermanned. He finds out Larry's been burned, that'll change fast. Hey, they're fine, Vic, don't worry. What's going on here?! - Are you the father? - Yeah! Cassidy and Ellen were drinking beer and she had the door closed... she wasn't watching Matthew. Drinking? Where were you? I had her parent-teacher conference, remember? I told you. So you just left them alone? Cassidy watches Matthew all the time. It was only for an hour. How do you think I do everything around here without you? Look, I'm a cop. This is my ex-wife. The parents of the other girl are filing a complaint the achole. Your wife's got to be processed. L'll talk to the parents. I can smooth this out. I can release the kids to your custody, but that's about the best you're gonna do. We got to take her in. L'm sorry, man. Vic! - Vic! - L'll be right behind you. We'll straighten this out at the sheriff's station. Don't take your eyes off them. Child services took wan to mission cross for a rape kit. Okay, good work. Actually, it was Danny who got her to open up. The only thing that she remembers about the house is it was empty, but she could hear a freeway nearby, and she saw part of a billboard outside of her window. It was a suntan-lotion ad in Spanish. L'll check it out. Um... wan's been taken to the hospital. She was sexually assaulted by her kidnappers. The hospital is gonna do a post-assault examination. You can't do that. Mrs. Johnson from child services is gonna be with wan. Don't worry. Wan will not be alone. No! Just bring my sister back here! Well, that... that's not possible. This is a criminal investigation now. - There's no kidnapping. - Joe! L'm gonna get a lawyer. Yeah? Is the coast clear? I got caught up. I had to cut out. You're supposed to be outside keeping an eye on things. Corrine got arrested. You gonna be kidding me. I had to arrange bail. - Did you get it? - Yeah. Now I got to get past the guard blind if I'm gonna get out. L'm not anywhere near there, and we got to be there soon. Fine. L'll handle it. L'll see you there. This is Vic Mackey. It's going down. Try the door. You! Demetrius! Demetrius? Hey! Aah! Get it off me! Get him off! Ahh! Move in! Move in! Take the back! The place looks empty. We missed harms. I need a paramedic at 2489 gorham! Officer needs assistance! Shit! Shit! Over here. Pull it in. I have to close the gate. Don't worry... I don't plan on being here long. I don't care. Just move it. Is that everything? It's most of them... had to leave a few crates behind. That should be enough to wet your whistle. Hey, is this place secure? Of course it is. Something doesn't feel right. Shane tell you the feds put you on their hit list? All right, let's get this shit unloaded and get out of here. This place is safe. Now, get over here and help your friend. That's a police radio. Jesus Christ! You were set up! Did you hear me? We got to go now... leave the guns! Your choice, but don't forget I tried to pull you out. Rez... rez. Where are you going? This is ridiculous. Where are you going?! Get on the ground! - On the ground! - Down on the ground! Don't move... right there! You got the results of the rape kit yet? Positive... vaginal tearing. L've been on the phone with every realtor who has a house for sale within earshot of the freeway. These three have a partial view of the billboard wan saw. Thanks, Steve. Um, interrogation room two. - L'm gonna get my coat. - Forget your coat. I need you here. I want to follow this through. Brother's out looking for a lawyer... I need you here to keep them apart until we figure out what we've got. L'll get the rape book. Have her start I.D. Ing some suspects. Maybe the Billings minimum is all we need today. - It's just like wan said. - Yeah. Hey, um, that story you told her in interrogation about a guy choking you? Yeah, I made it up. Did it to draw her out... it worked. Um, I'm always here, you know, if you ever want to talk about something. I guess I'm a better liar than I thought. I bet you're glad you listened to me now. What happened? Did they follow you or did you bring them? L'm the guy who just saved your ass from that federal fire. - Because you heard the radio? - Consider yourself lucky. I got out, but my men didn't, and I lost the guns. And you stayed out of jail. So did we... unless your boy sold us out. He didn't, and if you did, you're both dead. Sending you to jail would be the worst thing for me. You'd have nothing to lose going after my family. I know that. Think the goddamn thing through! Vic just risked everything getting you out of there. If you're blaming us, it just means you got a blind spot to whoever it is that's trying to burn you. You got a hole in your organization you better plug before you accuse me again. - What about khalulian? - He'd never betray me. We'll see. You need to grab anything incriminating and clear it out of here. No one knows about this place. Like they didn't know about the trucking company, right? You sweep in here? Uh, yeah, today. - Every room? - Just this room. This is where we were talking. Khalulian got an office of his own? Someplace where he made a call about tonight? Over here. Khalulian might be loyal, but he's also stupid and careless. You better hope he didn't mention your name or ours. Let's just get out of here. You dodged the feds tonight with our help, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. You really think the Mexicans are just gonna go away? They're gonna keep coming until they get what they want. And we all saw your idea of taking precautions. Can you find out what the Mexicans want from me? Maybe, but first, I need to know who's on your crew. Only the ones that are close, that you trust. L'll check them out. If I don't find anything, that'll be the end of it. Thank you. You set that whole thing up, didn't you? - Without telling me. - Something like that, yeah. And now Rezian is gonna send me a list with his most trusted crew on it, and everyone who knows anything about us and the money train is gonna be on it. L'm trying to help you. Don't you get that? You think I would do something that would let those guns be in play somewhere else? You think that I would let three random kids in Chicago get killed just to save my own? So, now khalulian's busted... maybe he doesn't give up Rezian, but he's sure as hell gonna point a finger at you and me. Let him. Claudette was in on it. She knew about the bust? I told her we were working with the feds on a tip you picked up from Rezian. It was the only way to pull it off and keep us in the clear. Khalulian knows about the money train, too. If he says anything, our story is that it was a lie you fed to Rezian to keep him close. So, why did you keep me in the dark? I don't trust you, remember? You know what? That's bullshit. L've done nothing but look out for you, Corrine, and the kids, and every single thing that I have told you has checked out so far. Hasn't stopped you from using your secret file to hang over our heads, listing all the shit we've ever done. You know exactly why I did that. L'm the one standing by you, Vic. You're the one cutting me out, punishing me. And you know what? It's a stupid, dangerous game that you're playing, because I'm just trying to help you protect the only thing that really matters to you. Interrogation one, Tony. Is that our rapist? He's the guy who's renting the house... Iooks like our crime scene. Hey, um... I, uh, I heard some of the unis complaining about the new administrative duties. You ever think about someone to assist you permanently? - You have someone in mind? - Yeah. Danny. Danny's a sergeant. I wouldn't waste her time at a desk. You ever think the reason you run into problems is the person on that desk is underused or under qualified? What are you doing, Dutch? Ever since Lee was born, she's changed... some kind of maternal survival instinct. What she wants is something out of the line of fire. She told you that? Too much pride, but if you wanted to go that way, I think you'd be helping her out. She's already I.D.'d you for the kidnapping. L'm sure the D.A. Can add conspiracy to commit rape, plus any additional charges involving... crimes against a minor. Any thoughts? Honestly, I wish they were all this easy. I never touched her. She had sexual contact with two other minors... boys her own age. - It wasn't rape. - It wasn't consensual. What she experienced was a part of a therapeutic treatment. Treatment? For what? Wan's brother found out she was involved in a homosexual relationship. Joe had assumed the role as head of the family after his father died. He didn't appreciate his sister disgracing them. He wanted to spare his mother from heartbreak. So, her brother hired you to... rape the lesbian out of her? To show her a preferable alternative. And this was supposed to get her to want more sex with men? I offered positive encouragement at a critical moment. As far as wan's case is concerned, I'm hopeful it was successful. You have any proof that Lee hired you to "treat" his sister? I have a signed, legal document giving me temporary custody over wan while she was in my care, and a check for $3,000. How many stitches? - 19. - Anything on harms? I got a "stake and notify" on his car. And I talked to a neighbor... she told me that harms always keeps his dog in the back, not in the house. Axl... he's the only one who knew we were going there. So I got him stewing in the Clubhouse. You tipped off harms, dickwad. Who's harms? He knew we were coming. He left his pit bull there to greet us. Now, the only question is, what did you get out of it? You must be more hooked into harms than we thought. You're barking up the wrong tree, fellas, okay? That's for the DEA to decide now. And the way those guys like to drag their feet, it will be 9, 10 months before you get your store back. Iook, I had no problem giving up Larry. He's an asshole, but I didn't want to burn a guy like harms 'cause that's like a death sentence, all right? Where is he at now? Where is he at now?! We recovered over 900 guns from the trucking factory, thanks to your cooperation. Vendrell's snuggling up to Rezian seems to be working. Southern charm's good for something. Thanks for not burning our Armenian target. With Rezian still in play, we can get deeper into the organization... try to take the whole thing down. Well, khalulian's not talking. Hasn't mentioned any cops neither, so it looks like your man's cover is still solid. Guess he's as loyal as Rezian says he is. - Where is she? - In her room. Cassidy, come out here! Cassidy, get out here! What were you thinking? ?? Drinking and you were supposed to be watching your brother Matthew. He could have gotten hurt or worse. - He's 10 years old. - He's autistic! Nothing happened, did it? Your brother was walking around loose on the street. He's your responsibility, not mine. Hey! Who the hell do you think you're talking to?! - The only parent that's ever around to listen to me. - Cassidy! Ow! You're hurting me! Don't you ever push your mother like that! Do you understand?! - It was an accident. - Vic, let her go! - Do you understand me?! - Let her go! We didn't raise her to be like that! You should go. I didn't mean to grab her that hard. Let me deal with her, okay? No, I should apologize. Go now! Now! You said we had to move, and you made me do it all by myself. Where were you? I was out. Oh, yeah, you were out. Stupid me. - No, you talking to Corrine... - shh! You talking to Corrine... that was stupid you. I thought somebody had to do something for Jackson and me because when it comes to Vic, you don't do shit. Where's the file? The list of shit that Vic and I did, Mara. What did you do with it?! Here. What did you do? God damn it, Mara. Shane... Shane! Where are you going with that? L'm gonna give it to Vic. - You can't. - L've already made another copy. L'm sorry. I should've told you. You're always chasing Vic's tail as if he's most important. I have to get Vic's family in the clear again. Once this threat is gone, we are out of his life. What about our family? What about me? Mara, you and Jackson and the baby... you always come first. You know that. We just have to be patient a little while longer. I owe him this one last thing. I used to be worried about Lee not having a sibling. L'm not so worried anymore. Yeah, um, hey... would you ever consider taking Claudette's desk full time... helping her run this place? Why? She's been a little, uh, erratic. You've noticed. Is she all right? I can't get specific, but she can later if she wants. No, she's not all right. If she doesn't get somebody real good backstopping her, this place could really suffer. Just think about it, okay? Mr. Lee's lawyer got a court order for wan's release. He's got good timing... Mr. Lee? You're under arrest. What's the charge? Kidnapping and conspiracy to commit rape. Come on, we're going. Peter meyers is under arrest, too. He's upstairs. He's got some interesting theories on treating aberrant sexual behavior. Stick around. We'll talk about them. L'll get him printed. Let's go. Joe? Wan! What are you doing here? - L've been worried about you. - Go away! But I'm the one... get away from me! Stay away from me! Bite looks bad. How's the bark? Almost got my balls chewed off because we went in there too quick and undermanned. Iook, man, I'm sorry. I had no choice. We all had choices once and we made 'em, and now we got to live with them. Ronnie, we're gonna get out of this quicksand. No, we're not. Jesus, Vic, everything we do to get out of this shit just drags us down deeper, and hanging with Shane is gonna push our heads under. We need Shane right now. L'm sick of walking around half the day smiling at a guy who put a grenade in Lem's lap. Hey, you know what's at stake here for me. I do, yeah, but I'm not gonna drown for Shane... or you. Hey, Rezian just gave me his list of names. Aside from khalulian, who got swept up tonight, there's only five guys. Think that's everyone who knows about us and the money train? Aside from diro, who's in the wind or dead, yeah. Then what are we waiting for? Protecting my family was only one part of this war. Tearing Pezuela down is the other, and I'm not there yet. That's it. That's everything. There are no copies. Take it. It's all I can do. Now I've got nothing on paper on you guys. I talked to Mara. The thing that happened with Corrine... it'll never happen again. You want blood from me? Just break out the goddamn needle, man, I will give it. - Well, I got to get back. - Wait. Iook, we all heard the lies about elm. We knew he was under pressure and scared... thought he might have turned. None of us will really know exactly what he would have done, but you were the only one of us who saw him. Now, I hate it... and it hurts me... but under the circumstances, you made the only decision you could at the time. I know that now. Thank you. Yeah, we're gonna all get through this and come through the other side one day.