I'm not going to go through all my life - over this vending machine thing. - Sure, you are. - You are my hero. - Why is that? Hammered? Oh, I'm sorry. I just assumed the way she talks about you. - So, the dutchman has a shot, then? - Dutch? Sure, he's been working that caring mentor angle like there's no tomorrow. You're loss, my friend. - Did you talk to Shane? - He killed Lem. I did what I thought had to be done at the time. I see you again, and I will kill you. Just imagine every wrong thing we have ever done. If anything happens to me, or my wife, or my son... That lands on IAD's doorstep. - I'm Kesakian. - I need to speak to the real Kesakian. My father's out of town. How long do you think you can keep this a secret? Long enough for a miracle. In the meantime, you think you're running the show? You'll be my partner in this country. Matthews putting the most cash in the peasants pockets. Rezian, he runs the polls. Well, he's the one who's going to be looking to take over. - You're under arrest. - My people won't let you get away with this. You don't have people. Kesakian jr's in charge now. So you're cooing at me. Sounds like Shane made a big bust today. I don't know what kind of arrangement you 2 have, but just know, when the chips fall, they always land on Shane's side of the table. That cop knows what's going on. He cannot be part of that. You have to be careful. You just stay out of my way. I'm going to make you as miserable as I possibly can. I'll stop by to see how you start your security job at Northridge. Vic stole from your father. The armenian money train? Got robbed a few years back? That was Vic. They asked me to be a part of it. When I said no, I became a threat. I will have to deal with it, too. Wait a second, I didn't tell you that. But you have told me. I must finish the job. San Marcos is officially closed. They got the guys who wielded the machetes but not the guys who ordered it. Remember the one-armed man with a suitcase full of cash? I'm a mexican official. Diplomatic immunity. He was present at the San Marcos murders. You want him to stick around and make sure his $230,000 luggage gets lost. Penzuela's shit is up with his arm up Aceveda's ass. - Thank you. - Getting tips from prison, representing a company with the backing of mexican interests. Now there's a conspiracy? Why did you kill those people at San Marcos? Something big's coming up. There's a dude by the name of Romero, - we were supposed to leave him alive. - So, you just cut off his arm? I understand you went to college with Cruz Pezuela. I'm going to use every second to find out what's going on here. Why those people died, and you didn't, where that money was going. And what Pezuela's angle was in all of this. I solved this thing before the quarterly stats were due. You're going to tell me that saving this place doesn't earn me a spot here? Nothing that happened today is gonna change what I have to say to the panel. I have one more picture. - That's Aceveda. - Gun to his head. Rather than stand up like a man to his attackers, he takes a man's dick in his mouth. Don't think that will play too well with the voters. Save your job. Let's start digging, right now. - Hello? - I'm in your driveway, come outside. What? Come outside. Vic? You don't want to have this conversation where your wife and kid could hear. What? My appeals hearing is tomorrow night. Last chance to save my badge. Look, if you're looking for a pep talk, you came to the wrong man. No, I didn't. This is you, isn't it? What is this? I think you know what it is. You and your boyfriend. It's a fake. Photoshop. - This didn't happen. - Explain that to your voters. You think you can use some shitty forgery against me? Man, I'm surprised whoever pasted this together on his computer didn't give me tits. I'm just looking for a little help in exchange for bringing this to your attention. Help, with your review board? Just a nudge, enough to keep me at the Barn. Well, if you're gonna blackmail someone, do it right. This picture is a fake. And any other copies that you're going to hold back are fake. Dr. Gettleman, 6144. Dr. Gettleman, call 6144. That's your guy down at the end of the hallway, too? I thought it be best. Hospital doesn't mind the muscle? They acknowledge my father's generosity. They're being sensitive for privacy. He's gotten worse. They put him on life support. - They say he is just a day or two. - I'm sorry. How are you? The information about the man who robbed our money-laundering operation is appreciated. But a lot of unanswered questions to ask. Look, I wanted to talk to you about that. Things have been pretty quiet for your crew ever since the fleet shopping ended. Now, you're off everybody's radar. My father worked hard to establish that peace. Well, I think it best if we lay low in any kind of retaliation. You want me to do nothing? Look, a couple of cops end up hurt, it sets things on fire all over again, and my colleagues, the feds, they'll jump in. They will hurt business. Now, we will shut down your pool revenue temporarily. I have no say in what retaliation will be or when. I've passed information to my father's associates back home... Is entirely in their hands. Maybe you need to pass along a little more information. You tell them that they can just kill 2 cops without it wrecking everything that we're trying to do here. Those men stole millions from my father. I understand that, but we've got to play this game smart. I'm not playing a game, Shane, are you? I'm just trying to protect your family's long-term interest. That's what a good partner does. Detective Mackey, Benjamin Web, counsel for Mr. Aceveda. How can I help you? Well, my client so wishes you to exercise better judgment tonight, but you left him no choice but respond to your threats. - The truth is not a threat. - The legal remedies are 2-pronged... A laundry list of criminal charges for extortion. Our civil suit will be seeking damages for defamation to be determined later. Since you approached my client as a private citizen, The department will not provide you with counsel. You'll be forced to flip the legal bills on your own. You're ineligible for police pension, and you'll be out of a job shortly so you'll have to liquidate your assets to fight this. Look who's making threats now. Just giving you a little preview of the next 7 years of legal hell you're in for, detective. Have a nice night. You know? - I need a minute. - I'll get us another drink. You branching out to the orient? I didn't expect to see you so soon. I need every copy of the picture and I need the story that goes along with it. - May be impossible. - So's our arrangement. I guess I got to go back turn over those rocks in the San Marcos murders. My connection is only tertiary, certainly nothing criminal. Then, why you afraid of what I might find? Afraid? I have larger interests I'd like to protect. Things too big for me to follow? I understand you're a very effective officer on a street level. I've made some arrests. And I hope many more, but understand you are nothing more than a fly on one of my many shits. I'm offering you an opportunity, not because I fear you, but to save myself the trouble of having to take more drastic measures in the future. I'm sorry if I offended you. I may have future jobs for you, ways you can help me. Good. Have you talked with our friend? Have you saved your job? Pictures can be copied, manufactured, I need the original, all the copies and the story that goes with it. You understand I have to sell him an end to this, otherwise, I won't have a badge to do those jobs for you. You'll find I'm a very good man to work under. This unfortunate series of events down at the docks, aren't in your color. Now, what if I told you I was willing to help steer you clear of these troubles? Trusting you is what landed me in this shithole. Importing untaxed gas landed you here. You... recognize your business lenders? They disappear from our evidence locker, DIA will be forced to cut a deal. That means months instead of years. Look, I made a bad judgment call pairing up with Kesakian's daughter. Now, she's got some bad intel on a couple of innocents she thinks robbed that armenian money train. And I got to stop the bloodshed. So, I just need to know who the boss in the homeland were sent to do the job. - And when. - You backed a woman in this fight. You want these books lost or not? Is it true, her father is near death? If she is, she'll handle a retaliation herself, hire locally. When it's done, she'll make the call. To my friends back home and she found the problem, - solve it. - Who will she use to do the whack? Somebody that's been extremely loyal to her father. Zadofian will be her choice. - Where can I find him? - No idea. Betrayal like this, your friends won't be first. First she'll kill their children, the wives and when the pain of that suffering begins to fade, she'll kill the men involved. Transcript: SW [www.subway.com]</b> Synch: javawarrior2003 Fix: emicad</b> I've got 3 DMV listings on Zadofian in LA county. And, it looks like father and daughter in whittier and a 45-year-old male in Glendale. All right, give me Glendale's license and registration. Ok, R.E. Zadofian, 03 Lexus black registered to a PO box. All right, I stake a notify on the Lexus. It's urgent, so I want you to pass it along to Wilshire and Pasadena. Sure thing. I was buying your denial about the photo, but that doberman you sent give away your hand. What now, huh? Pictures of me screwing the bush twins? No, the original memory stick that Wanda downloaded the picture onto and every existing copy. Juan Lozano. Low level Byz Lats banger. I had some run-ins with him and so did you. You shot his buddy during a holdup. Later on, Lozano got his skull crushed in county, but you knew all that. He had a gun to my head - and my wife, my daughter. - Stop, I don't need to hear this. Do you know where I got these pictures? Cruz Pezuela in exchange for not looking into his involvement in the San Marcos murders and favors to be named later. He spoke to me like I was one of his errand boys. - Cruz? - You wonder how a photo from a Byz Lats banger winds up in his hands? Why the mexican and american government officials tried to stop - the San Marcos investigations? - Wait, Cruz? He's head deep in 11 San Marcos murders. His buddy, he went to college with was the sole survivor, who lost an arm in the attacks. So, that's your price for my help? Cruz is into some dark shit, and I'm going to need my badge more than 3 days to prove it. The review board. Well, I can't help with that. It's too late and it goes too far up the ladder. You can do something to help me. - Claudette. - Yes? You still have Eduardo Romero's briefcase of cash? - All $230,000 of it. - I would like you to release it to Romero as soon as possible. - And why would I do that? - The money is connected to the San Marcos murders. Vic feels following it will expose a bigger cover up. You want me to put up a quarter million dollars on the street for someone who's out of here in 3 days? I understand the case is officially closed. Closing it it saved this place. There's no desire to open it back up. You know, this goes higher than 3 churros with machetes. Ok, off the books, and if this blows up, it's on you. I'll call Romero's attorney and arrange it. Just let Vic know the when's and where's. - You make a new friend? - No. They're going to be a surprise at the review board tonight? - Shouldn't be. - Hope not. All units, please be advised detective Vendrell, Farmington division, has issued a stake and notify for a black 2003 Lexus Sedan plate number 2 William Queen Ida 332. Driver is an Ari Zadofian, 45-year-old male wanted for questioning. - Yeah? - You hear that notify Shane just issued? - More armenian mob play. - Whatever it is, it doesn't concern us. Look, I got to go. - Hey. - Hey. - Thanks for bringing it. - Sure, sorry. I forgot it last time. Hey, you two kids have a good time at grandma's this weekend, ok? - Yes, daddy. - Love you, Matty. You, too, baby. Who's a big girl? Listen, I shouldn't be home too late if you want to give Cass a call. Yeah? Thanks. - Hello. - Hey, I got a hit on your Lexus, 1 tango 16 just spotted in little Armenia. Do you want me to have them intercepted? No, no, no. Just give me the address. - Hello. - We need to talk. Yeah, look, I'm a little tied up right now. The man you're looking for is no longer where you are. I want to discuss a solution to our problem. $230,000. I just need your signature. With all your delays you won't mind if we forget to say gracias. The doctors think it's best to turn off the machines. Let him go peacefully. - I said no. - What I've told you about those cops, - Mackey, Gardocki, I was wrong. - The facts were wrong - or you were wrong to tell me? - It's complicated. The fight is between me and them, their family shouldn't be hurt. We can't separate the ones we love from the choices we make. It didn't have to be that way. You're the one making the decisions now. - You need to accept the fate of your associates. - No, I can't. I can't do that. - You said you had a solution. - This is the solution, they get punished for their betrayal, you get punished for yours. You really thought that I wouldn't find out who you went to? You can't kill Vic's wife and kids. Sorry. No, no, no! One step forward and I swear to god I'll snap his goddamn trachea. Don't hurt him. We can't distance the ones we love from the choices we make, right? Huh? Give me my gun. Now, or, I swear to god, I'll end his life. Give it to me. Yours, too, let's go, right now. Hands on your head. What's this? Thanks for the smokes. No, no, no. No, no, no. Zadofian will finish him, too. Get a nurse. Get a nurse! Vic, come on, man, pick up the phone! This is Mackey. Leave a message. God damn it! Hello. - Can I help you? - Yeah. I, um, work right down the street, and I got this letter that was addressed to here. - Thank you. - Sure. I didn't see a sign out front, didn't know was in here. - Oh, we're a very small company. - Really? What do you sell? - We're a marketing service provider. - Really? What kind of service? Oh, I just answer the phones. - Please? - Sure. Mr. Angolas, he owns the place? His name is on the letter. - Right. - Do you have a copier here? - What? - Copier. That's what I do, I sell copiers. How's yours treating you? You mind if I take a look. - It'll just take a second. - No, sorry. Listen, I'm so far behind on my sales this month, you'd be doing me such a big favor, if I could just take a quick look. - I'll list you as a service contact. - Look, - I'm really not supposed to have anybody here, please. - 10 seconds. 10 seconds. You really need to leave, right now. I can give you a great deal on a Pentair 5150 staples sort, autofold, all the bells and whistles. Please. I guess this isn't a copy room. Sit up. I'm a cop. - You see? - What you want? Everything there is to know about this and what goes on around this place. - I just answer the phones. - Who calls? I don't know. A few minutes ago, a one-armed man was in here. He dropped off of bag with $200,000 in it. - I don't know anything about that. - Money laundering, conspiracy, illegal transfer of currency out of the country, you'll do time for just picking up the phone and saying hola. Now, who is under all this and what does he do? I've only been here a month. We're from Mexico City. He was in military intelligence or something. - He offered me a job. - Answering phones? Better than swallowing verga gringo at the club I danced in back home. So, he keeps his oral recreation in house. What's all this for? The electronics. All I know is that he's some kind of consultant. - Security or something. - Where was he just headed? To the bank. He has an important meeting with the client tonight. - Who's the client? - I don't know. He doesn't say much to me usually. No, I think listening is what you do best. Here's how it goes, you forget that you ever saw me or I tell your boss that you took me on a little tour of his closet full of guns and goodies. Entiendes? Just in time. Where is our guy Aaron Boles, you see him? He's 200K light. What did you learn about him? Aaron Boles was a mexican intelligence officer assigned to investigate the cartels. But he was fired a year ago. The speculation was he switched sides. - What's Pezuela's connection to him? - I don't know. What's your relationship with Pezuela like now? Strained. When I heard your suspicions, I started to distance myself. I didn't cash a large check he wrote to my political committee. Pezuela never would've given me that picture unless he had something far more valuable to protect. You have to get close to him again. I'm already playing russian roulette, by not cutting all my ties with Cruz. And you're going down the political toilet with him unless we do the flush first. Pezuela gave me the picture knowing I would go straight to you. Having the ammunition to screw you only gave you one place to run for cover. Right back to him. He needs something. A favor. Something that ties into all this. This is the memory stick and every last copy of the picture. It's all yours. I can't tackle Cruz alone. So there's got to be trust, all right? You mind if I kill the A/C? Freon gives me a headache ever since I played peacemaker between Mackey and Kavanaugh. So, how was your night last night? Fine. Yours? Entertaining. Excuse me one moment, the witness over here saw a white male, 20's, Just dumped the body from his truck and take off. - Get a plate number? - No, pealed off too quickly. - ID of the victim? - Joe Barnes. It's Miracle Joe. Oh, Jesus, no. Yeah, it really sucks. Who's Miracle Joe? He lived on the streets of Farmington for 20 years, survived riots, earthquakes, gunshots, stabbings, beatings. Always had that crazy grin. Jokes never made any sense. Uh, ma'am? - You saw who did this? - Teenager who works for Ray Stodds drove up and dumped his body from the truck - like he was a bag of garbage. - Who's Ray Stodds? Charges us a fee to beg the freeway off ramps. You don't pay, his guy comes by, smacks you up, empties your pockets. Thank you. Hey! I've got nothing to say to you or your wife, ok? - Where's Matt and Meagan? - None of your business. - Where are they, Corrine? - Not here. Look, I know this is going to sound crazy, but you both... You need to come with me, ok? - Why? What's going on? - Shane, what are you doing here? - Does Vic even know you're here? - I can't tell you anything more, ok? - Well, you better tell me more. - Just get in the back of the van right now - or someone's going to kill you and your goddamn kid. - Call dad. Call dad, fine, but I've been trying to for the last hour. He's in the field. Fine. I'll call the Barn. You're in danger because of Vic. You bring the Barn into this, he will not just be losing his job, he will be going to jail. Do you get that? - This more of your shit, huh? - Listen... - Jesus Christ. - Get in, now, please. Look, - I'm not going to hurt you. - Then put that away. - Corrine, get in the van. - Ok. Get in. Get in, Cass, get in. Hey, Dutch, I got a composite of the guy the witness saw dumping Miracle Joe's body. Uh, have some unis spread it around. Hey, who's this? That is the nephew Miracle Joe was always talking about seeing some day. Found it in his wallet. Going to run his name through county register, see what matches up. Great. So I heard Gina and Kevin hooked up last night. Really? Dutch. A couple of unis said you were there... watching. Ok. I was tricked into being there. I'm sure Billings did that, but I can't prove it. I'm sorry. I thought, maybe, you had a thing for her. It was a crush, nothing deep. What about you? Maybe a little bit into Hiatt? No, not really. I was just... I think I just wanted to prove to myself that I could still get my girl on, now that I'm a mom. Serves us both right, for succumbing to our shallower instincts. I understand you're expanding your business enterprises, Ray. Charging the homeless a panhandle tax, that's real upstanding. Never underestimate how low people stoop to make a buck. That can't be easy. - Everybody talking. - I just can't believe Dutch watched. He was tricked. Someone used you and Kevin to pull one over on him. Oh, come on. You knew what you were doing with Dutch. Using him to get special favors, even though he never had a chance. He had a chance, He just never took it. Anyway, Kevin was an impulse thing and judging by the way he's avoiding me, - it was a big mistake. - Well, we all make a few. Know this guy? Yeah, that's Bones. He runs errands for me. Witness saw Bones dump his body. You and Joe have a beef over off ramp rent? No, I quit trying to get payments out of Joe. A few months ago I saw the old man get hit by a bus. I mean, bam. Just picks himself up, walks away. That's freaky. I figured it was some sort of sign and left him alone ever since. Corrine, get out of the car. Corrine, get out of the car! Come on, let's go. Come on - Come on, let's go. - Why are you doing this? Over there. Come on, let's go. Get in. - No, Shane, please, no. - Come on. Shane. Shane. Please, don't hurt us, ok, please, not Cassidy, ok? Just let her go. You're going to be safe, just get in. Come on, get in. Just get in, ok? Get off. Corrine, just stay here, ok? Just stay here. Corrine, I've got my family hiding, too. It's not just you. Shane! Shane! Hey, listen to me. As soon as it's safe, I'll come and get you, ok? Shane. Shane. Shane. Shane. God damn it, Shane. Shane. I'm having trouble with a former employee, he's trying to embarrass me. How? That's not important. I'm taking care of it, but I may not be able to handle things exactly as he wishes. I may require some money. I was beginning to think you were growing allergic to my donations. I cashed your check, and, again, thank you. But you need more? How much? 150,000. It goes without saying that I would be tremendously... - indebted. - It's done. And, coincidently, I have a favor to ask from you. I'm going to head another check. It'll be made out to a small private college in the area, and I get to create a research grant anonymously in that amount. Ok. What kind of research? Mode of behavior, demographic pattern shifts in Farmington and elsewhere. I'll give you the specifics later, but all the information comes directly back to me. Yeah. He wants us to fund a study. Demographics, mode of behavior, things like that. Why? Redistricting. He can manipulate the votes to get me... others, elected. Let me see your map. These were the areas highlighted on the map in Aaron Boles office. Cruz is the connection. These are all his developments. That's low-income housing goes up next month. And that's 8th street medical center. - That's... - Uh, office park for small businesses. Hell, with me in his pocket and my influence on the city council, he's going to be able to get contracts easier and expanded. Then, how does our Boles and his mexican mob money play in to all this? Think globally. All right, the money is coming into the U.S. From the mob in Mexico. Anti-terrorism laws have made international money laundering much more difficult. So, all the profit in mexico, what do they do with it? They profit here. Too hard to ship south. So what? The mexican mob is buying up Farmington? Along with 4 or 5 other districts in L.A. Legitimate business is the best front for organized crime. They can run prostitution out of low income housing, sell illegal scripts out of the medical center. Jesus christ. I got to take a run in at Boles. His secretary said he had a important meeting with a client tonight. What, and risk to get Pezuela that you've turned on him. Well, that'll start a war and we don't even know what army he's fighting with. You need patience. The review board doesn't go my way, I'm out of here in 3 days. Vic, this thing can't come down in 3 days. - This'll take 3 years. - Don't let them take my badge from me. You forget about our bullshit history already. Help me so I can stay and finish this. Look, I was serious when I said I couldn't help. But, listen, the board has 3 members, the senior member is Howard Gregson, now he... he has an autistic grandson. Dotes on him, even serves on the board for cure autism now. Oh, you want me to bring my kids into this? 2 autistic children. You're the bread winner. They're doctors, therapists, you know, you say you're sorry for past transgressions, that you want to change. You want me to put my 2 sick kids on display? - To use Meagan and Matthew? - Maybe you sway Gregson and maybe he sways a second vote. I know, it's 20 to 1. - Hi. - Hey, how are you? I think we should talk about last night. I'm... I'm sorry I saw anything. I-I don't know - who's been spreading rumors. - I never meant for you to get hurt. I liked mentoring you, but I redirected those feelings into something that was unrealistic. You have nothing to apologize for. So, let's forget last night and move past it. Ok? Ok. - Thanks. - Come on. I got to go. My suspect is here. Oh, right. Good luck. So, I got a hit on Jimmy Barnes living in Whittier. Says he's miracle Joe's nephew. He's driving down later. Great, um, listen, Billings is a-wall, my suspect is here, you want to take a crack at him with me? - Yeah, I'd love to. - Great. Let's go. Ray's innocent. You can let him go now. You admit to killing Joe yourself. Ray didn't order it? - I didn't kill anybody. - We have a witness who saw you dumped his body at the convenience store. Guess I need a lawyer then, huh? Can't get a public defender down here till morning. Yeah, but if these guys are innocent, blood trail will be cold by then. Coroner's preliminary report on Joe Barnes. Systolic cardiac dysfunction resulting in heart failure. He died of natural causes. Guy survived about every indignity and injury a man can suffer, lived his life alone, in the end, his heart just quit. Maybe figured this place wasn't worth sticking around for any longer. - Hey, where are you going, Ron? - Just checking in with Vic. Stick around. I found something to keep us busy. Gang initiation on Hawser Street. - Who's the dealer? - Guy named Bernow. I know Bernow. Why's he giving you intel? We figured he'd walk on a possession charge. You guys been too easy on these clowns. So, you burn a source for a gang initiation tip? We're going to stop 4 kids getting jumped into a gang. Stop them while they're young, less problems when they're older. Now, we might not see result tomorrow, but things are going to look a lot better over time. Yeah, that's it. Hey! Cops are coming! What's you doing, man? - Hey, he ain't complaing. - He doesn't need to. I saw it with my own eyes. Can't hold him on anything. Take the names, call the parents. Got a child at home, take him to mission cross. All right, take it easy. What the hell is Bernow doing here? I squeezed him and he gave me a tip. I popped him anyway. - What was the tip? - It was no big deal. It was gang initiation. - Call your boy off. - Keep it down. - This guy's a CI of mine. - Oh, yeah? Where's his paperwork? He's unofficial. We won't be needing him anymore. 3 more days, right? Bernow gives decent intel. Now, what good does burning that bridge do? Listen, that door is always open. So, when he's ready to deal again, maybe he'll try a little harder. These assholes banging on each other keeps the rage in house. Look, once these kids are in a gang, they're in for life. I'd rather give them a chance now instead of a set of cuffs later. I'm with HTZ security. Had a bunch of silent alarms go off in your neighborhood. Need to talk to Mrs. Mackey. We need her to sign off so I can get her to reset your system. Sure, yeah. Come on. Come on in. I'll go get her. Ah, you dumb shit. All right, it's your lucky day. I don't have time to carry your body, so you listen up. It's over for Diro. Rezian pulled off a power play taking control of the armenian operations. You got a choice. Listen to me. Now, you either join him, I let you drive yourself to the hospital, or you bleed out here and die. What is it? What happened? Woman was assaulted by a kid with a lead pipe. It's a simple assault. Why are you here? We got a heads up that the suspect is a kid we had in custody earlier. We broke up a spookstreet gang initiation this morning. - This is round 2. - We don't know that for sure. This kid's got to earn their way in. You take that away and they turn outside. Yeah, and anyone who stoles a woman like that is going to do a lot worse once they join a gang. Look, kids were getting assaulted, we couldn't just let that happen. Ok. How many were being jumped in? Besides him, 1 more. Well, let's find him, see what he's doing to earn his stripes. Hey, any chance you can pick me up? Come to clean up hiatt's mess. Heard your recruitment's been taking a few hits lately, the streets. - I ain't heard of nothing. - First, your gang initiation gets shut down, then, one of your baby bangers bashes a woman's head in. Woman done got cracked? I'd send flowers if I gave a shit. Besides, I hear your ass ain't going to be on the streets no more. Maybe. Maybe not. If so, my hand-picked successor is Ronnie. You, him, don't matter much if I can't bring in new talent. Just to show I'm willing to be fair. Schedule another jump in, I'll make sure it doesn't get broken up. Don't help us find this kid, we'll show you how we jump someone in. Anything I can do for you on that thing you've been working on? No. Guess I'm going to have to cool my heels for a while. Hey, are you sure this kid is around here. Shop's on alvaredo. - Nothing more specific? - They got to think on they own, right? The cream rises to the top. Yo, I think that's him right there. You think? He ain't even in the crew yet. - Hey! - Don't move. Give me your hand. Don't fight. Sorry, kid. Gang life will just have to wait. Good news is, you've been cleared of all murder charges. The bad news is, we can still charge you with desecrating a corpse. When's my lawyer rolling up? Can't get a public defender down here today, which means you can spend the night in county with ray or come clean about what you were doing with Joe's body and go home. Look, man. I found him cold. Figured, since he was just a bum, who would miss him? Why would you dump his body at the fast mart? 'cause the new owner's an asshole. The old one used to let me hang inside and beat the heat. This guy called the cops, said I was loitering. So you dumped a corpse on his front door? Who wants to step over a dead body to buy a slurpee? He ruined my day, so I figured I'd ruin his. That clear enough for y'all? - What happened with the miracle Joe thing? - It's done. Where have you been? Aw, it's nice to know I've closed my last case. I'm getting out of this shit hole. Here's the official paperwork confirming my disability. My doctor just signed it. I'm still in the department. My lawyer's going to have you subpoenaed. - Suing for what? - $3.4 million. Pain and suffering for making me work after being seriously injured. What injury? Don't you remember? I got knocked down trying to break up the fight between Mackey and Kavanaugh? I've had headaches, neck pain, and nausea ever since. Don't act like I never mentioned it. Steve, you understand that insurance fraud is a felony? Dutch knows all about the headaches. I've got everything documented by my physician. Go ahead and read it. It was nice knowing ya. Who's doctor Nero Yamimoto? - Is that the last one? - Yeah. He's about to shoot somebody on a crowded sidewalk. Nice save. - Uh, that Aceveda thing. - Too big to solve in a day. - Not out yet. - If you are, what next? - Don't know. - I always thought you were 3 steps ahead. There's still the review board. I have a few last words. Are you going to use those words to save yourself or burn this place down? You always wanted to do what was better for other cops. What's next for you? The San Marcos case closed, well, at least officially, thanks to me. There's no more threat of this place closing down. You really going to put all your chips in hyatt? He'll get there. This isn't a.y.s.o., everybody plays. You need someone who can read the streets. You brought him in here to move me out smoothly. You really ready to ride him all the way home? Get his parents down here. Call Juvi. Since when have you been working on this case? You took a shit out on the streets, I'm just scooping it up. Vic, we just got a shots fired call. It's corrine's address. - Asher, where's my family? - I don't know. I don't know. The lady across the street made the call. The place is empty. Oh, Jesus Christ. - Did you look in every room? - Yes, we did. There's a notebook full of family numbers in the kitchen drawer over there. Start calling. See if anyone has heard from Corrine or Cassidy. Ok. Ok. Oh, my God. My lawyer tells me the d.a. Suddenly seems open to a lesser plea. Well, I guess some evidence went missing. How's your problem? It's solved... Temporarily. But you need a permanent fix. I do. Here is my fix. I offer it once. No discussion, no negotiation. I'll make sure that your cop friends and their families don't get hurt, you tell me where Kesakian is. The old man and the girl. I'll handle transfer of power. Your organization lost over $2 million when that money train was robbed. I need to be reimbursed. Your favors and your protection will serve as ongoing payment. - You expect me to be your gratis snitch? - Until we're even. - Yeah, well, I can't do that. - Sure you can. Because the moment you don't do something that I ask, get a shipment of mine into the country, warn me about the bust, whatever, first I kill the children, then the wives, then I kill your friends. That's our deal. Taxi's on the way. That's it? No explanation, nothing? Look, I'm sorry it had to happen this way. You do not do this to me and my daughter. - Mom, it's ok, just... - No, Cass, this is not ok. This is not ok. Do not walk away from me. You know who you married. It's the only explanation you need. A brownie, you want something to eat? Oh, here's mommy. - Daddy. - It's ok, sweetheart. Daddy's here. - What happened to you? - Shane pulled a gun on us. He took us somewhere in east l.a. He locked us in a truck. I thought he was going to kill us. He said he was doing it to protect us from something you did. Look, Shane is in some business with some very dangerous people. This is him trying to scare you to get back at me, ok? What are you going to do about it? - Hey, asher. Come here. - Yeah. Take my family to my house. Stay with them. Come on, kids. Let me finish up here, ok? - I'll handle Shane. - Ok. - You'll come home after? - Yes, I will. I got a work thing tonight, but I'll be there. Found a shell casing. Trail of blood leads to the street. Whoever got shot walked away. Also found a cigarette butt inside. Armenian. Shane's sent out a warning. He and his armenian friends can get to our families any time they want. What do you want me to do? Watch him. Figure out what he's doing who he's doing it with, and then we're going to crush him. You know, Vic should have called me with the leads. You and Tina Hanlon, something you want to tell me? Uh, not especially. Well, I can't keep ignoring everything I've been hearing about you two. What about the rumor there's a witness? Ok, you can tell your old partner that I'm not pressing charges for being a peeping tom. You're obligated to disclose a sexual relationship. - You outrank her. - It's not ongoing. It was a one time thing. Which is a wink and a look the other way every other place I've been. Not here. This is about me and the strike team. - The circumstances you walked into are difficult. - I haven't even had a chance - without Vic Mackey looking over my shoulder. - I don't want Vic. Too much cost. But, I need someone with a little Vic, the right kind, and that's not you. - I've got to look out for the... - Hey. I had departments fighting over me. I'm going to land on my feet. I guess somebody else just got lucky. Go on, kids. There's your dad. - Hey. - Hey, dad. Kids wanted to be here with you. Uh, I guess they're running a little late. - You ready? - I got a plan. Well, we're all here for you. Yeah. Detective Mackey. The review board is ready to see you now. Well, whatever the plan is, good luck with it. Detective? - Detective Mackey! - Vic. - Jimmy Barnes? - They call me Jim now. - Detective Wagenbach, this is officer Sofer. - Hi. - Hi. - We're very sorry about your uncle. - Thanks. - Sit down. I appreciate you finding me. He deserves a proper burial. You should know. Your uncle wasn't just a homeless guy. He was a legend around here. Everybody really liked him, and, uh... I'm sorry that he was alone. He always had that way with people. Alone is how he liked it. So, I guess this is you? We found it in his wallet. When was the last time you saw him? Almost 12 years ago. Joe was my dad's older brother. They were really close. And, when my dad got sick, the doctors told him he only had a year to live. So, Joe quit his job, dropped everything to take care of him. Kept him alive for 5 years. And, when my dad died, Joe just lost it. Disappeared. We finally found him living on the street. And we tried a couple times to bring him home, but he didn't want that. He just asked us to leave. I guess he's with my dad now. I'm ok. I... I sometimes just can't get past the little things. Give me a serial killer and I'm fine. - Hey. - Hey, I'm ok. I'm ok. - Hello, officer. - Hi. - Is there a problem? - I don't know yet. You keep a pretty clean car. You want to pop the trunk for me? - Have I done something wrong? - Yeah, you didn't open the trunk like I asked. Ok. Hey. Stop the car! I sent my men away so they would be safe. Sent you to kill me. Look, you need to leave right now. His people are on their way. Just go home. Back to school in Germany. Just leave before they kill you. You didn't need to warn me. Thank you. Look, you can't stay here. They're on their way here right now. I'm not leaving his fate up to those monsters. I will be with him for it. It needs to be fast. Look, I'm sorry. You sent the men who would destroy you. You want to tell me why I had to come in a taxi? Jesus, that's some equipment! Aaron Bole's car. Pulled him over. Is this Maria Chivettia? She's the mayor's financial advisor. I know. Someone's conducting a tongue audit between her legs. This is a paternity suit for Rabi Korman. - Drug rehab receipts for Judge Quayle. - Well, this one's labeled, uh.. "Senator Bradwell and the campfire boys." holy shit. That's how Pezuela's gettin' everyone on board the train to carteltown... Blackmail. Just like he did you. You think this goes far enough up the ladder to save my job? Are you ready for this? Take my car. I have a ride. Uh, don't let this guy see your face. All right, asshole, come on. Let's go. Get out! Call Pezuela. Have him give you a lift. On the ride home, you can explain to him how you just lost his trunk full of leverage.