which means you're still ling your pocket on the department's dime. You wanna keep the machines, go ahead. Why, so you can still have it to hang over my head? - Yeah, that's right. - My detective found 12 bodies hacked to pieces. Well, 11 bodies, one arm. The killers were salvadoran. The victims were all mexicans. - Eduardo Romero? - Glad we found the rest of you. I'm a mexican official. Diplomatic immunity. He was present at the San Marcos murders. We want him to stick around, we make sure his $230,000 luggage gets lost. - For the exploratory committee. - It's only for 100,000. You'll get the other half when the people responsible for the San Marcos killings are brought to justice. There's an operative inside the salvadorans who can help solve the San Marcos house murders. Mexicans got something big brewing. Salvadorans want a piece of it. Chopping up the bodies, San Marcos was all about sending a message. You know who the salvadorans were who were swinging the machetes at San Marcos? It'd be the death of my cover if I started asking. - Did you talk to Shane? - He killed Lem. I know what you did to Lem. Like this journal. Everything on paper that we have done, and you're trying to blackmail us and that is no deal? Tell Kesakian I got a business proposition for him. I'm a cop he's gonna need to know. - I'm an associate. Ellis Rezian. - Kasakian's insulated. Been a while since we had a good relationship with law enforcement. - That's funny. I'm a fixer. - I'm Kesakian. Ok, I need to speak to the real Kesakian. My father's out of town. How long do you think you can keep this a secret? Long enough for a miracle. In the meantime, you think you're running the show? It's only a matter of time before Rezian finds out your father's out of the game. He's gonna come after you with everything he's got. My father still has a lot of men loyal to him, and now I have you. Claudette's been playing you since the day I showed up. She figured you'd be easier to handle if you thought there was a future here, meanwhile orchestrating things so there won't be. - You caught the man that killed Emily? - Yeah. Do you know what your daughter was doing to get her drugs? - That's not how history has to read. - Thank you. I've got an appeals hearing in a couple of weeks. They're gonna decide whether to force me out or not. I'll see what I can do. You're gonna have to fire your secretary. I don't think she's giving you all your messages. Look, I still need to reach a few more people before I know where you stand. I told you where I stand. They're kicking me to the curb next week. The question is, how you gonna stop it like you promised? It's not as manageable as I thought. You mean, not as manageable as keeping your daughter's drugging and whoring out of the press after her death? Huh? Look, I am doing all I can, detective Mackey, but I keep slamming up against your enemies in the department. We had a deal: your daughter's reputation for my job. Get back to me tomorrow. - What do you want? - An update on the San Marcos murders. Who are you? Cruz Pezuela. He's representing a local development company that has the backing of various mexican investment interests. What's that got to do with San Marcos? The San Marcos slaughter angered a lot of people here and in Mexico. Yeah, we weren't exactly thrilled about it. Did you follow up on the salvadoran gang lead we gave you? Yeah. Can't rule them out. Well, Cruz has brought me another lead, and I want you two to look into it. Go through the captain. She's the only one that gives us marching orders. It's a suspect, Javier Rincon, a salvadoran gang member who's in county jail right now. - Who's your source? - Doesn't want to be involved. What is it with you people? We got a guy who got his arm chopped off at San Marcos hiding out at the mexican consulate. Now your source wants to hide behind you? The community either wants us to solve this crime or it doesn't. - We do. - Rincon's in county? Well, if he was spouting his mouth off about San Marcos, trust me, I would have heard about it. I don't remember you two being on the schedule. Cesar Orozco. He's my source. Works construction for my company. My office will give you the site location. Now you can do something. Aceveda and his amigo had another tip about San Marcos. Sounds like bullshit. Yeah, but at least it's specific bullshit. If it's easy to comfirm or knock down, do it, but no more secret powwows with them and without me. Ronnie'll find out if Rincon has any priors. I'll find out about Orozco. We've been operating on a favor to favor basis. What you're asking, this is taking me deeper into the belly of the armenian beast - than I ever intended. - I'll pay you more. This isn't a charge by the hour. I'd need a percentage. You'll be my partner in this country. Your apartment ain't safe anymore. Next few days, - I want you to check into a motel. - They wouldn't dare to hurt me. - They know what my father would do. - Don't be so confident that your father's condition is such a secret. Gangs know, and rumors have a way of turning to fact. I will find a motel. You can't assassinate your way into filling daddy's shoes, either. Soldiers see too many heads roll, they get nervous. But I need a demonstration of my power, yes? Money's the blood of these organizations, and whoever's supplying it is the heart. Now who's putting the most cash into the peasants' pockets? Rezian. He runs the ports. Importing of all kinds. It's over 40% of my father's business. Well, he's the one who's gonna be looking to take over. He's a threat. You willing to take a short term hit for a long term gain? I've ready to save what my father built. Rincon's serving 6 months on an ag assault. They let him out 3 days ago after a month. - They threw the case out? - Too many shitheads, not enough pillows. The only thing distracting them is P.O. My revue panel's next week. - Any last minute advice? - Just tell your story. - So what do you think my chances are? - I've learned not to bet against you. Even if it's a sure thing? It fixed. Panel's already decided I'm out. Hiatt doesn't know all the facts. He should have kept his mouth shut. You're not even gonna give me a fair shot? You threw away your fair shot by taking so many crooked ones. You've got a week. I need every man on deck. If you're not up to it, you don't have to wait for the panel. Your quarterly stats are due next week. I'm gonna solve San Marcos and get you that numbers bump you need to save this place. And then you just try to sit in front of that panel and tell 'em you don't need me around here. Transcript: SW [www.sub-way.fr]</b> Synch: javawarrior2003 Fix: emicad</b> What were you inside for, Cesar? I hit my wife or something. That's what she said. Relax, man, we don't care about how you keep your lady in line. Just tell us about Rincon. I heard him bragging, you know? San Marcos or something, - so I tried to listen. - You're mexican. How'd you get close enough to the salvadorans to hear all that? We both worked in the cafeteria. I heard Rincon tell the other guy that he hacked them up while they were still alive. - Him and 2 other guys. - Rincon say why he killed 'em? - I gotta go. - Hey, you go when I say you go. Look, just answer his questions. You'll get back to your job a lot sooner. - Man, I told senor Pezuela everything. - What's Pezuela's interest in this? How's a guy like you even get face time with him? Everybody knows that he wants the salvadorans who did the San Marcos. - Yeah, but why? - You could have told the mexicans inside. You know they would've taken care of Rincon. I was the only one to get close to him. If I would have said something, they would have had me do the murder. - You were scared? - Yeah. It's not like he's your old lady or nothing. This is Garine Essagian. She keeps the books at this armenian bakery I go to. Come here. There's nothing to be afraid of. My boss has started me on working his other business. I noticed something wrong when I was going through, um, - how you say? - Uh, inventory. - The inventory. - Her boss is a guy named Rezian. The bakery is a cover for his extensive import business. Would you mind stepping out a minute? Detective Vendrell will be right with you. Just take a seat right over there. Does she have any idea what her boss would do if he knew she was even in here? Rezian is the armenian heavy down at the ports. His people rubber stamp the inspection process. This guy's got an open door to get whatever he wants into this country. Why do I get the feeling you're trying to find your own thing, Distance yourself from Vic? She's got the books going back 2 years. You wanna get a warrant or not? - Solving San Marcos is top priority. - We don't jump, she could lose her nerve, and there's plenty of bodies to go around. If Hiatt agrees and the team can handle it, then I'm ok with it. But I don't want to find her chopped off feet on my desk tomorrow morning. Yes, ma'am. - Hey, where are we with Rincon? - Left his parole officer 2 messages. - You wanna hit some salvadoran hot spots? - No. If he knows we're looking, he'll turtle. Let's wait for the P.O. The feds have been trying to wrest control of the ports away from the armenians for years. We can do it in a day. Bust this Rezian. Cut off the armenians stronghold on the docks. - What's Rezian running? - Drugs, girls, lately gasoline. Stolen, uninspected, untaxed. Shane's got some solid intel on this guy named Rezian. I brought in this girl who can help us cut off the armenians at the knees. Can we save the wild stabs in the dark until after we've caught the machete wielding psychos? No reason we can't do both. Julian, go with Shane. The rest of us stay on San Marcos. Ronnie here would raise a lot fewer eyebrows in little Armenia. All right. Make me proud. Shane's up to something, and I want to know what. That would've been a great case for Julian to cut his teeth on. You let Vic make you doubt your instincts. I'm not so insecure that I can't take good advice, all right? You know what happens if Vic wins that appeals hearing? He waits about 2 seconds to reclaim his throne, gets you bounced out of here. I'm just saying. Oh, excuse me. You helping out detective Vendrell? - Yes. - That's good, huh? Vic Mackey. How do you know Shane? He likes the bakery where I work. Hey, I need your help. My armenian's not what it should be. Pleasure. Pleasure. Shane definitely knows this girl. Well, he wouldn't mess with the armenians out of school. - Not with our history. - How can you be so sure? I never thought Shane would dig himself in such a hole with Antwon Mitchell to become his bitch, but he did. Keep an eye on him. Find out what he's into and whether it can blow back on us. Sounds like it's coming from the back. Yeah. We need Rincon to give up the other killers, so follow my lead. Police. We need to talk to Javier Rincon. Just need to chat him up. His P.O. Said we could find him here. Just take a second. - What do you want? - Javier, can you step out front - so we can talk to you, please? - I'm not leaving, man. They released me early. - I got papers and everything. - We know you're free and clear. Then talk to my ass. Bring it out the front and shoot the shit. Vic. Vic! Back it up, man. Now, you can come on your own, or I can drag you through you friends' blood. You killed 12 people. Now the mexicans want you dead. We turn you over to them right now, maybe we stop a gang war. Save a lot of lives. - I didn't kill nobody. - Your choice. We could drop you off right now and you get what you deserve, or you give us the other killers, - I fix it so you walk away. - You won't do it. Take us to Byz Lat hood. Let the mexicans get the answers out of him. - That what you want? - He made his choice. No. Back to the barn. Now. Throw this asshole in the cage. - What the hell was that? - I was about to ask you the same thing. Well, I was gonna get the names of the other 2 killers until you shit all over it. This thing is too important to play fast and loose. Yeah? Well, I hope you have another plan. 'cause these salvans don't give up their own unless it's to save their own skins. We can't use a coerced confession. - Who's gonna say it was coerced? - You know what? Some of us are gonna be here long than a week. Let's get a little sneak peek at what that's gonna look like. You can handle the interrogation. I'll call you later, hon. Who are you? - We're the police. - You got a warrant? We prefer good old fashioned cooperation. I don't. A guy named Rezian, what do you see in every one of those ships that's been through here in the last week? We got cameras. You touch me, and I'll sue the city for that house I've been wanting in Oxnard. That's the way to dream big. We know you're on Rezian's payroll. He tells you which cargo is safe for inspection. You let the rest slide in under the radar. For all we know, you're rubber stamping the import of nuclear bombs. I got a pal, homeland security. His favorite hobby is pulling the patriot act out of his ass. Or... we could get what we need another way and just tell the armenians - it came from you. - Now, that's just plain mean. Rezian's got a ship coming in every day. They usually unload around 3:00. Great. That gives us the afternoon to hear everything you know about the armenians. Waste of time. They're not gonna let this pissant into the loop. Come on. Let's go. You breath a word about this to Rezian, I'll find you... Somewhere without a camera. This is your last chance to save yourself. You give me names, I recommend to the judge you do your time in a safe place. - A safe place? - Yeah. He won't give up the others. We're gonna have to find some other leverage. One killer's a start. Will the construction worker Orozco testify? - I think so, yes. - That's a mistake. Why's that? The kind of guys who'll chop up a house full of people? I hate to think what they'd do next - or who they'd be doing it for. - What are you talking about? Remember the one-armed man with the suitcase full of cash? First the mexican government sent him his I.D. Then Pezuela shows up with his arm up Aceveda's ass, getting tips from prison, representing a company with the backing of mexican interests? Now there's a conspiracy? Solving these 12 murders is as big as I need now. Then let me get Rincon to talk. But if you'd rather walk away with half a win and the other killers free to do it again, you stick with your boy here. I can't drop you off in Byzland, but word that you're the killer is gonna hit the mexican side of the street, if it hasn't already. Means I need my own people to keep my back. Unless I can convince Santi and the rest of the mexicans that you didn't do it. It takes your price off the street. You give us the other killers that we need, you can start scheduling your next welcome home party. - You can convince the wetbacks? - Count on it. - I gotta hear with my own ears. - No problem. Japanese american male. Single hit to the head. Bruised chin. Bit of a scuffle, but he didn't put up much of a fight. Looks like Dorothy was an internet cruiser. Maybe he invited the wrong person over for a quickie. Ladies and gents, we've got ourselves a homicide. - No sign of forced entry. - Yeah, not in the apartment, anyway. - Uh, what about a murder weapon? - We've been all through the place. The guy actually filled out his emergency contact information. - His parents live in Eagle Rock. - I hate notifications. - Steve can do it. - Oh, no. No way. The folks probably didn't even know junior switched sides. I'm really gonna miss that quick-mealer. Fine. Can I have that? Ma-san balled all over me. I put an internet profile on your desk. You should read it. Have you ever seen a japanese lady wail? - Somebody had to do it. - Danny or Tina. I'm not gonna let you rule my life over this vending machine thing. Sure you are. Read the profile. "Mason Heller. Film nut. Good guy looking for someone looking for something real." Our suspect. Called the victim 6 times in the last 8 days, Final time last night at 10:00. M.E. puts tentative T.O.D. at 11:00. Here he is, even as we speak. Hey, I tried that restaurant you recommended. - Best spring rolls in L.A., right? - Yeah. Anyway, thanks for the tip. Guess whose apartment is 2 blocks away from where the victim lives. I thought we'd head back to the scene, see if Mason dropped the murder weapon - on the way home. - Good thinking. Is this a friday? It feels like a wednesday. Yeah, day after thursday, which relates to you bashing your lover's face in how? Tell me about Alan. - I really should go. - Well, you're not under arrest. But if you do try to leave, we will file charges and detain you officially. What happened to your hand? Maybe you cut it flattening a guy's skull. Mason? Mason? - I know this is hard. - Oh, come on. This is the male version of the same old pathetic story. Guy gets the hots bad for a nice piece of ass and he can't deal with rejection. You wanna be pissed at me, get even, - don't do it in there. - Aw, come on. It's not my fault the guy's got one foot in the psych ward. He's just fragile. And since psychological complexity isn't exactly your strong suit, back off. Do you got any crisp singles? I wanna get a cup of soup out of one of your machines while they're still there. Have to be getting close. It cost me 60 bucks to fill my truck. Of course, Mara insists on full serve. You want to chat up a buddy, go find one. That's Rezian. This is it. - So do I need to watch my back? - Do I? - Hey, police! Let's go! - Down on your knees! On your knees. On your knees. Drop that money! Drop that money! You're under arrest for the importing of illegal goods. You mention one word about how I helped you out with that gas station owner - and I'll up the charge to murder. - You make big mistake. - I'll call for transport. - Yeah. My people won't let you get away with this. You don't have people. Kesakian junior's in charge now, so your crew ain't happening. You keep causing trouble, we'll just suffocate you on your own gonads. Was Alan thinking about filing a restraining order? Ok. Thanks for your help. Welcome back. - Wish we had better news. - No murder weapon? No. Walked it 5 different ways. Looked under every bush, hit every trash can. Wait a minute. You got these 2 beautiful women looking in trash cans? - it's part of the job, right? - Ha ha ha ha. - Garbage pickup's tomorrow afternoon. - Ok. - Hey, my man. - Hey. You are my hero. Oh, yeah? Why's that? Hanlon. Oh, I'm sorry. I just assumed, the way she talks about you. Never mind. I don't make a habit of banging chicks that know where to find me in the morning. So the dutchman has a shot then? - Dutch? - Sure. You get her fires all stoked, heat's gotta go somewhere, right? He's been working that caring mentor angle like there's no tomorrow. Uh-huh. You lost, my friend. Dutchy bailed out on me. What happened to you? Look, I told you I'd make another deal and give you the guys who did San Marcos, and I will. No more deal. We can take care of the San Marcos business ourselves. - Rincon didn't do it. - That's not what we hear. He's a poser. She shot off his mouth for juice inside. He didn't kill those people or he'd be sitting here right now - courtesy of me. - Why should I believe you? 'cause I'm trying to prevent more bloodshed. And I'd glad give up the assholes who hacked up those people to do it. I have a lead about the real killers. You sit tight for a day, forget about Rincon, and you'll get your justice. One day. After that, somebody's gonna pay. I don't give a shit who. Feel safer now? Vic get the names of his accomplices? Yeah. - These names better check out. - They will. - So when do I get out of here? - Answers first. How'd you kill those people at San Marcos? Something big's coming up. I didn't get too much details. All I know is we were cut out by the mexicans and people are pissed off. Who ordered you to do it? Guardo. He said we were sending a message. Kill everybody in the house jungle style. There's a dude by the name of Romero. We were supposed to leave him alive. So you just cut off his arm. Know a guy named Cruz Pezuela? Nah. Don't know him. Ok. Stay put. It's gonna take a while to get you sprung. How'd it go with Shane? Well, he wasn't too subtle about not wanting me to dig deeper into the armenians. What happens when we don't give Santi his revenge? Hell breaks loose, unless we can find a way to make Claudette and the mexicans happy. Here he is. Rincon punked us. Our guy wasn't where he said he... Second guy was a no-show, too, but Ronnie sweet talked the sister. They're both getting sloshed at a bar up the street. - Let's go catch us some killers. - I'll call for backup. Police! Everybody stay right where you are. You. Take your glasses off. Damn! Not such a sweet talker after all, huh? Hey. What happened to staying at the motel? I need a few things for my father. I was gonna go in only for a minute, but... The door. I felt someone inside. Did you see anything? Did you hear anything? Just the feeling. You think I'm paranoid? You'd be stupid not to be. I'll be right back, ok? Hey! Police! Stay where you are! Stay where you are right now! Come here. Let me tell you something. Rezian's behind bars, so the port business and the dreams that go with it went bye-bye. The only way you're gonna earn is to fall in line with Kesakian's daughter. She's in charge now. Spread the word. They know about my father. They wouldn't dare to do this otherwise. I busted Rezian accepting an illegal shipment, so his port business won't be up and running any time soon. Then these men need to understand that they need me. Yeah. Rezian's gonna come back kicking and screaming, so we need to find a way to keep him behind bars for the long haul. He has a warrant, or the books. Yeah, and a star witness who's not who she says she is. Don't worry. This is where I start earning my keep. Get up. - Rincon being innocent is bullshit. - You lied to me? Only way I could get him to give up these 2 assholes. The good news is after 18 months of a long prosecution, - you'll know exactly where to find him. - Him later. I'll take what you got now. What's the good word? Don't tell me you haven't reached the right people yet. I can't help you. I'm sorry. I tried, but it's not possible. - Try harder. - No. Well, I guess it's time the world knew who your daughter really was. You won't do that. You won't say anything because you want to still keep your job. You change your story now, it'll reveal how you manipulated the circumstances of my daughter's case, - you'll expose yourself as unethical. - Ha ha ha ha. I've been accused of worse. No. This time you're gonna verify it with your own words. Look, I tried to keep up my part of the deal, but you've built a mountain of bad will too high to climb. Good luck, detective. Wilshire division found 2 bodies in an alley off Pico. Well, at least Santi remembered where to dump 'em. Wilshire sent over the pictures. - They our 2 missing killers? - Well, what's left of them. Their wallets were found in a trash can down an alley. Our poking around must have flushed 'em out. I would have preferred them back here alive and talking. Wilshire's homicide rate just went up by 2, but you still have one live murderer to trot in front of the cameras right here in Farmington. San Marcos is officially closed. Thank you. Well, we got the guys who wielded the machetes, but not the guys who ordered it. You need me, I'll be digging into how Aceveda's lap dog fits into this puzzle. It's just a matter of time before we find the murder weapon, Mason. I can't tell you anything. You won't. There's a fairly significant difference. It's not a crime to like someone. It is if they don't like you back and you kill 'em. Did Alan say he didn't want to see you anymore? Alan... Mason, here's what we're dealing with. There are several people who say you were hounding him. That's supported by the phone records. There was no forced entry, so we know he knew his attacker, and you called him an hour before he died. Now, if you could give us an alibi, but you don't seem to have one. I can't tell you anything. Please. I can't. - Why doesn't he ask for a lawyer? - What's the point? Then why hasn't he confessed? Well, you're the theorizer. You ask. Sucks about Sofer not letting you take a run at her killer. - What do you mean? - Oh, I shouldn't have said anything. We were gonna bring you into interrogation, give you a chance to show your stuff, but she wouldn't have it. Said you didn't have the skills. Really? I guess it's understandable. - Understandable? - Well, sure. I mean, obviously she's making a play for Hiatt. Him thinking you're a screwup just makes you less of a threat. Sort of petty, but that poor guy can't take his eyes off you, so what else is she gonna do? You think Kevin's into me? - I know he's definitely not into her. - Oh, I don't know. I've seen 'em cozy a couple times. Look, I'm gonna stay out of it. So please, don't say anything to Danny 'cause she'll know it was me. Sure. You're safe here. Just gonna make sure that Rezian understood his end of our conversation. Then we'll get you out of here. Turns out no Garine Essagian works at Rezian's bakery. But the nice lady on the phone told me that Kesakian's daughter Diro helps out with the books from time to time. Sounds like Shane made a big bust today. On behalf of the department, thank you. - I'm glad I could help. - So... - what brings you to the United States? - Opportunity. The weather. Your father? I hear Kesakian's in the hospital. I'm sorry. My father's a noble man. He's also the leader of a bunch of brutal yahoos. - Now, where do you fit into that? - My father is a businessman. I just translate, keep the books. The real ones or the fake ones? Look, you seem like a very nice girl. I'm sure your intentions are good. Then why are we having this conversation? Because you need a friend in this department. Someone besides Shane Vendrell. You ever heard of Antwon Mitchell? He was the leader of a black gang called the one-niners. Shane and he did some business last year. Some heat came down and an innocent 14-year-old girl got killed. Now Mitchell's spending the rest of his life behind bars. That has nothing to do with anything. Shane's still under investigation, and so is everyone he comes in contact with. I don't know what kind of arrangement you two have between you if any, but just know... When the chips fall, they always land on Shane's side of the table. You need anything, Diro, you call me. Hey! Hey! - Hey, where you going? - This is not going to work. - That cop knows what's going on. - Who? Detective Mackey. Hey, listen to me. Listen to me. Look, whatever he told you was a fishing expedition. - He doesn't know anything. - He knew my name, who my father is. I can control him. I'll see you get compensation for today, and I thank you. But we cannot be partners. I have to be careful. - Hey, listen to me... - Do not bother me again. Hey! What the hell did you say to my C.I.? Who, Garine Essagian? Told her to stay the hell away from you, same as I would any girl. She didn't concern you. If she's putting money in your pocket, she does. You don't get to profit off this place. Not anymore. We don't need you dragging us into yet another Vendrell shitpile special. You stay out of my way. - This'll all go a lot smoother. - I'm not looking for smooth. I'm looking to make you as miserable as I possibly can. Oh, you gotta try harder. I've been working for you so long, I got a high tolerance. Whatever you got going on with this broad, it ends now. I want you out of Farmington and away from everyone in it. What are we, 5 days and counting till that appeals panel shoves your badge up your ass? - Tells you to find greener pastures? - I'm not gong anywhere. There's no trap door this time, Vic. - They got you boxed in. - Stay away from the Kesakians. I'll stop by and say hi when you start your security job in Northridge. Meantime, I'm pulling my request for a transfer. You're leaving, so I may as well stay. A man brought this in. Said he found it in the bed of his pickup, which was parked a block from Alan's house last night. But you already knew that. We take this down to the lab, it's gonna come back with your fingerprints on it. - It's just a matter of time. - My time. - You said that before. - Why don't you tell us what happened. Judge are always more inclined to be lenient after you've confessed. - You ever heard of progeria? - It's a kind of disease, right? Only 40 kids in the world have it. I knew one, Johnny Wilcox. He was cool. Yeah, you get old really fast. You shrivel up. Get arthritis. He died when we were 12. Massive heart attack. Everyone thinks they have more time. I saw Johnny when they took him out of his house after he died. Just a... tiny little bump under a sheet. Do you want to see Alan's body? We could take you down there. No. I just... I want to stay here. A good margarita on the rocks with salt. - None of that blended shit. - Jack. Neat. Ice is for pussies. Now a bad day, that's a vodka Martini. Who says all cops are alcoholics, huh? - And then there are days like this. - So what's it gonna be? Definitely a 3 Martini night. Hey, get me out of here. The deal was 2 for 1. Alive. Guess the mexicans screwed you by getting to 'em first. Tough luck. Glad you came up for air. Just in time to I.D. the San Marcos suspect. He'll cooperate as soon as all his property is returned to him. Oh, you mean the briefcase with the 200 grand inside? I forgot to ask what all that money was for. And he never has to answer that. Somebody chopped my arm off, getting paid would be the last thing on my mind. Well, when you've lived through that experience, we'll be interested in your comments. How do we expedite the return of the money? Silent types always made me curious, so I did a little homework. I understand you went to college with Cruz Pezuela. The guy hangs with an interesting crowd, everything from government officials to mexican cons. - What's that have to do with my client? - I don't know yet... But I'm gonna find out. Let's go. You might have heard I'm out of here. They say I got 5 days left, and I'm gonna use every second of 'em to find out what's going on here. Why those people died and you didn't, where that money was going, and what Pezuela's angle is in all of this. Your suspect still here? He never asked to leave. He wants to sit in interrogation all night, let him. Any fingerprints come back on the statue? Uh, tomorrow morning. - You look tired. You should go. - If only. What do I have to do? - Change is hard for everybody. - You still need me. - Hiatt, he's not gonna get it done. - He'll have his chance. What, like today? He's a sheep, not a shepherd. You pushed him too fast. I solved this thing before the quarterly stats were due. You gonna tell me that saving this place doesn't earn me a spot here? Nothing that happened today is gonna change what I have to say to the panel. Forget the panel. You've gotta give me more time to get into the San Marcos thing, Pezuela's place in it. We have 3 murders whose only link was to Guardo. He's either missing or dead. You're done. - I can get to the truth of this thing. - Maybe, but we'll never know. Because it's somebody else's job now. I'm going after Pezuela. I'm gonna dig up all the dirt you two have been playing in, and I'm gonna bring both of you down. You use your last few hours here any way you want to, detective. I'll bet at the end of it all, I'm gonna find out that it was you who gave up Hernan's cover, too. - Who's Hernan? - Undercover I.C.E. Agent. Infiltrated the salvadorans. He was on the verge of giving us the San Marcos intel when word leaked that the salvadorans had a mole. Did you tell your good buddy Cruz about the undercover agent - working the salvadorans? - No. Sure you did. All I have to do is prove it. Good morning. How you doing? Never better. Actually, a little busy. So I've been doing some research, and it turns out there's a lot of people that are looking to hire former cops. You could be an investigator for a law firm or a P.I. I know it's not what you want, but you'd be good at it. You could take care of the kids. - Thanks for pulling this together. - No problem. Uh... I'm sorry... About everything that's happened. I can't believe it. We have a problem. what's that? I heard the cop who solved the murders is being forced out. Mackey? That's been a long time coming. - Can we do anything about it? - No. That's done. Well, wouldn't it make more sense for the community to keep good cops who share our interests? - That's not gonna happen. - I'd like you to reconsider. There are plenty of good cops in Farmington, - despite your experience. - Not like him. The department will be better off without him and so will the community. You just have to trust me on that. The rest of what I promised for your exploratory committee. I might take a few days to cash it. If you don't confess, we're gonna arrest you solely on the evidence. You're going to jail. It really is just a matter of time. Sometimes I think if you don't admit it to yourself, to me, what's gonna happen isn't gonna happen. But... some things are just inevitable once certain forces are set in motion. Can't change it back. Yeah. It's done. If I tell you how it happened, how sorry I am, and that all I wanted... was to love him... And be loved back, can I stay here a while longer? Sure. Until we need the room. The second I leave here, my life is over. Eat your breakfast. - I told you, stay away. - Just give me a minute. Ok? You checked out of the motel. They found out about my father's illness. - They will come again. I won't hide. - I'll protect you. I already have. Is that what your friend Antwon Mitchell thought? Antwon. Is that what Vic told you? He told me many things. That a little girl got killed, that you are being investigated. Well, that's a crock of shit. Vic's been on I.A.D.'s radar for years. He's being swept out as we speak. And that little girl was not my fault. - He has no reason to lie to me. - He has every reason to lie to you. He does. What'd he do, give you a shoulder to cry on? Offer to lend a helping hand? He'll be reaching into your pocketbook - by next week. - Like you? - I need to be alone. Now please go. - No. You're gonna believe me first. - I'm better off on my own. - You're gonna get killed without me. Look... I saved your life yesterday. I took down Rezian. I got him out of the way so that you could assume the throne. That was me. I'll pay you more. Look, I risked my ass for you. My job. - Now, that's not how this shit works. - I'm sorry. Good-bye! Go. I mean it. Go! Listen to me. Vic stole from your father. The armenian money train? Got robbed a few years back? A few guys got killed? The money was never found? That was Vic. Him and his guys. And he asked me to be a part of it. When I said no, I became a threat. Vic's had a bull's-eye on my back ever since. My father lost 6 months of profit in that. Well, I guess you've had a much better understanding of your father's dealings than you told me. Well, that's it. Full disclosure. Both of us. Now whose side do you want to be on? - I'm gonna have to deal with him, too. - Who, Vic? - Wait a second. I didn't tell you that... - But you have told me, and you were right before. I must finish the job. There is no middle ground. The mayor come crying back to you already? That happened faster than I thought it would. - Congratulations on solving the murders. - Thank you, but I'm not finished. - Couldn't have done it without my tip. - Or at least not as fast. Stop turning over rocks. Not until I find out what's crawling underneath. Yeah, I was just telling Aceveda how much this city needs cops like you. He doesn't see it that way. - Not yet. - Not ever. Yeah, you can keep wasting my time. I'm gonna have plenty of it. I can get you your job back. I had a city controller trying to save my job, and he owed me. He has 10 times the juice you have and he got nothing done. He has 10 times the juice, but I have one more picture. That's Aceveda. Where did you get this? When was it taken? Gun to his head. Rather than stand up like a man to his attackers, he gets on his knees and takes a man's dick in his mouth. Don't think that'll play too well with the voters. Except maybe in West Hollywood. Use it any way you want, so long as it doesn't come back to me. Save your job... But stop digging.