know how to get myself out. You're talking to the right guy. Hanging with shane is gonna push our heads under. We need shane right now. You know what's at stake here for me. Shane's Armenian friends can get to our families anytime they want. Shane? Lem, I'm sorry! And the way he died... shit. And he never turned on us! You killed him because you were scared. He was strong, and you were a coward! All I was doing was following your game plan, coach! You don't get to do what you did for free. You're gonna pay that Bill. It's the third time this month. If our chip's too close to the place, the thing goes off. I got the back. D-d-don't shoot. Sir, you all right? Where are your clothes? Just stay where you are. Stay where you are. You got a moment? I just put a call in to one of my contacts at justice. Regarding what? It's time to end this and turn over the blackmail box to them. And I'm giving you the opportunity to come with when I do it so we can share the credit. I want Pezuela in jail, and not for 30 days on some pissant charge his lawyer can plead down to a fine. Hey, I'm the one still washing Robert Martin's blood out of my suit. So this off-the-books investigation is done. What about Olivia? If you turn over that box now, you're throwing a good woman and her career under the bus. She got herself into that jam. All she did was to get arm-twisted into helping a couple of illegals cross the border. She doesn't even deal with Pezuela directly. She got blackmailed into committing an illegal act. She's the only link we know about for sure, so if she's got to get dragged down to bust Pezuela, so be it. Iook... Pezuela uses a guy named rios to do his dirty work. Now, if I can catch rios red-handed... and make him give us Pezuela... but if you can do that, so can the feds. I'm on the inside. I'm the only one now who can get Pezuela to trip up. You've had your chance. Just give me one more day. If I can't pull this off... we can both walk into your buddy's office the day after tomorrow. All right, you get 36 hours. But that box is getting turned in whether you sting rios or not. He had blood on his hands and chest. No visible lacerations or cuts, though. What happened to his clothes? He was naked when we found him. Seemed scared. He thinks he hurt somebody but can't remember anything. Trying to get someone to come down, run a test, psych exam. This time of night, good luck. You guys want him when we're through? Steve? I'm a little busy here. Any naked girls show up, though, you give me a holler? If psych doesn't want him, I'll take him in the morning. Okay. The last time we were here... shane stood right next to us. He watched as I vowed to get the guy who killed Lem. All this time has passed, and I still haven't made good on my promise. Why are we here? Aceveda's taking the box to justice day after tomorrow. We're gonna lose a lot of leverage with Rezian when he finds out that box is out of play. What do we do? I've been standing here for the last two hours trying to figure that out. I think I've come up with a way to dig us out of our hole. Which one? All of 'em. I got a plan that's gonna get rid of our Armenian problem for good... take care of Pezuela in a way that secures my badge and that'll give Lem the justice he deserves. You were right. We can't just wait around until shane makes a mistake that's gonna drown us. As long as he's around, we'll never breathe free air again. Wait a second. If we go through with what you're talking about, there's no turning back. Never thought I'd have to convince you. You don't. But doing this, in a rush, to meet some deadline? We're bound to make a mistake. Iook, it's time we made good on our vow. We owe it to Lem. What's the plan? What I'm thinking about won't ever lead back to us. Where you guys been? We've been talking. I may have let the rough patch between us make me a little hardheaded about the blackmail box. I told Vic about that conversation that we had. As soon as that thing is back in Pezuela's hands, Rezian's eternally grateful... we can move past all this. The problem is Pezuela is not gonna want to pay for something he considers his. But Rezian might. Our third and final wish to the armenians. And considering all the hell we've been through, might as well earn a little scratch for it. Call Rezian. Tell him the owner of the box is willing to sell it for a price. Okay. We get a couple of cholos to play the role of our sellers. I'd say we could milk at least 100 grand out of this. I'll find the cholos. You get us some face time with Rezian this morning. We got to agree to terms before we make the delivery. Yeah, sure. I got to tell you, it's gonna feel real good to move past this. I already feel like there's this weight... oh, I'm sorry. Am I interrupting something? Look what crawled in. Tavon. How you doing? I, uh... I'm pretty good. Just got off disability a few weeks ago. Still have some physical therapy to do, though. That's great, man. Yeah, they got your boy working Hollywood now. Hollywood? Blow jobs for b-listers. Sounds like good therapy to me. It's not so bad. It's, uh... hey, Julien. Oh, you went out and found yourself another brother? They letting you ride in the front of the bus yet? Sorry. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Listen, Julien, these guys, they might be tight, but they're not unbreakable. Listen, my sympathies about Lem. Uh, thanks. What brings you to the Barn? Oh, I actually came to talk to that guy. Uh, you got a minute to run upstairs and chat with your captain? Yeah. What about? Gary barba. Hope he fell into a meat grinder. Actually, he popped back up on the grid, and he landed right in my lap. Sure, yeah. Let's go. I'll, uh... I'll catch you guys later. Yeah, see you later. Who's Gary barba? A blast from shane's past. Don't worry. He won't slow us down. I liked barba for a rape back when Vic and I were working vice. We couldn't get enough to bring him in. Piece of shit goes off and kills his family a week later. Only survivor was his 10-year-old daughter, camille. And he's been a fugitive ever since. I mean, completely off the radar for six years, until this week, when he reached out to camille. No shit. Yeah, her foster family lives in Hollywood. They contacted us two days ago. How's cammy doing? She's in bad shape. I mean, he's been calling her every day. At first, he wasn't even talking, just... breathing. And now he's trying to get her to meet face-to-face. Camille told me that she was close to you. I stayed with her in protective custody while we were trying to track down her... asshole of a dad. Camille isn't comfortable with going face-to-face with her old man, even with a battalion of undercovers around her. She said she'd only do it if shane was there with her. Can Ronnie spare you? For this? Yeah. You know what? I got to wrap up a few things here first. I'll, um... I'll met you there? Yeah, listen, before we get into all this... I just really want to apologize to you... for hitting Mara that night. Iook, what happened in the past is exactly that. I've moved on. And so has my wife. I really am sorry. Okay. Anything interesting? Barba's back. We got a chance to take him today. I'm gonna assist. We got that other thing today. I know. I'll set it up, but then I'm gonna have to go back and forth. I need you to appreciate the seriousness of what we're trying to do here. I do. But barba is here today. Tavon say anything else? No. No, he still thinks he smacked Mara around. Good. Got enough problems as it is. What's the daily word from the streets? More like a whisper. Nothing worth repeating. Nothing on the armenians? Let me decide that. I might have heard something. But I'd rather not tell you about it. 'Cause I'm afraid of what you'd do with the information. I don't pay you to be afraid. You don't pay me enough to stand by while you assassinate city officials, either. It made my point. Yeah. And it scared the real Armenian targets right into hiding. And do you know where they are? Look, I need to be sure there will be no more civilian casualties. I already made my point. All right, the word is the Armenian board of directors is meeting, all of them, in one spot. Where and when? Tonight. I'll have all the details soon. Coordinate with rios. Give him the details. If you're gonna go through with this, it's gonna burn hot and bright for a long time. Now, it might be best if your boys get lost afterwards. Real lost. Why would he come back now? Baby, your old man is a bad penny. He was bound to show up sooner or later. The important thing is I am here, and I am not going anywhere until you're safe and he's under arrest. Shane and I will be listening the whole call. Okay? And he can guide you through any bumps. You ready for when he calls? I'm ready. Are you? Look, you don't want him out there, never knowing when he's gonna show up again. And trust me, cammy, you are better off dealing with trouble now than looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life. Okay? Oh, God. Jesus, I've been calling you all morning. I practically beat in the front door. I thought you were supposed to be at the hospital. I took a personal day. Are you all right? Yeah, yeah. What's going on? We were supposed to meet, remember? To talk about counseling for cass. Can we do it tomorrow? You've been bitching to me about being more involved. Now you want to do it tomorrow? I just... are you... let me look at you. Are you on something? God damn it, you're high. I couldn't sleep last night. I had these pills. What kind of pills? The kind that help you sleep. Well, looking at your eyes, they look like downs. Do you have any idea how addictive those things are? Between shane kidnapping us and your ex-cop buddy guarding us, I haven't had a lot of rest lately. Our three children are living in this house under your supervision. If you have to pop downs in order to handle what's happening, maybe we should figure out a different plan. That's just great. Let that be the last thing you say before you leave. Our daughter's falling apart, and you're snoring the day away? I can't remember anything after 11:00 last night. Where were you then? Watching the news at home. I must have fallen asleep. I sleepwalk. Really? You ever woken up in strange places before? Most of the time, I come to in my house. Garage or the kitchen. Most of the time? Once, I woke up at a convenience store. I was arrested for public indecency. I was naked then, too. How does your... girlfriend feel about you running all over town naked? I don't have a girlfriend. I'm married. Well, been separated six months. Do any drugs last night? Have anything to drink? No, I'm recovering. Any idea who you might have hurt? I was sleepwalking. You ever see a doctor about this problem? I know how it sounds. I'm just scared I hurt someone. I want to make sure they're all right. Officer Hanlon took a sample of the blood that's on you. As soon as we get a type, we can match it against any reported assaults, murder victims in the area. Was somebody murdered? Let's not get ahead of ourselves. What happened to your wrists? Um... sometimes I tie myself up at night. Stop myself from leaving. Okay. This isn't the first time he's been caught waving his willy. Yeah, he told me. Iooks like unis responded to a 911 call from his wife six months ago, right around the time Jeff said they were separated. Could be our victim. Let's track her down, find out. How's that tavon thing coming along? Stopped by to check on camille. She looks great, man. Ought to see her. She's really grown up in the last few years. Really likes her new family, too. Hey, you got a lockdown on this old man yet? 'Cause we got to tell Rezian what time this thing's happening. Iooks like barba wants the meeting in the park. This is gonna be this afternoon. Got to tell you, it's gonna feel really good righting that wrong. Let's go get paid. Okay. Open up, you shitheads! Come on, open this door. Goddamn. Smells like dog's ass in here. You boys forget to slap on some deodorant? Till my people stop getting slaughtered, I'll be interested in survival, not luxury. You said you have the box? I don't. But I found out who does. Someone in the mexi organization has been pulling a fast one on his bosses, pointing the finger at you while he plays God with his little box of intel. And now that the heat's getting too high, he wants to offload the box once and for all. Asking price is $100,000. As far as I'm concerned, that's cheap. You're gonna make 10 times that in blackmail alone. Or sell it back to the mexis for twice as much... and end this war. This sounds like a Mexican problem. Let their gang handle it internally. The Mexicans think you still have it, so it's gonna stay your problem. And eventually, you're gonna run out of lamb kabobs, have to poke your head out. Now, hopefully you won't catch a bullet anywhere it hurts. Forget it. I'll have no problem getting another buyer. Can I see this box? 9:00 tonight. That is, if you can get the cash that soon. The money is not a problem. Good. The sellers want to bring a full crew, guarantee their protection. Then I want a full crew, as well. Fine. You bring your three lieutenants with you, no weapons. I'll screen the Mexicans, make sure no one has an itchy trigger finger. Absolutely not. You're asking me to expose myself and my men while there's a target on our heads? I'll be there with you, armed. Anything looks out of place, I'll pull the plug. Can't get a better guarantee than that. Here you go. Thanks. What's this? Composite sketches of the Robert Martin shooters. Mayor wants them hung in every precinct. Help yourself. A man attacks you in the line of duty, and this is the first time I'm hearing about it? Army surplus room was supposed to be cleared. I didn't want to get another officer in trouble. You understand if you had stepped forward sooner... I spent hours looking through mug shots on my own time. This guy wasn't in any of them. I mean, this is the first time I've even come across his face since that night. New intel which makes the Robert Martin shooters the same as our body draggers. I need the strike team to look into where they are. Any gangs you can roust. I know where shane is. Where's Vic? He's on his way here now. From doing what? He's running down a lead. On what? On this ongoing Mexican/Armenian shit. The shit is what you're trying to feed me. I put you in charge of the strike team so that I can have somebody who could be held accountable. Captain, he's running down a lead. If I wanted to be lied to daily, I would have left him in charge. Now, the truth is that he is running around out there doing God knows what while you are content to sit back and cover his ass repeatedly! Now, I've told you time and time again, so a reprimand goes in your jacket. One more, you lose the team, plus your job, if I can manage it. You understand? Yeah. I am prepared to make it through putting up with Vic's bullshit till the hearing. The question is, who's gonna be left after he's gone? Hey. Where you off to? Somebody connected a few dots. Claudette knows that the Martin shooters are the same guys who did the body draggings. She connected them to rios yet? No. What happened with Rezian? He's in. Shane even offered to ride the deal from the Armenian side. I didn't even have to suggest it to him. I think he's already spent his share of the 100 g's. Holy shit. This is gonna work, isn't it? Blood tests on the naked guy came back. Can you believe this? My lawyer says my disability case is hanging by a thread. I'm lucky to get payment for days missed. Um, sorry? Where we at on Mr. Basada? Blood on his hands and chest came back ab-negative, as in not his, but get this. The wife's 911 call was because he was choking her in her sleep. Claims he doesn't remember doing it. Because he was sleep-killing. I think the parasomnia claim is bullshit. He lied to cover up what he did, just like he lied to the ex-wife. We don't find the victim, he just comes off as paranoid. We do, he's already established his defense. That Lloyd kid burned you, gets away with shooting a school buddy, you start taking out everybody who walks through that door? Quit projecting on this guy. Uh, I would hardly say Lloyd burned me. And haven't you got a lawsuit to lose? Sounds like it's time to have another talk with Mr. Basada. I'd love to, but I got a legal catastrophe on my hands here. Dutch boy's gonna have to screw this one up without me. I guess I'm on my own? I could use the diversion. You okay? What's wrong? I just got a call from rios. He says he needs safe passage out of the country for himself and two others late tonight. Something big must be going down today. I haven't heard any lip-flapping on the street. I've been thinking of turning myself in. Deal with this the way that I should've from the beginning. You've done nothing but try to protect your brother. Don't worry. I will keep you clear of this. This is my litter box. I'm not worried about myself. But why is it that people like Pezuela walk around free while you're falling on your sword? Because I don't have any other options right now. Because I did wrong. You always have other options. Let's say you were gonna help these guys with this task. I'm not. I'm just trying to figure out a way to string them along, buy us some time. Time to do what? If we can deliver rios on something solid, we can get him to turn on Pezuela. Whatever they're planning today sounds like a perfect opportunity. And if we don't figure out what they're up to in time? Vic, I can't have any more blood on my hands. We'll never let it come to that. Now, just call rios, tell him that you're trying to get his paperwork together. Meanwhile, I'll find out why he's in such a rush to leave, okay? Yeah. I'm gonna take care of you on this. Señor rios. You give lube jobs dressed like that? You have information for me? Witnesses made two of your boys for the Robert Martin killing. Same two guys who dragged a couple of Salvadorans around like tin cans on a limo. Are these the same two guys you plan on using for our thing tonight? Half the force is already out looking for them. Make sure they can't be found. They won't be. How's your exit strategy coming along? How are your boys skipping town? That's not your concern. With my badge on the line and Pezuela about to be my only paycheck, you bet your ass it's my concern. Call has been made. I'm not gonna do this dance after every question. How is it being handled? I received confirmation that our new identification is being drafted. Satisfied? Be at the armo junkyard on bradwell, little after 9:00. Everyone will be there? Everyone that counts. You put one of them in the ground... you better make sure you put them all there. Anyone having better luck than me finding these assholes? South side door-to-door got me nothing but blank stares. Byz lats are in the dark, too. How'd the takedown go? Asshole dad sent something and almost canceled. So I'm gonna have to push that other thing a little bit later. Uh, show me which locations we have left to hit. I don't think this other thing can wait until later. Why not? You know the cholos, right? Just tell them to push an hour. What if Rezian gets cold feet because of these changes? It's a couple of hours, man. Which is it? One hour or a couple of hours? All right, fine. I'll make sure our Mexican proxies know the meeting has been pushed, but make sure you and the armos are there on time, okay? I wouldn't miss this for the world. Okay. I was grabbing sophia, not choking her. I was asleep when I did it. That's not what you told your wife. In fact, you told her you didn't remember what you did. I didn't know what was happening at the time. I was embarrassed. Let's, uh... talk about your trip to the convenience store a month earlier. I was asleep then, too. I was. I swear. I have a disorder. It's called parasomnia, Jeff. And if you'd really had a problem this severe these past six months, I think you'd know what the proper name for it was. I wasn't really diagnosed. And yet it's your excuse for everything, and yet you won't see a doctor about it. You're a recovering alcoholic, Jeff. You'd hurt someone while drunk last night and still be accountable for it. It doesn't mean that it isn't true. It doesn't. You want to know what I think? I think the demise of your marriage was making you feel powerless. Being naked in public was a way to get that power back. In truth, you like making people experience discomfort. Most exhibitionists do. That's the rush. Until it doesn't work anymore. You amp it up. Attack someone. I think you probably got into some kinky sex. That would account for the rope burns on your wrist. Only last night, things went a little too far. She got scared. So you silenced her. Unburden yourself, Jeff. You did a bad thing. Don't make it worse by lying about it. I'm not lying. Just tell us who the victim is. I never... I never meant to hurt anybody. I swear, I'm not a bad person. Why don't you leave Mr. Basada and me alone for a moment, Dutch? I ran rios through the database at I.c.E. Yeah, there's nothing. There was nothing. But today, I ran him again, and he was flagged. They put him on a federal watch list. Bank accounts, travel, and surveillance. What kind of surveillance? Camera cops documenting his whereabouts and contacts, 24/7. Audio, too? I don't know. Vic, if he gets grabbed, I'll be the first name out of his mouth. I need to turn myself in now while I still have some control. Turning yourself in might clear your conscience for a few hours, but it's not gonna stop what rios has planned. And if he thinks you're a burden, he's gonna disappear for good. I can arrange a meet to give him the fake ids and arrest him there. That way, I can turn myself in with him. You still could get him red-handed, get you out clean. What's done is done, Vic. I'll never be clean of this. Feds are running visual surveillance on rios. Could be audio, too. Shit. Photos of me and rios chatting on the same day this thing goes down? It's gonna be hard to deny involvement when we arrest him for the armo hit. Do we call it off? If letting rios and his shooters slip through the cracks means my family being safe, that's worth going through with it. It might delay us getting Pezuela, but at least we get Rezian and his crew members who knew about me and the money train. And shane, finally. I'll call you. Who told you this? Believe me, it's solid. With the feds watching rios, he's of no use to us. Find a way to get a message to him. Tell him to stay clear of that junkyard, too. I'll have his men do the job without him. We have to assume that whatever exit rios has planned was compromised. Got to find another way to get these guys out. Understood. You said earlier that you were embarrassed to tell your wife that you were asleep when you tried choking her. Why? It's hard to explain. Try me. Well, it's disgusting. That I did that in my sleep... shows those feelings actually exist some... somewhere in me. It must be difficult. That moment when you awoke... and she said what you did while subconscious, I'm guessing that's a lot of shame with that loss of control. Must be tiring, too, having to defend your actions no matter how unacceptable it may seem to other people. I thou... thought about hurting sophia. I wanted to make her pay for... for trying to take my daughter away. That's understandable. I know you must love your daughter a great deal. Who thinks that about... about the mother of their own child? I thought about other things, too. I don't know why. My brain just goes places. Like where? Remember that... story about the football player in the news last year? He got in trouble for dog fighting. Put the female dogs in a box to keep them trapped so the male dogs could have sex with them for breeding. They called it the rape stand. I don't know why, but I... I couldn't stop thinking about that. I started to wonder whether I could build one of those for women. I even made some sketches. What normal person would do that? We can figure this out, Jeff. And... whatever you have to tell me, the faster we can resolve this, can maybe even save whoever you attacked last night. I get these flashes. Blond hair and... young, I think. I see her screaming. I think I wanted to kill her. You're doing fine, cammy, just fine. You got six cops protecting you. I'm scared, shane. Iook, you're not scared, baby. You're brave. Okay, this is almost over. What time is it? He's not due for another 10 minutes, but let's keep the chitchat down in case he's early. You're good with her. Hey, look, I was wondering... would you tell me what happened that night? I thought Lem told you. He did. It's just... I-I've been replaying it all in my mind all this time, what I can remember, at least, and I just can't understand how I'd do something like that. We got a 16-year-old girl out there who's scared to death. Maybe this isn't the right time for this, you know? Picked a bad day to come out of hiding. I need to tell her I'm sorry. Yeah, that should make it all better, right? You killed her mom, two brothers. You almost killed her. Promise me you'll tell her I'm sorry. Please. I'm sure she knows I mean it. You know what, buddy? Sometimes it's too late to apologize, no matter how much you mean it. Now, do the right thing, Gary. Confess to all of it. Maybe I'll tell camille you did that. Nice collar. Yeah, old-style strike team, right? Yeah, a long time coming. I need a minute. Okay. Good job. Yeah, thanks. Need that guy's booking slip. His lawyer called. Rezian get the money? As far as I know. Okay, just... get there early and make sure he stays calm. I know what to do. I just want to make sure that we don't miss out on a payday. That's all. You won't, man. Okay? Listen, I was wondering if you'd be cool with me stopping by this weekend. I'd really like to apologize to Mara. That's not necessary. I'll pass it along. Iook, shane, I'd really, really like to talk to her in person. I need to try to make some peace with myself over all this. Iook, I appreciate it, tavon, really. I just don't think that Mara will be too comfortable with it, man, honestly. Yeah, sure. Sure, I understand. I mean, hey. After all, she might not have her iron ready this time, right? What the hell is that supposed to mean? It's like I said, man. I've been thinking about that night for a long time now. And I... I could remember almost everything... everything except for hitting Mara. You want to know why I can't remember that one thing, shane? Because it didn't happen. Did it? You must've gone through that windshield harder than you thought. You lied to me! And then your ass used Lem to cover it up so you wouldn't get in trouble. And I'm guessing it wasn't the first time that you had these guys cover your ass. What's wrong? Oh. Oh, yeah. Ain't got nobody here to get your back. But now I know who you really are. And so do you. Hey. Thought you were headed to the junkyard. I am. I, uh... I just forgot something. Iook, you know what? Um... maybe I've been looking at this thing from my side this whole time. Maybe you guys would be better off... you know, with a fresh start. Without me around. It's just that, uh... I don't know that we'll ever be able to put all this shit behind us, man. Really. So, when this is done, and your family's safe... if you want me to transfer out, I will. You do what you need to do, but... Ronnie and me, we got no ax to grind. Okay. Okay, I'll, uh... I'll see you on the other side. Can you believe the balls on that guy? Hey, superstar. How's the canvassing going? No one's seen these shooters or even heard of these guys. Splitting up has gotten us nowhere. The three of us should roll together as a team. See if we can shake things up that way. I wouldn't mind coming. I'll see you there. Hey, give me a minute? You come to raid the evidence locker? Here. I've only been taking them for a week. I just wanted some peace of mind. I'm exhausted, Vic. And I know I am not doing the best job of handling all of this, but it's the best that I can do. Those kids mean everything to me, and I don't care how many times Cassidy screws up. I will never give up on her. Never. So, please... don't try to take them away from me, please. Corrine, I'm not gonna try and take the kids from you. How could you even think that? We need to figure out a new plan? I know you, Vic. I don't have the energy to raise these kids while I'm fighting you, too. I'm begging you. You think my first move would be to rip the kids from you? That's who you think I am? We both know who you are. Just please don't dodo it. Victim is Fiona perski, 34. Was found in a dumpster. How far away from where we found our guy? A few miles. He walked all the way without anyone seeing his bare ass? No, it just means he knew what he was doing. Drove away from the scene, got undressed to sell his story. Stabbed five times. We're running some tests on the blood. But if you recognize her as the woman you remember, you'd be doing yourself a favor by admitting it now. Jeff, do you remember what you did to her? I'd like to call a lawyer, please. We got to stall about five more minutes. We got to pull shane out of there, man. What? I can't do this. Vic, it's done. It's all set up. We're never gonna get another chance this clean. I don't care! It's not too late. We still have a choice. Do you think that shane gave Lem a choice? I'm not shane. Don't answer that. This'll just take a second. Hello? Hey, baby. Can you do me a favor? Now's not the best time. Can I call you back later? I just need you to stop by the pharmacy and pick up Jackson's prescription on the way home tonight. Yeah, sure, honey. I got to go. I'm getting another call, okay? Okay. Bye. I said no phones, no distractions. Give it to him or we're leaving. I see any calls to Armenia, I'm coming after you. Hey, there, it's shane. Leave a message. Something's wrong. Shane should be answering his phone. Hey, Ronnie, didn't, uh... didn't shane tell you he was gonna be seeing the armenians today? Yeah, I think so. Did he say where? No. No idea. Maybe we should roll by little Armenia anyway, see if we get lucky. Captain was pretty clear about wanting us to stay on task with the shooters. Shane should be answering his phone. Plenty of reasons he might not be. We're looking out for one of our own. I'm not gonna sit back while a team member falls off the map in a red zone. This is taking too long. You trust this seller of yours? If Vic says it's solid, it's solid. Trust me. We want this over as much as you do. You know what? I'll take a look around. He's still not answering. Can we pick up the pace a little bit? One tango 13... shots fired in the area of 5959 bradwell avenue. Isn't the armo junkyard right around there? No further. Code 2. Anyone else? We just got here. Shane. Sorry, I'm late. I, uh... forgot to sign tavon's arrest report. Had to... stop by Hollywood. No problem. I'm just glad you're here. Where the hell did you get those Mexicans, man? I almost got my dick shot off. I just got some late intel. I tried to call you. Yeah, Rezian took my cellphone. Jesus Christ, shane. Thank God. Yeah, no shit. I'm still shaking. I don't see any money. Iooks like our Armenian problem's solved, though. At least your family's safe. Found a victim for our naked guy. We already got her. Captain's working on a confession now. No, the mission cross just called. Says they have a blood match for a girl. Says she had a run-in with a naked man after leaving a bar late last night. I had a few too many maitais. I felt sick, and my friend took me outside to get some fresh air. But I tripped on the curb, and I smacked my head into a fire hydrant. Suddenly, he just came running up to us. Did he say anything to you? He just stood over me. He kept grabbing on my arms to pull me up. He was, like, naked. So, I mean, he was a freak. I just shoved him off me, and I ran back to the bar. Did he try to assault you at all or act inappropriately? No. He just gave me the creeps. Officer! Help me open this door, please. Oh, shit. Call an ambulance! Vic. Didn't want to wake you. You didn't. What's wrong? I just wanted to come by and tell you, uh... you're safe now. I, uh... I let Carlson go. It's all over. It's just you and the kids. Nothing to worry about. Really? Get some sleep, Corrine. You've earned it. So the city is countersuing against my pursuing legal recourse for getting hurt on the job. Negligent lawsuit or some bullshit. And then my bitch-dyke lawyer won't take the case without a retainer, but I can't afford the retainer without winning the case. Nice legal system, huh? You gonna eat that? You know, Steve, someone died here tonight. Yeah, well, the guy sounded like a nut job. Maybe, but I missed it. I couldn't close Lloyd, either. Having a bad month. Happens to the best of us. I did my best work when Claudette was my partner... because she challenged my assumptions. Forced me to prove my theories. For better or worse, you are my partner now. And I need the help. Okay? Yeah. Sure. Hey. You okay? Someone should call the wife. Tina put in a call. Maybe we should, uh... talk about what happened. I'm going home, Dutch. Where you been? I been looking for a place to hide $100,000 where Vic won't find it. $100,000? My God. Where'd it come from? It's a consolation prize. For what? Vic and Ronnie tried to kill me tonight. What? Yeah. Are you sure? Yeah, they set me up. It's sheer luck I'm even alive right now. And, you know... you know what the worst part is?