head of security. You heard Vic turned in his badge yesterday? That leaves me to be your most important instrument in the Guerrero cartel investigation. We're not sure you're valuable to this investigation. Just give me some time to get cozied up to this Beltran guy. You want to prove yourself to me? I never want to see Pezuela again. Beltran sent me to kill you. Lucky for you, I work for Olivia Murray. I'm gonna need you to give me back her file before I can bring you in. We have to convince Beltran that I took out Pezuela. A colleague of yours committed suicide tonight. That means there'll be a hole in your organization. Where do I submit an application? Shane Vendrell hired you to kill Gardocki? Why does Vendrell want you dead? Vic thinks that Shane was waiting at his place last night. There's a reward waiting for anyone who can deliver him. Your cop buddy's paying 10 g's for your head, ese. You got almost 100 grand in there. That's more than enough to keep walking. As punishment for the shit you tried to pull today, there is a written confession of one of your many sins on its way to the Barn, addressed to claduette Wyms. Since you caused us to lose all of our cash today, you're gonna replace it. We got to figure out a way to put a hundred grand - in Shane's hands by tomorrow afternoon. - I'm gonna run. Give me one last shot. If I fail, we'll both run. Mara, this is Claudette Wyms. All I want from this is Vic Mackey. Corrine's working with the police. Think Mara changed her mind? Does anyone want any coffee? Uh, thanks, but no. Hello. Put on Claudette. She wants to talk to you. I'm glad you called. My husband's given Vic a 5:00 deadline to come up with $100,000. Okay. Corrine is supposed to hand the money to Shane by the fountain in Hollenbeck park. I appreciate you working with us. Promise Shane won't get hurt. I promise. 'Cause I know how some suspects wind up dead getting booked. You are going to make sure that every cop in that park understands that Shane going after Vic and Ronnie was self-defense. So, he'll cooperate with us? I can get him to cooperate. But he's gonna have to get something in exchange. I'll do everything I can. That's not good enough. You need to guarantee that he'll get a light sentence. Otherwise, I will blow this whole thing out of the water! I will work it out with the D.A. Just make sure he's treated okay. That's beautiful. That was beautiful, baby. We just walked Vic and a bag of dirty money into a bust. We never have to worry about that prick coming after us ever again. The only problem with getting Vic arrested is that we lose any leverage to negotiate a deal if we ever get caught. Well, that's why we absolutely can't get caught, 'cause I'm not going to prison. And I'm sure as hell not gonna let you end up there. When Vic makes contact with you, you're hearing all this for the first time. You go along with it reluctantly. Don't sign on too easily. Believe me, having a problem with all this won't be a stretch. I don't want you wired for your initial meet. Vic's a master at smelling a setup. But when he hands over that money, we'll be recording it. How does Vic not figure out that I set him up? We'll play as if he's been under surveillance for a while. We'll go through the motions of arresting you to sell your cover. I don't like this. I mean, what if Vic finds out or something goes wrong with Shane? We will take every precaution. You came to us to get Vic out of your life, to close the book on him forever. Let's do that. How does somebody get witness protection? You'll have to testify. That's not gonna happen. Like I said, Vic can never find out that I helped put him in prison. It's his own doing. Then why do I still feel ashamed about this? Little overdressed for your paper route. Pezuela's grieving widow. Obit mourns "an international business guru's tragic suicide." His shrink should be sued for not recognizing the seven warning signs. Only Pezuela wasn't suicidal. Oh, it just goes to show you... you never really know what's going on inside someone's head. Suicide my ass. Beltran had him whacked. The only question is whether or not he used you to do it. Hey, whoa, you're giving me a hell of a lot of credit there, Dave. Olivia's not returning any of my phone calls. Now you drop a body in the middle of my campaign? Well, you were the last one seen mud wrestling with Pezuela. You're not screwing up my investigation and costing me the mayor's job with one last scandal, Vic. Nice to know that justice is still your number-one priority. Hello. Corrine, I need to see you A.S.A.P. It's important. I'm on my way to work, Vic. What's up? It's not something I can get into over the phone. Can you take a personal day? What's wrong, Vic? Meet me by the fountain in Hollenbeck park. How soon can you be there? Vic, this is crazy. It's gonna be fine. Just meet me here at 5:00. And you're gonna give me a bagful of money to give to the guy who tried to kill you. So Shane can take his wife and his kid and this whole Vendrell shitstorm out of the country. What if he tries to hurt me? He saved you once from the armenians. It's me he wants to hurt, not you. Maybe we shouldn't do this, Vic. When Shane calls, tell him he's on his own or blame it on me. I... I just need you to do this one last favor for me. You certainly caught yourself a break... Pezuela's narrow-mindedness being cremated along with the rest of him. Narrow-minded how? I can understand him being down with la raza, but 40% of the drug trade in this city is black-owned and -operated. Never could get that prick interested in affirmative action. Our experience with the blacks in phoenix, San diego has never been good. Well, that's because you don't have a trade rep fluent in the culture, and that's costing you market share. You would be an upgrade, huh? A white cop who's made a career cracking the heads of low-level gangbangers. You would be surprised at how much sense I've knocked into some of those heads over the years. If I was interested... well, then, I'd set up a meet and greet with you and the black board of directors, offer to become their exclusive supplier below current wholesale cost. Year or two, you'd have a monopoly. I don't meet and greet. Sure, want to minimize your exposure to law enforcement. I'd be happy to take the meeting, negotiate terms. I would need a substantial security deposit from the blacks as a show of good faith. Of course. What you need, Mackey? Well, back in the day, we had an understanding. We did? I don't recall that far back. Just two dinosaurs sitting down now. I need to arrange a meet with your board of directors. I got a business opportunity. Business? What do you know about our business? You and your five-o crew only swarm on the street level. Thought it was about time I started using my entrepreneurial skills... go to work for the other side. Mm-hmm, so, you come to me and the board with this 'cause Vic Mackey is all about the black man rising? I don't give a shit about the black man. I'm just looking to earn. I'm guessing that's the first honest thing you've said in a month. I'm gonna need to think on this for a minute. Beltran's still taking my temperature, but he'll come around. The goal is getting him to trust you to the point where you have access to the cartel's inner workings. Has he mentioned any illegal dealings yet? He's still playing it quiet. Pezuela give you anything? Besides attitude? He's an uncooperative shithead. No worries... only a matter of time before I know everything he knows and more. I hope that includes what he did with the blackmail box and my file. I turned his world upside down looking for it, and still no luck. Good news is, with Pezuela in custody, he can't get to it to use it against you. It doesn't mean somebody else won't. Iook, I got two jobs... gathering enough intel against Beltran and the cartel to deliver I.C.E. Their biggest bust to date and cover your ass by finding that file. I intend to come through on both. Yeah. Meet is on. 72 pine bluff, inglewood. 2:00 P.M. That was quick. What you think, man? Men's jail is headquarters, baby. Something you need? This new guy handing out the mail must be dyslexic. They keep mixing up our mail. When's Danny coming back? Unis responded to a shooting. Victim pronounced at the scene. Steve! Need you, too! Kid's name is Cardell Rhodes, gunned down outside his house. Cardell Rhodes? The football player? You know him? Yeah, coached him in pop Warner. I'm sorry. I need you and Steve to get on over there. But I thought I was still supposed to be riding a desk? Well, not today. I've got everyone available sweeping the streets ahead of the presidential motorcade. Stash houses, dealers, hookers, the whole nine. Well, much as I want out of my forced detention, Julien's history with the kid gives him a leg up here. You're right. Go with Ronnie. What's up? Uh, never mind. There was another victim, minor injuries... he was treated at the scene. I'm going back to my crosswords. I'll meet you outside. Hey, Steve. Steve. I need you to do me a solid. I took a bedroom tumble with a woman on the force. She found out she's not the only teeter-totter on the playground, got pissed, now she's trying to jam me up with Claudette. This chick wrote a letter to Claudette laying the whole thing out. Should stand out as personal. I've been trying to intercept it, but now I got to work this case with Julien. You know, Ron, you and me, we've had our friction. But in a world of crazy coozes, trust me, I got your back. That poison pantygram won't hit Claudette's desk. Thanks, man. First mail delivery came in... nothing. Shit. Might not come until this afternoon, maybe tomorrow. Or maybe not at all. He could just be screwing with us. Ah, we can't take that chance. Good news is, you're trapped at the Barn. Was. Claudette just put me on a 187 with Julien. You can't bail? Believe me, I tried. How's that other thing going? One minute. One minute. I think I see a play with the cartel. More on that later. That sounds kind of iffy. I don't do "if." I'm only about "when." Hey, wake up. All right, I put something over here for safekeeping. You all know what I'm talking about. Now, where the hell is it? Huh? You think your quality of life sucks now? You wait till I get done with you. Now, where's my gun? Huh? Hey, dog's ass! I got to talk to you. Think pink while you can, hero. You die now amongst the righteous and the urine savior. It's not loaded, pigpen. I've arranged the trade summit... all the Senior management. Just need to know how much weight you can provide. It's a tempting opportunity to eliminate the competition in one fell swoop. Absorbing them into your corporate structure means less waves, more profit. Pezuela was here for how long and he never moved past the byz lat level? Pezuela. Pezuela was a waste of clothes. But he did manage to renovate this place and build a few others to store our product... over budget and behind schedule. You're gonna fill this whole place with drugs? The blacks... they understand the terms? They will. Disagreeable people. Well, they've gone through some shit over the years. I'm gonna be walking into an adversarial situation. You got a few guys I can borrow? You forget, huh? My background is professional military. Cardell and I are talking, he dives on top of me, pulls me down. Then I hear gunshots. Kid saved my life. How'd you know Cardell? I'm out here on a recruiting trip. Cardell was my prize get... had him all but committed. He was on his way to a heisman, had a special talent. Yeah, his field vision was one of a kind. That kid had eyes in the back of his head. I coached him a while back. You guys vet these kids pretty thoroughly. Any problems in his personal life? Enemies? Look around. Shit you have to put up with to get a bcs bid... take a banger to brunch. - Rhodes was affiliated? - No way. I had to get permission from the shot caller just to get a sit-down with the kid. I'll talk to his mother. He was a child of God. But I don't have to tell you that. You knew my baby. Do you have any idea who might have done this? Why would anyone want to hurt my baby? No! Hard to understand why the good lord would let something like this happen. I see it every day, all day. Tests my faith, believe me. Mister, faith is all we got. I lost my son last year, too. He was killed in a drive-by. Sorry to hear that. So, they're saying that all this happened because Cardell was running around with a gang. You think that's what this is about? No. Here's my card. If you hear anything, give me a call. Recruiter says Cardell was repping acorn park. How in the hell does he know what goes on around here? Well, you heard him. He had to have a sit-down with o.g. S just to talk to Cardell. That wasn't Cardell. I knew him. I get your history with the kid, but we got to look at everything. That kid was the closest thing to a hero this neighborhood ever had. And nothing would make me happier than to be proved wrong. Let's chat with the warring factions. You get with acorn park, and I'll discourse with spook street. You're using the I.C.E. Sting on Beltran to scam 100 grand off of Beenie Spears' guys? Hail Mary, but I don't know how else to come up with the money to buy off Shane, given the time frame. Playing both sides like this is crazy dangerous. How long before Beltran or the board figure out they're getting jacked and this thing goes nuclear? I only need to keep it together a couple of days... enough time to get Shane ghost, walk Beltran into a jackpot so I.C.E. Can take him down in exchange for giving us an overall deal and immunity. Jesus. I got Billings back at the Barn intercepting Shane's letter... nut-job plan. The wheels are coming off the whole goddamn thing. I'm on the way to this fund-raiser. I could really use some backup that speaks inglés. Can't. Claudette's got me hip-deep in some shit. Okay, no worries. God damn it. You know, you don't have to be on the stakeout if you're not feeling up to it. If you have to take me there on a damn stretcher with I.V. S running, I'll be there to take down Vic Mackey and Shane Vendrell. You need help finding something? I'm looking for my medicine. It was here a minute ago. Um, is this it? Take it easy. How's Vic gonna get the money? Somebody could get hurt or worse. You wanted me? Vic been in communication with Ronnie at all today? Ronnie's gotten a couple of calls. Don't know who. We're moving on intel that we're pretty convinced will give us Shane Vendrell. We have reason to believe we're gonna be making another arrest... Vic Mackey for aiding and abetting. If you're free of the other case, I'd like you involved. I'll make myself available. Just let me know when. I just want to give you a heads-up so that you could mentally prepare yourself to throw bracelets on your former colleagues. Also, Ronnie and Vic might be planning something. We don't know what. They were your teammates. It's pick-a-side time. If I get wind of anything, you'll be the first to know. Good. I'm also borrowing backup from rampart. I'd like you to take point. Is any of this gonna be a problem? Not at all. Changing suppliers benefits us how? Lower cost, unlimited supply, highest-quality product on the market. We've been with the same wholesaler since before you had a cowlick. This meth came from pure Mexican ephedra, cooked up in a state-of-the-art laboratory by a team of PhD chemists. Clean as a virgin's whistle hole. And a lot cheaper than the shit that you're getting. You sure you want an undercut on your price on the street? We pass. But you haven't even, uh, sampled the blow. We got love for Beenie. Only took this meeting as a courtesy to him. We got too much history with our connect to just go astray for some cop... a peckerwood cop at that. I lay out a proposal with enormous financial upside to you people and you just dismiss it out of hand? Why don't you take a look outside that window? That's what's in your future. I asked my boss for a little backup today. That's what he sent. Your spik boss wants to throw down, bring it. 'Cause I see two trucks eight deep with Mexican gardeners. They hear a shot out there, there'll be an rpg in this living room before I hit the floor. Put that shit away. Let me tell you about the landscaping job those gardeners did. In rosarito beach, Mexico, last year, them and a convoy of amigos rolled up on a police station, murdered everyone inside. 47 people... cops, dispatchers, janitors. That was my, uh, spik boss' plan for gaining market share in the area. Now, if they're willing to do that to their own countrymen, imagine what they're willing to do to a handful of, uh, stubborn soul brothers. And you think I'm a peckerwood. This ain't no proposal. This is a gank and grab. I'm just trying to increase the peace and promote racial harmony through economic opportunity. Buy-in's 200 large. I can wait if you need to run to the atm. Jefe. Wrong way. Señor Beltran's in the other direction. I'll catch up to you. I got an errand to run. No, jefe. Our instructions are to be your seguridad. We got to get the money back to Beltran right now. He's waiting. Oh, shit. Uh, I'm gonna need some gas... gasolina. Yeah? Code red... third and alvarado. Gas station, men's room, trash can... there's a package. You know what to do. Highest priority. Oh, you get your ass over here as fast as you can, and I mean soon. All right, sweetheart, daddy has to work late. I'll see you later, okay? Love you. Kids are terrific, huh? You got any? Sí. Cinco. Vanbro! Yo, docki, my man. What's good? What's up, black? Hey, I heard what happened to the strike team, man. I guess you must be the last cat standing. Upright and breathing. You signify your own path, you won't get caught up in other folks' bullshit and tribulation. That's how I do. And look at me, standing strong and doing the damn thing. But, vanbro, what is up with this? Huh? You used to have talent. Hey, that's nonrepresentational art right there. It worked for basquiat. It'll work for vanbro. Take it. Nah, nah. We just want information. Suit yourself. What do you hear about the Cardell Rhodes shooting? Rumor going around the cats making book got pissed at youngblood for point-shaving against dorsey the other night. Cardell was involved in gambling? I mean, I wouldn't want to speculate on that for certain, but little man with all that speed stepping out of bounds with all kinds of daylight numerous times? I mean, you got to wonder about the spread. Where did you hear this? Fourth-hand knowledge. Don't really have any specific names. You might want to check with my man deuce down there on bronson, next to the laundromat. Appreciate it, though, you keep vanbro name out your mouth. Stay black. Detective Billings. Anything yet, Steve? Oh, shit. Right. Uh, let me look. Deuce says it wasn't point-shaving. Cardell's been playing it smart all season... stepping out of bounds to avoid cheap shots, saving his knees for the next level. All the bookies making the line knew that. They factored that into the spread. No, no mail yet. Just keep an eye out, okay? Let's head back to the Barn and regroup. No, hey, I want to talk to that recruiter again as soon as he gets back from scouting that kid down in San diego. Polk's a victim, not a suspect. Exactly. Maybe he was the target. That's worth a conversation. I got to go get a prescription filled. I'll meet you back there, okay? Hey, yo, my man! Hey, man, you goddamn deaf, homey? What are you looking to get into, gabacho? None of that goddamn stepped-on shit. I ain't seen you around before. Yeah, well, I'm changing slangers, man. I'm looking to bring my business to you. You want to get paid or what, man? 'Cause I'm looking to get low. Let me see what I'm working with. I'm gonna hold a dub, cuz. You ain't no cop! You need to work on your street skills. Now, you're gonna walk me into that stash house off normandie. I ain't doing shit for you. I'm 16. Take me in, and we'll call my moms. I don't have her number. Hey, bro, why you tripping? Aah! I can do this shit all day. So, what's it gonna be? You doing what I tell you or blood coming out your ears? How much firepower inside? Enough to shred your bony, white ass. How much cash? Huh? 8 to 10. Had a good couple of days. All right, let's get this done. What the hell happened? Beats the shit out of me. It was up and slanging two hours ago. You ain't a cop. I was right. Yeah, you're a goddamn genius. We got a runner! We got a runner! Hey, freeze! Police! 100 grand... earnest money. Don't smoke, don't drink. A man of few vices. For me, it blurs the edge. The edge is where we live... all of us, all the time. People try to convince themselves otherwise, it's just an exercise in self-deception. A philosopher. Former cop. Same deal, less horseshit. Things come easy for you, huh? Are you one of these "hard work is its own reward" guys? I had grandparents like that. They died miserable and broke. You've accomplished a lot in a very short time. You need to understand something Pezuela never did... you got an action hero on your payroll. Okay. She's in position. I've got a visual. Tell me she's gonna get through this without cracking on us. I'd feel better if we could communicate with her. The wire's risky enough. I don't want Mackey sniffing anything. Ronnie's here. Vic's not with him. It's Gardocki. What's he doing... recon for Vic? Julien, you have a visual on Mackey? Negative. Where's Vic? This is for you. Well, Vic was supposed to be here. Is he all right? He's fine. Something came up. Come on, Corrine, get him talking. Is that what I'm supposed to give Shane? Good girl. I got to go. Thanks, Corrine. Ronnie as his goddamn errand boy. Mackey's a no-show. On my signal, prepare to apprehend Gardocki. No, no, Mackey might be watching. You hold your positions until you've got a visual on the primary. We've got Ronnie dead to rights. We've got Gardocki on tape. We can file on him later. We haven't got the real bastard yet. Stand down. Do not engage the target. Shane's an hour late. This doesn't feel right. Maybe Mara got cold feet, spilled to Shane. Claudette, they're not coming. What if Vic figured out that I was working with you? That's why he sent Ronnie. Jesus Christ. Okay, she's losing it. Why didn't you give me something so I could hear you? Somebody talk to me! Okay, call it. Yeah. All units, abort. 10-4. copy that. God damn it! So, now what? Bottom line... we got to hunker down while they sweat the streets on account of the president coming. You know, the real danger is that they know you think like a cop, so they're expecting you to hit certain targets. But they don't know how I think. If you've got an idea on how we can score some cash, baby, lay it on me. The safe at the real-estate company. Come on. No, there's a lockbox where the coordinator keeps checks before they send them to escrow. Mara, if I can't knock over a stash house, what makes you think we're gonna walk into a bank and cash a bunch of stolen checks made out to a goddamn escrow company? Shh. They also keep the checks for apartment rentals... first, last, security deposit. So? So, most of the time, they're cashier's checks. Folks in the hood don't have checking accounts. Well, I can pass a cashier's check, no problem. But I don't know about cracking in no safe. No, no, I have the combination. I've been filling in for the assistant manager out on maternity leave. So, I'll go in, grab the checks, and go. Hmm? No, it's too dangerous. The only people that'll be there are the cleaning crew. You don't think they know you're a fugitive already? And they know me. They're illiterate, and they don't speak english. I'll go in. I don't want the mother of this little girl in harm's way any more than she already is. Ha! For a guy in a close race, you'd think you'd have more pressing matters than to stalk me for my vote. I've been looking into the circumstances surrounding Pezuela's "suicide." And here I thought you'd miss the prick. Interesting fact surfaced when I reached out to my contacts at the coroner's office. Cruz Pezuela ate a bullet less than 24 hours ago, yet his body is already back in Mexico. Why waste time taking out the garbage? A suicide in L.A. County, the coroner's required to perform an autopsy. But he never had the chance. That's because Pezuela isn't dead, is he? I got someplace to be. We can debate the eternal qualities of the soul at another time. Is Pezuela testifying? What's he saying about me? I played my cards. You played yours. I took the pot. I win. Now step away from the table. Game over. No, I still have one more card to play. I will go straight to Beltran and tell him that Pezuela is alive and testifying. I will wreck this investigation before I let you and Olivia cut me out. What makes you more afraid... being denied your legacy as the great Brown informer or it coming out that your campaign is financed with dope money? We have a common cause. Are you asking me to be your friend? I'm asking that we both respect the other's end game. Hey, how goes it? Fine. Claudette had you out on something? Checking a lead. Something on Shane? Um, turned out to be nothing. Hey. Everything okay? Yeah. Yeah. Um, Polk's back from San diego. I'm gonna go see him. You got that covered? Yep. Great. What about drugs? Our intel says the cartel's a major supplier across the southwest. Beltran never mentioned any drugs. This guy's all about banks. The scale of this thing... the infrastructure, transportation, security... looks like they're planning to wash half the Mexican gnp. Chaffe wants to find a way to embed a couple of our agents with you. It's time for me to pull my guy Ronnie Gardocki into this thing. We'd rather use someone from our end. This isn't the time to play "getting to know you." Ronnie and I have a short hand. Also, I need Beltran to feel like he's got reach into the local police department. Vic, I can't say yes to that. That's the way it's got to be! Meanwhile, this is yours. Pezuela's blackmail file on you. I just found it. If I'm honest... I was tempted to hold onto it... pull an Aceveda, use it to squeeze you. Thank you. I just gave away any leverage I ever had on you. Now I'm out of a job, and I'm cozying up to the most dangerous man in the Mexican cartel. And even if I fool Beltran long enough to stay alive, I've got no future I can plan on past tomorrow. I need a place to land. Can I count on you for that? Excuse me, mi amigo. Hey, uh, mi amigo? ¿qué? ¿sí? Buenas noches. Let's go... in the back. Silencio. Silencio. Silencio. Silencio. Shh. Be quiet. Be quiet. In the back. In the back. Silencio. Hey, come on. Let's go. Let's go, right there. Shh! Be quiet! Shh! Be quiet! Be quiet! Silencio! On the floor, damn it! On the floor! Hit the deck, damn it, right now. Down. Down. Abajo. Abajo. God! All right. Right 32, left... hey, shut up! I'm trying to think here! ...27, right 60. Ahh. Okay. 32 left, 27 right, 60. Shit. Okay, all right. Anyone moves, um, muerto. Muerto. Mara, come on. I got... bring him. Just bring him. Come on. Let's go! God! Hurry up! God. What? That goddamn safe. Okay, I dialed right 32, left 27, right 16. You have to pass 27 twice, remember? Stop on it the third time and then right to 16. I don't know what that means. Oh, God. Here. Take him. Um, hey. Hey, Jackson, be still, buddy. Can you just be still, okay? Dámelo, por favor. What? Dámelo. Hey. Okay, I got it. Gracias. De nada. So? How'd we do? $5,000, give or take. That'll work. Shane didn't show up today? What happened? I was worried. Job interview came up at the last minute. I had no choice. Job interview? Yeah, a position opened up with the feds. I really have a shot... good benefits. Obviously, we're gonna need it. Corrine, I am so sorry I left you on the hook today. I did not want to do that to you. We sure as hell would have heard if Shane got popped. Anything happen at the park that might have spooked him? No, just me and the crackheads. Listen, please just get this out of here, okay? It makes me nervous. Keep it. Shane might call back. And if he doesn't, use it for the kids. Where did this money come from? All that matters now is it's in good hands. Please tell me when this is gonna be over. Soon. Hi, dad. Hey, kid. How are you? Cassidy, you need to get to bed. You have an early morning tomorrow. I just want to show dad my math test. I got a 98%. You got a 98%. That's great, kid. You're really pulling it together, aren't you? Thanks. I'm trying. Vic. What? She earned it. Okay, dad. Iove you. Iove you, too. I'll fax you a list of all the I.a. Kids we've met with as soon as I get back to dallas. That could be helpful. Just know that, usually, a sit-down for me involves a coach, overprotective mother, sometimes a family minister. With Rhodes, I had a meet-cute with some inked-out thug in baggy clothes and a grill. Got me wondering if offering him a scholarship was even a good idea. For all we know, that thug could have been there as a show of respect to Cardell... make sure he wasn't taken advantage of. By who? Me? I walk into a place like this, I'm Mr. Opportunity... money, education, chance to get out of a shitty environment. That cuts both ways. In your job, you destroy more dreams than you make come true. That earns you some enemies. Tell me about it. Last year, I had a mother come after me with a baseball Bat after we took a pass on her kid. Same block as Cardell. How random's that? Thanks for bringing verna down here. I didn't want her coming down here by herself, picking up her boy's things. Did they find who did this? Um, not yet. Never found the gang member that murdered your son last year, either. No, they didn't. You were at home at the time of today's shooting? I was there watching my stories on television. Did you hear shots? No, I, uh... I heard the siren, though. And then my neighbor came knocking on the door. If you care about your friend, you'll help me solve this case... save verna a lot of pain. All you got to do is tell the truth. Of course. You knew darren Polk was in that truck, didn't you? He the same man that recruited your son? He promised dion a scholarship, a car, money... all kinds of things. And then it just, what? All falls through? Your son was shot and killed a little while after that. Six months. Shot my baby in the head at a bus stop. Mia, as a mother who has lost a child, tell me that you didn't know he was in that truck. With them dark windows... ...I didn't... I didn't see Cardell. And that's the truth. I didn't see Cardell. That man... he destroyed my boy. And now he's lying in the dirt when he should be running for touchdowns. Shit. Hey, I was just about to go upstairs and take... did you get it? Called I.A.D., got the paperwork started on Gardocki. We'll be ready to hit him with an indictment when the time comes. That's fine. Why don't you go home? Because I've got work to do. I, uh, talked to Danny. Now that Vic's not around here anymore, I think she's ready to come back... help you take care of things again. Seeing the bottom of my inbox is not a priority. We'll get Vic. At the moment, I'm a little bit more concerned about you. You know, we can't expect justice out there when we don't demand it in our own house. Okay, so, now you're taking on the problems of the whole world? Everything's not under your control. You don't like the way I'm handling this case, you can always leave. Olivia smelled Beltran's musk on me... made her wet. We deliver, I.C.E. Is gonna take care of both of us, I know it. If we close the deal before Shane gets caught. He and Mara just have to stay invisible for another day or two. What do you think of Shane taking a pass on that bag of free money? He was just giving us busywork... keeping it so we couldn't look for him. Jesus, this is cutting it close. Hey. A little ulcer never hurt anyone. Say hello to my friend Ronnie Gardocki. Mucho gusto. He speaks highly of your character and your abilities. He taught me everything I know. Boo-Ray. It's been a minute. How's the family doing? My peoples is doing good. Glad to hear it. Iook, uh, I need your help on a little business matter. I'm tapped out. Come back another time. Oh, look, man, come on, you know these are as good as cash. All the favors I did for you... looking the other way while you ran your little weed operation out the back. Come on. You owe me, homey. I will make it up to you. You got yourself in a spot. Yeah, don't believe everything you hear. This is 2 grand light. 50 cents on the dollar. That's a pretty steep vig. Iook, it's unacceptable. Give me 75 cents, and we'll call it even. I got enough trouble. I got a kid. You know, I got another one on the way. Walk away, white man, or I dial 911. Put the phone down. You're not a snitch, man. Giving up a killer cop ain't snitching in my hood. It's the best I could do. Anyway, it's a down payment on us getting out of here. I thought you said this guy was your friend... that he owed you big-time. Baby, come here. Moving forward, I guess we both need to embrace the reality that neither one of us