Machete's a weapon of choice for the salvadorans. Which supports the tip that Aceveda's cronies gave us that the killers were salvadorans. The victims were all mexican illegals. Solving it quickly is the difference between keeping the Barn open or closing it for good. Salvadoran bang has sponsored this fair. This looks like retaliation for the San Marcos house murders. - That's Hernan in the blue shirt. - I.C.E. has an undercover operative high up in the salvadoran food chain I need to protect. There's an operative inside the salvadorans who can help solve the San Marcos house murders. You know who the salvadorans were who were swingin the machetes at San Marcos? It would mean death to my cover if I started asking. Salvadorans are closing ranks. It's getting too dangerous for you to be out there. - Where's Hernan? - We lost contact with him. Anyway you guys could have compromised his cover? - Did you talk to Shane? - He killed Lem. I did what I thought had to be done at the time. I see you again, I will kill you. Vic wanted to know how Ben got a hold of cash Vendrell came by today. He wanted the same information. We're not going to let you get hurt over this. - We got to get out of L.A. - I'll squirrel enough away so we can get out of here. Just imagine every wrong thing we have ever done. Anything happens to me, or my wife, or my son... That lands on I.A.D.'s doorstep. Tell Kesakian I got a business proposition for him. - I'm a cop. He's going to need to know. - I'm an associate. Ellis Rezian. Man, I said I want to speak to Kesakian. It's been a while since we had the good relationship with law enforcement. That's funny, I'm a fixer. - There's a new gas station on Tallmadge. - The armenians, did they put you up to this? The supplier will be here tomorrow to fill up all your tanks. stay in, stay in. Respiratory therapist, call C.C.U. Respiratory therapist, call C.C.U. Think you could... You stay strong, papa. You need to finish your english lessons. I can only stay for a few minutes but I brought you this... To remind you of the colors in the garden back in Revian. - Can I help you? - I need to speak to Kesakian. He's supposed to have an office here. He's not here. Look, I've squeezed every food stamp collecting, benz driving armenian from here to Glendale. Now, this is where he works out of and I'm not leaving until I get a little face time. Now, do we understand each other, sweetie? This way, please. Take a seat. - I'm Kesakian. - Look, I've got my nuts in a ringer right now and I don't like it when people crank the handle, ok? I need to speak to the real Kesakian. My father's out of town, but anything you need to discuss with him, you can discus with me. - I'm handling his affairs. - Well, then you pass this message along to pops, ok? I didn't sign up to be walked into a murder jackpot, and he better goddamn well fix it. - I don't know what you're talking about. - Your old man will. Look, Rezian had me running errands for you people by me drumming up business for your gas delivery operation. - Yes, I manage the books for the... - Yeah, well, the owner wound up dead with a gut full of super unleaded. That shit goes back on me, for Christ's sakes. - Please, this is a holy place. - Well, jesus can kiss my ass. If that faggot Rezian need a goddamn patsy to pin a murder on, he just found himself in the business end of a hollow point. You taking mental dictation? We should take this conversation across the street. You know what your daddy and his crew do for a living? They're stone cold gangsters. I know what my father was. He came here from Armenia last year. He asked me to give up my studies in Berlin to come here and help to translate. That's how I know that all our transactions has been legal. Just because people haven't been getting their feet chopped off lately that doesn't get the armenian mob into the chamber of commerce. I'll speak to my father and I will ask him to look into what happened - at the gas station. - Hey, you tell your old man to take care of my problem or I will create a world of problems for him. You call? - What's up? - Why don't you two tell me? I know what it's like to lose someone close, but the dance you two have been doing is about something else and I want to know what. I'm not sure I catch your drift. You've been hounding Nancy Gilroy about Ben's mexican hook-ups and I've threatened to charge her with aiding and abetting if she doesn't tell the truth. What's so important about these contacts? In a case that's been closed for over a year. She and I had a conversation. I think with your appeals hearing coming up, you'd be more helpful if you're interested in saving your job. What were you after? Lem's killer. Lem was on the run. He knew about Gilroy's underground railroad to margarita ville. I thought something might have gone sideways in that regard. Coyote pulling a double cross, I don't know. It's a bit of a stretch. Aceveda's had you detailed to his dead mexican hat dance. Sounds like you and Dutch have done a whole hell of a lot of finding Lem's killer. Don't ever use a tone like that to me again. Transfer comes through soon, it won't be an issue. My opper's been dark for 36 hours. Since you debriefed Hernan without authorization I have to assume that his cover's been compromised. We don't know that with any certainty. He called in distressed. He didn't show up to a meet. What are you people doing to locate him? We've been sitting on his girlfriend's place for the last 24 hours. Also we're running surveillance on his salvadoran associates. My status report to the bureau chief assigns accountability to you and your personnel. - Consider yourself notified. - Nice. 10:42 a.m., in case you need a time stamp for your ass-cover memo. If Hernan's still in play, you will report any and all contact with him to my office immediately. I see now why Hernan reaches out to us instead of his handlers. Shouldn't have inserted ourselves into a long-term federal investigation in the first place. Hernan can help us break these San Marcos killings. Who else, besides our team, knew about Hernan's cover? It's Dutch and me, that's it. Listen, Hernan can take care of himself. Still, we need to be able to throw him a rope if necessary, and right now he's M.I.A. Stir up the waters looking for Hernan, we risk putting him in a worse spot. We got run a passive search. Make some bank shots, see what bounces off of what. Anything turn up at Hernan's girlfriend's? Sat up at her house all night and this morning. She was a no-show. It wasn't a complete waste surveillance-wise. She does do yoga in the nude with the blinds open. Ah, that really worries me. Hernan not showing up at home for that. I say we work the other side of the street. Talk to the Byz Lats. Truce isn't holding. It's possible Hernan got caught up in another round of retaliation. Ronny and I will have a sit-down with Santi. - Take Shane to back you up. - No, no. We don't need him. Um, Shane has a history with the Byz Lats. Could get in the way. Ok, Joey and I... We'll go pester the salvadorans, spread the love around. Hey, Vic? - I got to worry about you and Shane? - No. Thanks for your concern though. Look, man. I can't forgive Shane for what he did, but taking this beef public? I know, I know. Just tough keeping a poker face with Shane playing off of Lem's murder like he's trying to solve it. Well, then you need to keep your anger in the cut. We're not clean in this either, and I'm not spending the rest of my life - wearing state property. - That makes two of us. Transcript: SW [www.sub-way.fr]</b> Synch: javawarrior2003 Fix: emicad</b> - Santi in his rat hole? - Thought I smelled bacon. That keen rodent sense of smell. Came by to make sure you ain't misbehaving. Still making good on the truth with the salvadorans. Byz Lats say to sit down is no pitch with the salvadorenos. - On account of you trying to play us. - No tiendo. We heard about the rat ya got undercover with those fools. I ain't stupid, homes. You're full of shit. If we had someone under with the salvadorans, we would have taken you and them down by now. Well, what my source tells me is live or die. There will be no sit-down with my crew until the salvadorans take care of the snitch in their own house, 'cause we ain't walking into no trap. Well, you need your ouija board, 'cause you're channeling some bad intel. Hey, I'm all about the peace, but you got a problem yourself, homes, trying to double-cross us, 'cause you haven't come through like you promised. And you don't have the answers on the San Marcos slaughter. We're working on that. Yeah, where? - On the way. - Mal noticias? Shit. Found a body. Hernan? We got a male, hispanic. 20s, 30s, salvadoran ink. Hacked to pieces. Looks like a fresh dump job. No I.d. Well, that's not him. Read your stars in machete. It's not Hernan. Good news. Doesn't mean they're not going through their ranks till they find him, though. Get a canvas going. Spot like this, decent shot somebody saw something. Sure. My son didn't lie on purpose. He just didn't say what he saw on account of the girl he was with being too young. I thought she was 18 until she invites me to her quinceanera. Tell him what I heard you telling your brother. Her parents was gone, and we were up in the bedroom. Trisha was on top. Anyway, she's bouncing and she looks out the window and this this load pulls up into the alley... A camero. - What color? - Uh, dark green with grey primer in the front. This guy gets out, he dumps a couple of trash bags and splits. What's he look like? Vato. Regular dude, you know? License plate was 1BJ somethin'. I... I... I didn't get the rest. You're sure? Yeah. Yeah. 1BJ. That's what I told my chabata I needed. Like, it was a sign, you know? I spoke to my father. He asked me to let you know that he's very concerned about your situation. That he's concerned doesn't help me one goddamn bit. It's going to take the names of the people who killed that gas station owner to clear my ass. He knows that, and he asks for your patience and for me, in the meantime, to give you this for your troubles. Can I also ask you a favor? Doing favors for you people is how I got my ass in this sling. We own several apartment buildings and there have been robberies. - Well, report it to the police. - We have, but your people have not been very helpful. It might have something to do with the property owner's last name. - There's not a lot of love there. - Tenants are getting nervous. It's getting harder to rent out vacancies. Crimes like this make it very difficult or get good prices if we ever decide to sell. Could you find out who's responsible, please? Finding out who did it and getting him off the streets are 2 different things. Anything you can find. I know it's a lot to ask, but I need help. Are you a mob daughter or a damsel in distress? Give me the addresses. Pay me for my time. I'll pull out my shovel and start digging. Just leave it by the file cabinet. I'll fill out the rest of the paperwork when I get over there. - All right. - Hey, Tina. You and Joey responded to a call a couple weeks back. - 3013 Windmer. - I don't know. Did we? It's your report. The russian chicks. Yeah, I remember. Neighbors called in a noise complaint. One of the girls said her drunk ex-boyfriend tore up the place and then took off. 1-211? She didn't mention anything about him stealing anything. She wasn't real cooperative though. Kind of got the feeling she didn't want to talk to cops, 'cause she was working. - It's like that, huh? - Look, any citizen chilling out at the crib in the middle of the day in fishnets and garters, it's either a pro or a cross dresser. - Thanks. - All right. Any luck IDing the car used to dump the body? Partial kickback. 5 plates. One registered to one Leticia Cepedo. - Hernan's girlfriend? - Yeah. - I'll put out an A.P.B. On the car. - No, no, no. It'll attract too much attention. Vehicle description information broadcast only. Stake and notify us. Suppose it was Hernan the one they saw dumping the d.v. How do we spin that? We don't until we have to. - yes, who is it please? - It's Matthew. I called you from the airport. Who are you here to see? Well, after hearing that sexy voice, I'm hoping it's you, darlin'. Hey. Hey there. - Are you a police officer? - You kidding? Sounds like you're russian. That's hot. Let me see your cock. - Did you want the full hour? - I'm in no kind of rush. Donation's 300. Money exchanged is for time and companionship only. Anything else is a matter of personal choice between consenting adults. - Get comfortable. - You're under arrest. You let me touch your dick. That's entrapment, I know the law. It's my word against your magic little fingers. Now, zip me back up. Put your hands behind your back. - D'you know who did this to you, ma'am? - Get me out of here. We're going to take care of you right away. In the meantime, can you describe your attacker? - No. - What do we got? White female victim. Stab and grab. - Definitely not from this hood. - Hey, Hey, I know you. I saw you last night. Sunset and vermont? 30 feet tall, 60 feet wide? You know, you're a lot prettier in person. Apartment just put up a billboard. Guess I'm a celebrity now. - Well, congrats. - Excuse me ma'am, I'm detective Billings. This is detective... Oh, don't bother. She's asking for her lawyer. - Why? - Cedars. Take me to Cedars. - Doctor Klebanoff. - That's why I don't work the west side. Tired of assholes. Anybody have a sharpie? Guy wants an autograph. Uh, ma'am, I'm detective Wagenbach. This is detective Billings. You're aware a woman was attacked out here this morning? I no see nothing. You go. - She may have been a customer. - Oh, no customer. - Where does that go? - Locked door. No have key. - Ma'am, please, a woman... - You have no warrant. You... You go. Ok. - Unis found the Camero. 5th and Virgil. - Hiatt know? Yeah. He and Julien are en route. Hernan or his girlfriend will have to come back for the car eventually. Shane's wound pretty tight. He starts unraveling one of these days, what then? There's something you should know. He generated a document. Remembrances of Things past. Strike team style. All the shit we've ever been into in black and white. You're in it, too. Jesus. - How do you know? - He gave me a copy to let me know he has a suitcase he can use against us if he had to. - What did you do with it? - I burned it. Mara knows everything, too. It's a text message. Shit is early. Right now. Hernan must have seen us watching. - Let's go find out. - Um... I'm going to go in alone. - Keep it low key. - Could be a set-up. Or another dead body. - Everybody, hold your position. - Copy that. - Hold it! Who the hell are you? - Too dangerous for Hernan to come. He sent me instead. He says not to worry, he's ok now. You lying or this is some kind of a trick? Your mother won't even recognize you when I'm through. Please stop. You're hurting me. Please. - Please. - Who sent you? Hernan, I swear. I swear. On my baby sister's life, please. He told me to give you a message. He... He and a couple of soldiers, they're doing a job tonight. - Where and when? - Alvarado, near the park. Robbing a gun store. 6:00. Hernan says to let it go down, but to get the innocents out of the way. How much of what he's into do you know about? Just that he's some sort of cop and that he trusts you to have his back. You told anybody else about any of this? No, I... No, that could get us both killed. Like that guy your boyfriend dumped in that vacant alley with your car? Hernan didn't have no choice, all right? That guy was a snitch. Otavio had him executed, all right? Ordered Hernan to get rid of the body to prove his loyalty. Can you get a message to Hernan? All right. You tell him that he's giving his bosses in D.C. A bad case of the nerves. They want him to come in. Also, leave the car parked where it is. I'll figure out a plan to deal with this robbery. I'll leave any instructions in the right front wheel well of the car by 4:00. All right. I want to speak to my attorney. Look, I don't give a shit if you've got an illegal fish market running out of your bedroom. I just want to know what went down at your condo 2 weeks ago you don't want to talk to cops about. You do that, you street walk out of here a free woman. You just bought you and your money maker 30 days in county. We got jacked. - How much? - 2,500. This guy called for an appointment. Sounded wise, like a regular business john. I answer the door, 3 black men pushed their way in. They made us lay down face down on the floor. Said if we made any moves or looked at them, they'd shoot us. Who are you trickin' for? The deal was, I tell you what happened, you forget about the rest of what I do. Your bosses know about the burglary? Me and the girls been working double shifts ever since. No days off until the money's paid back. I need you to try and remember what these guys looked like. How long is this going to take? I got a golden shower planned this afternoon. Big tipper. I got to start drinking iced tea to get it the way he likes. I'll be right back with those mug books and a snapple. Is Hernan alive? Assuming his girlfriend's telling the truth in any of this. Well, my strong sense and her brown panties lead me to believe she's on the level. If we interdict this robbery, we blow Hernan's cover and whatever big one he's about to hit. We're not letting that kind of heat get into the hands of these thugs. Think of the damage they did with a couple machetes. There's got to be a way to keep those guns off the street - and still keep Hernan in play. - The longer he stays under, the better the chance he's going to give us who did the San Marcos killings. Look, screw his cover. Our instructions are to notify I.C.E. As soon as he makes contact. Technically, he didn't. The girlfriend did. Can we at least hold off notifying I.C.E. until we scoop here? Getting the feds involved with the situation reports and the bureau chiefs will foobar the whole thing. Your orders are to head off this robbery and arrest the people involved. And get Shane in on this. He's with a hooker in interrogation. I don't want him freelancing for vice while he's still under my command. We got to protect Claudette from ourself here. That fed ragging on her this morning has got her taking the path of least resistance. Reel in Hernan. Turn him over to I.C.E. Come here. It's one hell of a risk. Disobeying an order and going behind her back - when we don't even know for sure. - You want to stay in this job? Went on the street, you don't do it by listening to upper management. Now, we pull this off, we keep the guns out of the wrong hands and we preserve Hernan's cover long enough to find out about San Marcos. No guts, no glory, right? These boost jobs in your pop's buildings. It's part of a string of a dozen or more over the last six months. Interesting thing, his crew only targets places that escort services operate out of. A whole gang of russian hookers call your pop's buildings home. He's not involved in that kind of thing. We are real estate investors. Specializing in cossack cooch. It's called a natasha trade. Girl gets a place to live, 1/3, 2/3 split with the boss, who also holds onto their passports for safe keeping. Now, whatever legit business your father's gotten into, it's just window dressing wrapped around the same old school gangster shit. - And the robbers? - I got a tentative I.D. On one of them. Still needs to be verified. I'll be in touch when I get something a little more definite. Thank you. And, uh, I'm sorry for the troubles. These gentlemen have agreed to immunity, Eleanor. You tell them everything you remember. I know these guys, it's ok. My best friend told me about this place. It has incredible replicas. I bought 3. A little overboard, but at those prices, I could... You make it a habit of roaming the barrio for cheap handbags? Nurses here do it all the time. He knocked me down, stabbed me, took off running. There wasn't even time to grab my mace. So, you lost the 3 purses you bought, plus the one you had with you. They're not purses. 2 were evening clutches, the other was a keepall. And what did this keepall bandit look like? Mexican, puerto rican. Smelled awful, like when we had a dead rat in the wall at the montecito house. Probably thought the knock-offs were real. Figured he'd struck a gold mine. Knock-offs are what they sell in Times Square. These are quality replicas. There's quite a difference. She said for $60 you can't tell the difference from the real thing. These replicas are that amazing. Well, it's all about the quality of hardware. Embossed, well-sealed, good weight. Men have hustler magazine, - I have the Marc Jacobs look book. - I'm a classic Gucci girl. Medium hobo with a single non-adjustable buckle strap. I keep thinking someday, but not at these wages. I got my diaper bag from old navy. I've seen those. They're pretty stylish. All right. I've coordinated with the unis. Hey. What's going on? The sals are knocking over a gun store, we're going to let them do it. Vic's walking everyone through the details. Eddie and Tina are going to be running the checkpoint over on the monitor. Are they in the loop on our end of the plan? No. Which is why our first priority needs to be watching their backs - in case this thing goes sideways. - That's not going to happen. As long as Hernan sticks to the playbook that we hid on his front wheel. Problem is, we've been communicating with him by carrier pigeon essentially, so we've got to be ready for anything that jumps up. All right, so, everyone clear on their assignments? - Yeah. - What do you want me to do? I'll fill you in on the way. Right on time. - Julien. You're about to have company. - Copy that. Alive and upright. - You stake the point. - Good. Ho. Hey! Take it easy. Be cool, man, be cool. - Keys, man, keys. - In my pocket. Here they come. Jesus, nice haul. Suspect vehicle is on the move. Julien, you ok? Affirmative, all good here. Got a visual. Eastbound on sunset, coming up on echo park. Copy that. Ok. We're moving into second position. We see you up ahead. We're 5 car lengths behind. All right, don't get too close to him now. Hang back. Hang back. Buckle up, Shane. He's turning into the checkpoint. Ready, please. It's just a routine check. Have your license, registration, proof of insurance ready, please. He's telling his buddy his car registration expired. - They don't look too happy. - What to do? Go for it. And pray nobody asks to pop the trunk? Or risk going away for a few decades. If it were me, I'd go with my feet. Let's hope Hernan makes the case and he's the only one who pulls a gun. - We've got rabbits. - Shane, go! Easy, easy. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Hey, buddy, take it easy, take it easy, all right? Shane. You ok? Ok, we're clear. That's good. - It's all right. No worries. - It's ok, Danny. We can call the surveillance off. We got what we wanted. It's ok. Exploratory committee allows you to put a finger in the air to find out what the public wants to hear. Why not just announce my candidacy? Let me tell you why that's a shit awful idea. You say you're running for mayor, you immediately trigger a financial disclosure event under the statute. And our supporters and how much they're giving. Information our enemies can use against us. Exploratory committee also allows you to investigate the feasibility of running for another office. State assembly, for instance. Would we even have a shot at that? With some massaging. - You have a korean problem. - Conservative. Less sympathetic to our populous latino platform. But any election can be won by cracking, stacking, and packing. - You're talking about redistricting. - Crack the korean constituency, stack it over 3 or 4 other districts, you nullify their influence, - pack the new boundary with latinos. - Yeah. Then focus our resources on getting out the core vote. But I would also annex these folks here. Our message doesn't fly with black folks either. Doesn't matter. They don't vote. Represent more people, the more influence you have in sacramento - and even though they don't support us... - They don't hurt you either. Best part of all this is you can spearhead the redistricting of your future office right now from your councilman's seat redrawing these lines is going to cost a great deal of money. Mother's milk of politics. - For the exploratory committee. - Thank you. It's only for 100,000. You'll get the other half when the people responsible for the San Marcos killings are brought to justice. There will be closure. I promise you. Before I plow any more money into a war zone, I need to see a demonstration of the rule of law, not the law of the jungle. Should have denied a request for immunity and booked her. Yeah, especially after she slammed Dutch boy for being too low brow to appreciate the finer things. Trademark infringement's a serious deal. So's assault with a deadly weapon. Find the guy with the knife. At least expedite a search warrant for the knock-off emporium. - Is this really a pressing issue? - As long as this place stays in business, it's going to attract upscale clientele to a shitty neighborhood. Which could lead to more stabbings or worse. I'll get to it but make an arrest. The last thing I need is a well-connected pampered socialite breathing down my neck. That's what I have Aceveda for. If you're harboring for a San Marcos update, no news to report. Well, I'm sure you're doing everything you can. I actually came down to see what else you need in the way of resources, - additional overtime, tech support. - All of the above. What can you tell me about this latest homicide? Is it connected? I'm already in hot water for briefing you about the I.C.E. agent we went after in the warrant search, then he went missing. Claudette, this is me. - You're not suggesting... - No, of course not, but I should not have been discussing secure intel with anyone. Not even you. It's note to self. Well... Put together a memo detailing the things you need and I'll get right to it. Never hit the streets of Farmington. But Hernan's in the wind, and the other perps are still at large. - How did that happen? - I called an audible. The wiser course of action was not to intercept them at the gun store where these could have been used against my team. Safer to wait until they were locked in the trunk. At the checkpoint, the suspects read the play and were able to elude capture, but we'll get 'em. Give us a second, will ya? That man's in the mix. You think my bullshit detector isn't already on high? Now. Listen. I made this call, ok, not him. - Were the unis in on this? - In on what? It was my understanding that they were operating a routine insurance check. Authorized by whom? Because it wasn't me. I go through that paperwork, I bet I'll find your signature or Vic's. You knowingly put department personnel in harm's way - without even giving them a heads up? - Harm's way is part of the job description. I brought you in here because I thought you could be trusted, because you're not Vic Mackey. Now, you're letting him pull you by the nose right in my cross hairs. No. This entire city is breathing down your neck and mine over those 12 dead mexicans. Hernan can close that case for us. This isn't about Hernan. You want to follow Vic out the door, keep it up. The choice is yours. - Hey, juneteenth freeman. - Mmm? Parole officer said I'd find you out here beautifying America. - You got about 400 hours left, right? - What the hell you want? - Hey, who are you? - Cooperating with a police investigation. - Ok. - Look, I'm all over the game you and your boys have been running on the working girls. I don't know what you're talking about, officer. You pick up enough garbage, they're going to kick that felony down to misdemeanor possession. Unless, of course, I start coming after you. A bunch of b and e's add assaults and whatnot. - You can't prove shit. - Try me. Course you could play this another way. Cut me in on these jobs you're doing. I run interference. I monitor the dispatch so you don't get all gaffled up like almost happened at that condo on Winmore. I'm going to need 500 up front, earnest money and an equal split between you and the other 2. - Got to ask my niggs. - You mean pancake and squeeze? How'd you know it was pancake and squeeze doing the women? Saw you had priors together, but I didn't know for sure until just right now. So, thank you. Look, if my dude's cool with this, how am I going to get with you? Don't worry about it. You said your father was traveling, I didn't think you meant highway to heaven. Ran an data search. 911 call, 11 days ago. He was transported here on a full cardiac arrest. Merciful jesus heard my prayers. He's doing much better now. No, he's not. I chatted up a nurse. They don't expect him to last the week. How long do you think you can keep this a secret? Long enough for a miracle. In the meantime, you think you're running the show? I don't know. I'm not going to let... everything my father spent a lifetime building get... picked apart by... snakes and vultures who see a weakness. Seems like you've already got people in the organization freelancing behind your back, running whores out of your own buildings, doing murders. People loyal to my father. Many of them. I can count on you, yes? What, after you lied to me? Said you had the gas station whack handled? The guy can't even open his eyes. Look, the last time there was an armenian jump-off, an old world hit man, Margos, crawled out of the woodwork. A nice choir girl like you. You don't want any part of that kind of bloodbath. And if he could talk, he'd tell you the same goddamn thing. I would like those names, please. You paid for them. You've got much bigger problems than these idiots. Eleanor wasn't kidding when she said she had an eye for detail. She described her attacker right down to the pot mark. Yeah, right before she got medevaced to cedars. Yeah. Said the guy had the B.O. of a cadaver. If you two can stave off Tina's paparazzi, start on skid row. I don't get it. This woman can have anything she wants. Is saving a few bucks worth a couple of stab wounds? When it comes to Louis, Gucci, and Fendi. Coach, Prada, Chanel. You know, and if you're on a budget, Dooney and Bourke. And every time her bag passes off as the real thing when all of her friends are paying through the nose on rodeo drive, she wins. - You know, it's the thrill of the kill. - Are they hearing themselves? It's a girl thing. You guys just don't get it. Yeah, it'd be like us trying to understand why you guys love your balls so much that you got to play pocket pool all the time. Hernan just texted me. Everything went smooth on his end. Got props for getting his people out. Called for a meet tonight. He's got some intel. Better be worthwhile after the ass reaming I just took. - I'll get the team. - No need for everyone. I'll take Ronnie. Ok. The check you gave me on Shane today, I heard you. As long as he's on your team, I'll make it work. If it was up to me, you'd be staying, too. You're out of here. It's a done deal. Claudette's been playing you since the day I showed up. She figured you'd be easier to handle if you thought there was a future here, meanwhile orchestrating things so there won't be. I'm really sorry, man. I wish there was something I could do. You gave it to me straight. That's big. We'll be working together for a while yet. Claudette's not the only player at the table. I just don't get it. You risk your life for something that's a knock-off of something that's already a knock-off. Yeah, to hold what? Tampons and the rest of their girl shit around? Get a lunchbox. Whack a mugger with one of those, at least you'll draw some blood. Chicks are nuts. African american male, 20s, I.D. Juneteenth freeman. Out on parole, found unconscious in an alleyway with his testicles cut off. Yeah, some mex is probably carting his dundeens around in a knock-off louis vuitton. - And paid for it with his money. - It's not the only castration. There's another one up at mission cross. African-american also. I need you to follow up. Missing bags. Maybe you boys can relate, too. Women can be the coldest winter ever. Yeah, no shit. Thank you. Thank you. Just another dirty day at the office. Whoo-hoo, that's some perfume you're wearing. Pa chanel over here decided to throw homemade shitballs at us. Yeah, but not before we had to haul him out of the sewer. I'll take them. You guys get cleaned up. No, no, no. Don't deny me the pleasure of throwing his skanky ass in the cage. Hey, man, wanna swing by a dive and take the edge off? What? I extend an invite, you throw a shade? Come on, man. What's that about? I know what you did to Lem, so don't hang at me. All right? Vic had to spin what happened like I'm the anti-christ? Because he knows that if it wasn't for him, Lem would still be alive today. And that is the god's honest truth. Vic didn't pull the pin on that grenade, did he? That was all you. What happened was a tragedy, but it was also goddamn inevitable. You even start any horseshit about how you were protecting all of us, I will throw down with you right now. I don't want to fight with you. Man, I got no beef with you at all. What about this journal, huh? You write all this shit down, everything on paper that we have done and you're trying to blackmail us... - And that is no beef? - No, no, no, no, no. - What am I missing? - Did Vic tell you about it? Huh? - Or did you actually read it? - Are you telling me he's lying to me? No. No. I wrote it down. All 24 pages. Every god awful thing. Why don't you ask Vic to show you page one? He burned it. You know why? Because he doesn't want anyone reading the first paragraph, about how he shot and killed Terry while I stood there and watched. Look, I have been lying, covering up, bleeding out of my goddamn anus, man, for 3 years trying to protect him. If you ever get tired of Vic walking you around on a leash and you want to hear the real and the raw... Call me. This building here. - Are you sure this is right? - The captain's applied for a warrant. This place is going to get shut down tomorrow or the next day. It's the last chance. - Hello? - Hi. - What you look for? - My friend said you might know of a place that might have Fendi clutches? You come. Wait. You come. - Please, please. - Ok. - I'm not sure about this. - Just keep thinking Louis. Besides, I'm packing. Look, we deserve it after the day we had, right? Hell, yeah. We got pelted with shitballs this afternoon. I've had puke all over me first thing this morning. We deserve this everyday. I get new Prada next week. You come back. I give you good deal. Next week might not work. Hernan was a no-show. He pass along any intel to the girl? Why the salvas are looking to beef up their firepower? No specifics. Only that something major was about to go down. Saw the captains and the Byz Lats, set a meeting for tomorrow night, negotiate terms. Now Hernan'll have a seat at the table. No. He's on a plane to El Salvador right now. Don't know when he's coming back. Well, there goes our best lead in the San Marcos case. Which means we went through all that gun shop bullshit for no goddamn reason. Hiatt got in a jam with Claudette. We're no closer to breaking the San Marcos murders or knowing what the salvadorans are going to do with those guns. Why would he jerk us off like that? They sent him to El Salvador till the heat dies down. Way I see it, Hernan figured that chopped-up guy is the snitch. Frame the guy to throw suspicion off of himself. Salva bosses had him killed, made Hernan dump the body. Hernan did more than just set this guy up. He did the chopping. He's in all the way now. Nothing else makes sense. Well, the guy he got dead chose the life. Probably had it coming. Yeah, but Hernan's going to live with what he did now. No different than when you shot Terry. Had to be done, right? Shane tell you that? Page one of Shane's memoirs wasn't exactly new information. It's difficult to prove, fortunately for you. I wish you'd have been straight with me instead of living a secret every day. I could have looked out for you better. What I need to know is when... We can finally leave this all in the past... Where it belongs. It's quite a cut job you did on those 2 black dudes. Bet the other one pancake and his jewels are halfway to Alaska by now. Well, it was maybe too much. I didn't have time to make better decision. Well, I'm certain you got your point across. You will also find the names and addresses of the men responsible for what happened at the gas station. Who are these people? It doesn't do me much good without evidence implicating them in the crime. They're prepared to provide any details you need. They're going to confess, just like that? No. For the sake of their families and their children back home. They know the armenian way, they suffer first. That's an honorable first, giving up your own tribe. Even if it's your worst enemy, differences get settled in the house. You want to cure cancer, you cut it out. It's only a matter of time before Rezian finds out your father's out of the game. If he hadn't already, and when he does, he's going to come after you with everything he's got. And you're not ready for that. I don't care how many balls you got dangling from your rearview mirror. You think this is what I want? This is for my father. Oh, come on. Just because your father was in the life doesn't mean you have to be daddy's little gangster. My father's not a gangster. He's a man who survives, who taught me history at the dinner table every night about Armenia, about the promises of freedom. All these promises that were always broken. He made me understand the difference between the future and the past. Everything was taken from my people. He taught me never to let that happen to us again. So, I won't. I won't let that happen to him. My father still has a lot of men loyal to him.