Well, 11 bodies, one arm. Machete is the weapon of choice for the salvadorans. It supports the tip that Aceveda's cronies gave us that the killers were Salvadorans. The victims were all mexican illegals. IDs? All but the arm. The guy at I.N.S. IDed the arm from San Marcos house. Eduardo Romero... A mid-level bureaucrat in the mexican government. Could embarrass a lot of powerful people on both sides of the border. You solve this, that's a dozen murders in the win column. It just might be enough. This door is open. What do you know about a guy named Hernan? He's a Fed... Undercover in the salvadoran organization. Woman: Benjamin Westcott Gilroy. The mexican authorities sent him back. Any family? Wife. I killed Lem. Please forgive me, please! I can't! I can't do this any more. I'm sorry. Vic: You dropped a grenade in his lap. And what did you do? Did you run? Shane?! Shane: I did what I thought had to be done at the time. He wouldn't go to Mexico. I told him about the money that we were gonna send him. And he never turned on us! We couldn't afford to take that chance. I mean, all I was doing was following your game plan, coach. Get in your truck, drive away. Leave here before I kill you. I called you all last night. Did you talk to Shane? What happened? He did it. He killed Lem. Oh, Jesus Chirst. He confessed? He pocketed a grenade before Aceveda's even told us about Lem's deal. He looked him right in the eye, dropped it in his lap, and ran. Never included us, never talked to us. Just took it on himself and killed a guy who was only looking out for us. Where is he now? Oh, enough. It's over. He's... He's never coming back. He's moved on. Are we here for Hernan? He called a meeting, said it was important. Reaching out to me is a big risk to your cover. I know. When I went to up L.A. zinman on the separate arm that you guys found at San Marcos, I was met by some new guy. Talbert. They gave you a new handler midstream? Yeah. This guy knew the arm belonged to Romero. Told me to leave it alone. End of conversation. A mexican official loses a limb in a hacked up pile of dead mexi illegals and the U.S. and mexican governments both turned a blind eye? I've seen this shit go down before. Some fairway up the food chain is getting greased. Keep it off the books. Brings in his own overseer... Keeps everyone else in the dark. If you don't trust who you tell it to then, you're lost undercover. Well, until I know more, I need a lifeline. Throway cell phone. Number can't be traced to anybody. You need me, you call me. Salvadorans are promoting. I could use a push to Captain. Get my own crew, open me up to a whole lot of gang secrets. Well, how big of a push do you need? Boss has a meeting at Lonya's bar on ninth. Need a raid at 2:00 Sharp. Well, what am I gonna find? Nothing. I'm gonna tip them off 20 minutes before you show. Tell them I've got a mole in the P.D. Hmm. We'll come and knock. Let's go! What's up?! We got a street fair filled with confetti and dead bodies. Got 6 shot up at the el salvador del mundo festival. 4 dead, multiple injuries, women and children. I was waiting to see what the mexican payback would be for the San Marcos murders. - City tactical? - No, we're on our own, man. Oh, Shane called in sick today. He OK? Seemed fine last night. Unis are outnumbered. Help them out. Spoke to 3 witnesses. All tell the same stories. 6 mexican bangers stroll in wearing backpacks. All wearing byz lat ink. Only nobody pays any attention till they pull out sawed-off shotguns and start shooting at everybody. Vic: Salvadoran bangers sponsored this fair. This looks like retaliation for the San Marcos house murders. Hernan said the el salvadorans had nothing to do with San Marcos. It was an internal mexican beef. Well, he's wrong. This smells like payback. Bad intel on his P.R. He lied. Danny: Hey, hey! Step back! Hey! Hey, ma'am! Hey! My son! My son was shot! Let me see him! No! Look, I'm sorry. You're gonna have to stay behind the line, OK? We need to talk to Hernan and find out why he lied to us about San Marcos. The salvadorans are close to giving him his Captain's stripes. He must not want local law turning up the heat on him. It's stepping on his upward mobility. Plus, he's nervous. About what? We got a buddy at I.N.S. Who IDed the chopped off arm that we found at the San Marcos house. It belongs to Eduardo Romero. He's a midlevel mexican bureaucrat. Hernan contacted me this morning. He's nervous because I.C.E. is telling him to back away from the Romero trail. Wagenbach: Sounds like somebody in immigration has got their feet to the fire doesn't want to get burned. Hernan's spooked. He reached out to me because he doesn't trust his chain of command. That doesn't mean we have to back off. You run with that Romero L.A. It might be the break we need in the San Marcos case. Find the byz lats who shot up the festival. Hernan wants us to raid a salvadoran bar this afternoon. He's gonna give the bosses an early heads-up. Earn points by keeping them out of harm's way. Salvadoran bosses are already planning a retaliation. We need to bring them in now. Going in early could set Hernan back. He set us back by lying about San Marcos being mexican on mexican. He can gain favor with the bosses some other way. Phillips: Captain Wyms?! Uh, I know the street festival thing looks bad. I got the Strike Team and my best Detectives on it. San Marcos is still unsolved, now this? Wilshire and Central agreed to lend a hand. I don't recall asking them for help. Send copies of everything you have on the street fair shooting and San Marcos so wilshire and central can back you up. Shane here? No. I haven't seen him. He didn't come home last night. Everything all right between you two? Where the hell is he? I'll be right out. I don't know where Shane is. Maybe you should ask the Captain. She might be able to help you. He doesn't do anything without you knowing about it. Don't dick me around here. I'm not. That's his job. I know what happened last night. It was a busy evening. You'll have to be more specific. About Lem. What about Lem? If you did anything to hurt Shane... Why would I hurt Shane? What is it you think you know? I know everything about Shane. We don't have any secrets. Open and honest. That's always the best way, right? Transcript: Swsub.com Synchro: Artusamak Exiled Vic: God damn it! Bosses got out of here in a hurry. Ronnie: Waitress said they all took off when they heard about the street Fair shooting. Hernan knew we'd come early for the bosses. He's pulled them out early to gain trust. I'm beginning to think this guy is kind of an asshole. Let's flip it. Yeah? Hey, sorry I missed your <i>Yamada</i>, amigo. Still need them smokes. You with the bosses? There a retaliation plan? Si, los Macanudos and los Dukes. Not the regs. That shit burns like garbage. Garbage. She got them in stock, eh? Vic: Found your cigars. These the addresses for the bosses? Why not put two aside for me, eh? Don't forget me, ay? Pick you up with the rest of them. Si, amigo. Buenos noches. I take back the asshole comment about Hernan. He came through. Wants us to scoop him up with the rest of the bosses. Preserves his cover, gets the shot-callers off the street. Buys us some time to make a peace. Julien: Yeah, but the shooters were byz lat. Just picking up the salvadorians might raise suspicions that we've got a guy inside. Gang sweep. Wide net. Salvadorans and mexicans. Hernan's just another sad brown face in the paddy wagon... Until we get him along. How can I help with the fallout? Phillips had me send over our case files to Wilshire and Central. Our stats are tanking. He's gonna shut this place down. No, I would have heard something. He's bringing them up to speed so that when they split the farm in half, the transition goes smoothly. And keeping it under the radar. Protect morale. It's hard to motivate cops when your home base is a sinking ship. I'll look into it on a policy level. How can I help right now? Those extra bodies you threatened to spoil us with, I need them tonight. For what? Gang sweep. Gonna bring in as many byz lat salvadoran bangers as we can. It gives us time to find the shooters, negotiate a peace. The mexican and salvadoran communities both feel victimized. It sounds punitive. It's a warrant sweep. It's bringing felons in from the front lines. It'll feel like a siege. I.C.E. has an undercover operative high up the salvadoran food chain I need to protect. I gotta pick him up without anyone getting wise. He can help us end this. Man: 4-screen movie theater. Restaurants, shopping. Walking distance from our low-income housing. A medical center... It sounds like a community. These people work hard for their money. Shouldn't have to bus to Beverly Hills to spend it. Hey, did you hear about the street Fair shooting? Oh, yes. It's awful. Yeah, looks like byz lat retaliation for the San Marcos house murders. Why am I not surprised? Captain Wyms is planning a gang sweep. Everyone with an outstanding warrant, mexicanos, salvadorans... A blitzkrieg against latinos. A preemptive safety measure. We're getting gang members off the street. Keep the community safe. And between my media contacts and your community and commercial clout, we convince the press, the neighborhood, that we're here to help. These people, they... They don't see us latinos. They see a developer and a former cop. The barn's at risk. If Captain Wyms doesn't reduce your crime stats, it goes away, which means less cops in our district. So, what good is all this if we can't protect it... Or the people who come here? Salvadoranio women and children were injured today. A sweep of their community... It's not protection. It's an assault. There's an operative inside the salvadorans who can help solve the street Fair shooting, but we need to pick him up without casting suspicion. A gang sweep protects his cover. I can't spin this alone, man. Can you help me sell this? Tell me what to do. Hey, buddy. Did you miss me? Oh, you missed me! What do you think? Where the hell have you been? I just been driving, thinking. Maybe you were getting your dick sucked by your under-age nubian whore? Hey, watch your mouth. It's my mouth I'm worried about. Don't throw that shit in my face. I left you a message. I said not to wait up. Yeah? That was 24 hours ago. And you know what? I'm still up. Mara, my cell died. I couldn't get to a phone. I didn't know what happened to you! I'm sorry. I'm OK. I was just figuring some shit out. OK? I promise. I promise. I'm so freaked out. I went to Vic. I... But I didn't believe him when he told me... You talked to Vic? When you didn't come home, I went to the barn looking for you. Well, what did you say to him? I just asked him where you were. He scared the shit out of me. Well, why would he scare you, Mara? Mara, what did you say to him? I... I don't know. Did you say anything about Lem? Did you? I think he might have figured it out. God damn it. What else, Mara? What else did you say to him? Huh?! I told him we didn't have any secrets. You know who this guy is? What he's done? The shit he can do, Mara, not just to me, but to you and jacks? What's he done? The two of you? What else have you done, Shane? What?! Enough! Is he gonna tell them about Lem? Will they send you to prison? He's not gonna say anything. You can't go to jail. He's not gonna say anything to anybody because I know everything he's done. So, you're a threat to him. Oh, God. We gotta get out of here. We gotta get out of L.A... I know. I put a call in... This morning to Vice to try to get my spot back. I'll work for a year or so. I'll squirrel away enough for us to get out of here. I just gotta... Take some precautions first. What do you mean? Listen to me: I don't want you to say anything, OK, just listen. I want you to pack a bag for you and Jackson, just light, but enough to live on for awhile. - What are you gonna... - No, just listen to me. All right, this is just a backup plan. Just in case we gotta get out of here in a hurry. OK? Oh, shit. I... I'm supposed to see Corrine tomorrow. She's gonna give us some baby stuff. You know what? That's good. That's good. Make a day out of it. Vic won't do anything to us when we're with his wife and kid, right? Hiatt: Our two key targets: Octavio Menez, he's calling shots for the salvadorans while Guardo's M.I.A. SWAT, you'll all about him, OK? My team's on Santi Galas, who's next in line as the byz lat C.E.O. Captain? Wyms: OK, the rest of you, know your man and your location. We'll move to set positions in 15 minutes. Vic: these Scumbags lives with family that means elderly and kids. So, safety off, but easy on the trigger. - Let's go. - OK! Ronnie? Ronnie, you're bringing in Hernan. They know Mackey. We need a new face. We already surveilled his apartment. He lives with two other bangers, so hit him hard. Bedroom is on the southeast side. Talbert: Agent Talbert, I.C.E. You can't run an op' involving one of my men without coordinating through my office. Uh, this op is time-sensitive. We didn't have time to run it by Washington. Look, we got a pretty tight lid on this. But we do need the contact password. I'm not signing off. Wyms: Then don't. We'll do it with or without your help. I'm putting a stop to this. Vic: A fed suit's swarming a local warrant sweep? Might as well paint the bull's eye on Hernan's back. And we don't answer to your bosses. Let's go. Talbert: Shit. Hey. Password's honeycomb. He calls you off for any reason, you let him go. All right. Take your positions. Move on my signal. Let's go. Man: go! Go! Police! Freeze! Honeycomb. Cop: Let me see your hands! Vic: Donde esta Santi? Donde?! Muevase! Vic: God damn it! Santi's out the back! - Police! - Go, go, go! Don't move! Godspeed. Can I help you? Uh, Shane Vendrell. One of Vic's guys. Can I talk to you for a minute? A minute. Yeah. What do you need? A few weeks ago, you gave... Vic some information about your late husband... Regarding Ben's time in Mexico... People he knew down there. Vic said he need that stuff to close out Ben's case. Right. Well, I'm actually working on a similar thing and... And I'm gonna have to get those facts from you as well, if you don't mind. What case are you working? What is this? I can't discuss the details with you, ma'am. But you're gonna have to turn over that information. I don't want to have to file a failure to cooperate charge. I was married to a cop for 20 years, asshole. Don't threaten me with bullshit charges. Get out of here! Your daughters know the truth about their father? - What? - They know he ripped off the city? Disgraced the badge for some dirty latina snatch? Shut up! They know he choked on his own puke? And died a poor miserable drunk in some mexi shithole? Those autopsy photos are brutal. You want your daughters to see them? I want those mexican money contacts by tonight or I show and tell your girls the whole ugly truth. I'll show myself out. Vic: Look, man, we know why you lied about San Marcos being an internal mexican beef. What we don't know is the truth. Mexicans got something big brewing. Byz lats are working the cartel outside of Mexico city. The salvadorans want a piece of it. Chopping up the bodies at San Marcos was all about sending a message to share. Share what? Only the captains know that. That's why I need that favor. Gotta earn my stripes. And the missing limb of a mexican government official? I don't know how that got in the mix. We can't afford a retaliation for the street Fair shooting. You need to mediate a peace between the salvadoran bosses and byz lats. There's no peace without the shooters paying a price. I don't make the rules. If we get the shooters, dump them in chino, let the salvadorans celebrate with a little shiv-fest, you think you could convince the salvadoran grand poobah to let that satisfy his blood lust? Nah. Octavio's not going to promote me to Captain if I'm running around talking like Gandhi. Hiatt: Then talk like Trump, man. Tell him it's about settling the beef so everyone can get back to business. I'll see what I can do. Wyms: You know who the salvadorans were who were swinging the machetes at San Marcos? No, I don't. And it would be the death of my cover if I started asking. Talbert: Salvadorans are closing ranks. It's getting too dangerous for you to be out there. I just spent 6 months in a salvadoran lockup... Two years out here with these animals. You're not pulling me out of this. If he can help settle this beef earn his stripes, it could give us a front row seat to whatever it is the mexi gangs have brewing. OK. Wyms: Need a minute. Got a call from Vice. Shane's put in for his old position. Makes sense. Lem gone, me being forced out maybe... It's the right move. So, you didn't know about it. He also requested two weeks unpaid leave... Same amount of time you might have left here. This news bulletin have a point? His down time is gonna be denied. It'll take two weeks to process his request. Means you'll still be working together. Fine. Then let me get back at it. Don't leave me hanging here, Mackey. If something happened between you two - that affects the job, I need to know - What affects the job, is our friend getting blown to shit. Now, you got a problem with Shane, you take it up with his new team leader. I'm just a hired hand here now. Hiatt: The byz lats and the salvadorans were playing nice together. Paid them to protect your drug run. Vic: Come on, Santi. Don't you byz lat assholes know you gotta get along with these psychos? Either that or get a grenade shoved up your ass. Ain't nothing up my ass except you. Yeah? Well, how am I feeling? Hiatt: If these street Fair shooters were to go down, well, it would make your life a whole lot easier... Not to mention more profitable. Vic: Blood's gonna keep spilling unless they feel vindicated. I mean, you better settle this soon, or you're gonna have nothing left to run. We know who the salvadorans were who hacked up your illegal cousins at San Marcos. We were just waiting for some I.N.S. red tape to clear, then were gonna pick them up in a few days. But maybe these guys get lost on the way back to the barn. End up in a bad neighborhood somehow. You tell me where to lose them. If I sacrifice my own guys and give you the shooters. Blood for blood... The old-fashioned way. Hiatt: The score's even. The street calms down, everybody gets back to commerce, right? Let me make a call. That can't be traced. Throway phone. Use all the minutes you need. Hiatt: Hey. So, where exactly are we gonna find the San Marcos killer? Somewhere eventually. That Gilroy's widow? Vic: Nance, everything all right? What the hell is your guy up to? What guy? That god damn hillbilly. That's interesting. All right, what's going on? He showed up at my house today. Wanting that information I gave you weeks ago. Ben's mexican contacts? Yeah. He said he's working on some hush-hush case. Nothing I know about. I gave you those contacts on the Q.T. If they find out that I was funneling money to him... No, no. They won't. They won't. I told I.A.D. that I dug up that intel so they'd put Ben's case to bed... Leave you and the girls alone. So, if I put a call into I.A.D., they'll know what I'm talking about? Oh, Jesus Chirst. It never ends, does it? I'll take care of Shane. He threatened to tell my girls all the dirty details... The embezzlement, the affair. Gonna show them autopsy photos. I have done everything in my power to keep them protected from the wreckage of that asshole! You rein him in, Vic, or so help me God... No, no. I'll take care of it. I'm sorry. He's coming by tonight. Late. What the hell was that about? Shane's getting ready for a long, cold winter. He's looking for Gilroy's mexican contacts. He thinks you're coming after him? Put in for a transfer to Vice, too. He's covering all his bases. We gonna be one of the bases he tries to cover? I need to talk to the baker. Woman: OK. I am Yezik. Can I help you? What the hell is this shit? Barazek. No wonder you give it away for free. It tastes like old tires. Hear you got some old-school guy... Kesakian... Running your bakery now. I need to chat with him. Don't know Kasakian. I see about a dozen health violations in this room alone. Gives me the authority to start opening up all your ovens. You sure all I'm gonna find is half-baked Barazek? Maybe I could take a message to someone. That'd be swell, Yezik. Tell Kasakian I got a business proposition for him. I'm a cop, he's gonna need to know. Shane's... He's just so hard to access sometimes. Did Vic talk about the job much? Not really. I'd ask him about things, try to get him to open up. After awhile, I stopped asking. Shane tells me some stuff. That's probably better. It'll keep you close. I gotta be honest. Sometimes I wish he didn't tell me anything. It kind of freaks me out. Yeah, the job sucks. Turned our marriage bad and made him hard. He wasn't like that when I first met him. He was pretty sweet actually. He's had a tough run. The I.A.D. charges and... Yeah, those were all bullshit. He had nothing to do with Lem's murder. I know. And I'm glad it got worked out. Yeah. We all are. It's the... Off-duty shit that scares me the most. You know? No, I don't. I'm gonna get you more juice. Eduardo Romero. Mexico's assistant secretary of trade and ex P.R. Eduardo senior vice secretary of finance. Hell's this guy's hacked-off arm doing in Farmington? And where's the rest of the corpse? You... You sure you know where you're going? I used to troll for U.C.L.A. hotties when I was in community college. Wasn't gonna take them back to my shithole in Alhambra, so I'd drive up here, say I'm going to my folks' place. This worked? You'd be surprised. Now how'd you pull it off? Never went in. We'd find a place with the lights on. Tell them my folks came home early. We'd have to go to her place. It's amazing how quick to thighs spring open when they think your folks got coin. Looks like Eduardo's ex found herself a rich gringo. You know, Dutch, I could teach you a few things about women, if you want. Why don't you write them down, and I can read them at my leisure. Kasakian? I'm an associate, Ellis Rezian. What the hell is this shit, man? I said I wanted to speak to Kasakian. Aboush mee ehlar! Dour indzI. Dour indzI. I'm sorry. You want to talk business, we're here in good faith. Kasakian's insulated. Rumors must be true. Old world muscle's moving back in the hood, huh? I'm just try to teach our American-born about loyalty and respect. Well, maybe I can help. Set a good example. It's been awhile since we had a good relationship with law enforcement. Yeah, well, chopping off people's feet will strain any relationship. We'd like to fix that. That's funny, I'm a fixer. There's a new gas station on Talmadge, Iraqi owned. Apparently they have their own arab-based petrol supplier. That sounds fishy. Could be funneling money back to Al-Qaeda. I better check it out. That would give me comfort. You and me both. Thanks for coming down. Must be important to drive all the way out to my house. We just need to ask you a few questions. About? Your ex-husband. When was the last time you saw him? Years ago. Before I got remarried. Still talk to him occasionally. Why? Eduardo's severed arm was found with several other dead bodies. We haven't been able to locate the rest of Eduardo yet. Oh, my God. Has anybody from the mexican government contacted you, explain he was missing? No. We're trying to piece together what he was doing in L.A., who his contacts were. He came up here... Twice a year, maybe 3. You know why? He had family interests to attend to. Never got specific. Always stayed in a small hotel in Koreatown. He could have afforded better, but this place is private. Where are we on Romero and San Marcos? Eduardo Romero checked into a hotel under an alias two days before they hacked his arm off. That's why we couldn't find him. Manager says he hasn't been back. Billings: Hotel manager gave us the plate number of the Mercedes he was driving. It's an open-ended rental out of L.A.X. The car hasn't be returned yet. Well, whoever was driving that car either chopped up Romero and the bodies on San Marcos or they know who did it. Wagenbach: High-end rentals all have LoJacks on them. We're on our way there now. Wyms: Vic? Salvadorans are on board. Let's see where the mexicans are at. We'll settle our part of the deal when we're alone. Byz lats want to do the right thing. I can give you three shooters. We have witnesses who saw six. I'm saying there was only three. And you stop looking for any others. We're not gonna do any better. Three murders walk free? And three don't. It closes this case. It gives us a break from more bloodshed. OK. Bring 'em in. The others will find their way into our net eventually. Santi: The place you tracked me down, put the gun to my head. Lose the salvadorans there. We'll teach them how to use a machete. Hiatt: You want to get some backup on this? I mean, what if Santi's setting us up? His three shooters could be ten. Nah, nah. This is a straight-up deal. He wants us off the scent of whatever the byz lats have brewing. Giving up these idiots is a bargain. You're not gonna believe this. Hiatt: What? What is it? Spin them this way. We'll go in the side door. Let's go. - Show me your hands! - Police! Vic: Get against the wall right now! Against the wall! Get down! Show me your hands! On your head! Don't you move! All aboard. Black Mercedes is in the garage. Ready? Don't move! Hands on your head! Hands on your head! Turn around. Eduardo Romero? Si. I'm glad we found the rest of you. Billings: It's OK. We're the police. All right. Leave. Uh, we need to ask you a few questions first. Like what happened to the other half of your arm? Eduardo: I'm a mexican official. Diplomatic immunity. And I told you to leave. We need to get you to a hospital. Dutch. You ever heard of traveler's checks? The consulate office is furious. Claim Romero explicitly told you not to bring him down here. Brought him in for his own good. Protective custody. They chopped the guy's arm off. Diplomatic immunity, Dutch. International protocol. This guy lost his arm at a grisly crime scene. He had a suitcase full of unexplained cash. He was present at the San Marcos murders. Mexican consulate's gonna be here in five minutes. We're never gonna see this guy again. How we supposed to stop that? Romero held onto that cash like it was his missing hand. Going home without it is not an option. We want him to stick around, we make sure his $230,000 luggage gets lost. That amount of money is booked. Technically, we should notify and send to narcotics. 35% of bills test positive for drug residue... A lot of bills, a lot of testing. Could be tied up in the system a while. I'll expect a lot of angry calls from diplomats... Mexican and our own. But maybe Romero hangs around L.A. long enough for us to get into him and crack this case. Get that suitcase out of here before his "get out of the country" free card shows up. Vic: Open it. Your bail came through. Let's go. These are the shotgun mexis broke up your little street fair today. Too bad you can't hang around for a little while and get better acquainted. Get out. Get out. OK, we kept our end of the deal, delivered the shooters. Let's hope Hernan can keep his. He will. We stopped the blood... For now. Thanks again for the toys. You're welcome. I'm sorry if I said too much earlier. I got a lot on my mind... Listen, it's no problem. I've been there myself, so... Some thing happened between Vic and Shane, some kind of rift, and it's pretty bad. I don't get involved in Vic's business. Well, I get involved with Shane's. We're still married, and I'm worried about him. Maybe you should talk to your children's father. What, you think Vic's gonna do something to him? Tell Vic we don't want any trouble. He can get hurt, too. What? He has just as much to lose as we do, if not more. What the hell are you talking about? Just tell him, OK? Hey. Number one? How much? All of it. I need to see your supply invoices. My gasoline is legal, man. I'm the one with a badge, Abdul. I'll decide whether it's legal or not. Well, you can't just order me to show information. You need a warrant. You might want to have a better look at that badge. That gives me the right to your receipts. I'm a citizen, man. Yeah. Not in my world. You can't... Aagh! I see here you got a shipment coming tonight from Nawzad oil. Maybe they're on the homeland security watch. You're gonna refuse that shipment. That's bullshit, man. I need the gasoline. Don't worry. Another supplier will be here tomorrow to fill up all your tanks. What supplier? I'm not sure, but I'm guessing it ends in I-A-N. The armenians? They put you up to this? Nobody puts me up to anything. I'm just a guy looking out for the best interests of his country. I'll be back tonight to check on your patriotism. Vic: Where's Hernan? He called me. He's 20 minutes late. I know. We lost contact with him. What's that mean? Any way you guys could have compromised his cover? No. No. You saw our operation. It was strictly on a need-to-know basis. Shit. Claudette Wyms. Captain at the barn. I uh... Found this buried under the paperwork when I moved into my office. It was taken from Ben when he was being processed. Never made its way back to you. And you thought now would be the right time to return them? No. You seemed upset at the barn today. Wondering if I could help. It's nothing. It's taken care of. I have two girls. A little older... Same age difference. Can't find a picture of my ex anywhere either. Guess we know how to pick 'em, right? Mine had his demons. He was shot in the head in the front seat of the car with my oldest sitting next to him. How they dealing with that? I don't know. Seem OK. Never know what's going on in their heads. Yeah, they don't tell you anything. Well, after a while, you stop asking. Good night. You ever blame yourself? Putting them through all that shit? Not any more. Good for you. You need my help, you call me. A few weeks ago... Vic wanted to know how Ben got ahold of... Cash down in Mexico. You wired him the money when he was on the run? That would be aiding and abetting. Tough choice for a wife and mother. Vendrell came by today. He wanted the same information. He was all jacked up. I just don't want Vic and his guys... I won't let them hurt you in this. Danny: 1-Tango-13. I have a white male possible D.B. Requesting an R.A. unit. Hanlon: Jesus! Thinking premium or regular unleaded? Don't come to this house again. Keeping the widow warm since the old man's been gone? You've destroyed enough families. You leave hers alone. Don't worry. It's not like it's a live grenade or anything. It's Gilroy's mexican information. Good luck on the goat farm. I hear the Juarez P.D. is looking for a few good hombres. Think if I was gonna run, I'd set up the same deal we had for Lem? The one you knew all the details to? Come on, Vic. You taught me better than that. I knew if I cranked up Nancy's motor, it would get you here... On neutral ground... So that I cold give you this. What is it? The original is in a warm, safe place. Now, anything happens to me... or my wife... or my son... Even my mail man, anybody, that I am close to... that lands on I.A.D.'s doorstep. Just imagine every wrong,