since killing Lem to figure out an exit strategy. You have any intel on what Shane's driving? Downtown found his truck a couple hours ago. Unis have the plate numbers from Mara's Lexus. Think he'll head south? Shane knows the first place we'd look is Mexico. Only question is if he's stupid enough to go there anyway. See anything? Couple of photos missing from their frames. Hey, check this out. Prescription for Jackson. "Amoxicillin. Take one teaspoon two times daily for pertussis." Yesterday's date. If Jackson's sick, they might need to refill that soon. You keep gathering police intel for Mara's phone call. We'll keep feeding them whatever they need to hear until we find them. Well, then what? What if we don't find him alone? What if Mara's with him? What, you mean his accomplice? Mara's not an innocent. She's pregnant, and the kid's 2. That's a decision for when we need to make a decision. Does Lloyd ever let new people into his life? Teenage kid? Doesn't take much to scare a man away. I started seeing somebody too soon after Chuck left, and I don't think Lloyd really liked that too much. What'd he do? Well, it was one of Lloyd's teachers when we lived back in tulsa, and... you know what? I don't want to talk about this. I don't want to ruin a lovely evening. Sure, but if you ever want to sometime... this guy went after Lloyd... pushed him around. It was really awful. Wow. Well, what caused that? Let's save that for next time. Does Lloyd have any trouble getting back into his schoolwork since... Iloyd adjusts easily with all this moving around. It's just... we shouldn't do this. We shouldn't? This is an... an, uh... an open case. It's still, um... it's not right. It's crossing the line. Wasn't this a date? A good one? Um... ri... I'm... I'm sorry. I can't do this. I'm... it's not a good idea, Rita. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. I can't handle this, really. Please don't. I think we should wait, given the circumstances, get some distance between us and the case, then in the future, I-I can... I can definitely see something happening. Detective Vic Mackey, Farmington division. How can I help you, detective? Well, can you tell me what these antibiotics are used to treat? Oh. Pertussis is whooping cough. Can you check if any of the local pharmacies have refilled this prescription in the last 24 hours? Well, medical records are private. Oh, I know. I know. We're just trying to track down a killer before he leaves the country. I was hoping you could give us a head start. Well, I'd be happy to help you, detective, if you could come back with a subpoena. Do you have any other police I. D? I, uh... I left my badge in my squad house. Sorry, I can't help you. I'll be happy to call your boss, let him know why. No, that won't be necessary. Thanks. Every law enforcement agency statewide has a description of Vendrell's vehicles and recent pictures of the family. How long you plan to keep Shane out of the press? We'd rather have him in cuffs before word gets out that he tried to kill another officer. 24 hours and we haven't found him, we'll release his picture and charges to get the public's help. I'd like to be off a desk by then. We've already discussed this. At least let me roll on a strike team with Julien. Gangs aren't taking a holiday just because some... gangs aren't your problem anymore. I'm dismantling the strike team. That's not your decision alone. You told me I'd have authority over the Barn. I'm exercising that authority. We've got the highest arrest rate in Farmington. Who takes the credit when we arrest Shane and haul his corrupt ass in? You don't blame the whole army for one soldier's war crimes. Do I have the authority or don't I? It's your house. Hope you're doing the right thing. Julien, you'll be reassigned to uniform duty. Captain, I've earned the right. Yes, you did. When you pass the detectives' exam, I'll see to it you're promoted. In the meantime, Vendrell is our number-one priority. When you're cleared for work, you'll be reassigned. The strike team is my team to run. Give me some new blood. I've had enough blood. You don't like it, put in for a transfer. I don't like this. Me either. Can't let them get caught. That's right. Not gonna help you find them if somebody's gonna get hurt. Corrine, the last thing in the world I'm gonna do is hurt them. You really expect me to believe you're not gonna want payback? This isn't about payback. It's about the father of your children staying free. And the best way we can do that is to keep Shane and Mara a couple... you know what to do. Now, do it. Hello? Hi, Corrine. Tell me what you know. They're holding off releasing Shane's picture to the press. What else? All divisions are involved. The federal authorities have been notified. Your pictures are being released to borders and airports. If you give me a 50-mile radius as to where you are, Vic can probably get more detailed information as to exactly where the police are. He said if we give him a 50-mile radius of where we are, they can get more specifics. Give me the phone. Put Vic on. Now, Corrine. I know he's there. I'm listening. The deal was my wife speaks to your ex-wife, not that you sit in on the call or coach Corrine on how to pump Mara for intel. Just looking out for you, Shane. You don't want your plan to go to shit just like your plan to kill me and Ronnie. That plan was solid. You had no idea. I just couldn't get the brother to close the deal with Ronnie. And you were waiting for me at my place, weren't you? Least I had the Sack to take you out myself. You're the pussy who sent some random Mexicans to rub me out along with Rezian. What can I do for you now, Shane? You can help me steer clear of the police, so we both don't end up in prison. I can't do that if I don't know which direction you're pointed in. I'm gonna be pointing at you if I catch you near any one of these calls again. And don't think I won't be watching. I'm glad to know it. Tonight, at 10:00, when we call this number, Corrine had better have some new intel, what'd he say? Shane's paranoid. The sooner we get him out of the country, the better. What would happen to Jackson if he had whooping cough and he stopped his meds? If he doesn't get the right antibiotics, it could turn into pneumonia, get dangerous. Here you go. Claudette shut down the strike team. Holy shit. Another thing that I've got to thank Shane for when we catch up to him. How'd the phone call with Mara go? I wasn't able to get a 20. Here. See if Shane tried to get this prescription refilled anywhere around here. I'm not getting anywhere without my goddamn badge. What are you gonna work next? If Shane's got fake I.D. S, who's the paper man? How's he financing this cannonball run? He didn't ask for cash, so he must have some. You know, we assumed that the Mexicans who killed Rezian took his 100 grand. You think Shane snagged it? That kind of money could take him a long way. Yeah. Here's hoping Jackson's cough doesn't take a turn for the better. We need to get out of I.a. Soon. The less moving we do for the next day or two, the better off we are. He's still running a fever, Shane. Hell, I'm doing the best I can, Mara. Iook, we got to get rid of this car. Then we can take care of Jackson. Well, if that black asshole you hired had done his job, then we wouldn't be running like this. Yeah, well, I don't get to pick and choose which guys I can hang murder charges over. This shouldn't take long, okay? Just wait in the car. Be careful. Hey, what's the word, amigo? Last time you called me amigo, I caught a four-month bid in county. Hell, it could've been four years with the shit I found on you. You got any cars on this lot with a clean Vin and papers? I'm legit. You want to search my records? I don't have to, redding. I take three more steps into this dump, I'm gonna come across a boatload of stolen auto parts with the serials burned off. What, you want me to call for an evidence truck to come down here? I may have a car with clean papers. Today's your lucky day. See that Lexus? I need to unload that. Straight-up trade... no questions asked. It just can't show up anywhere where it can be found. So, show me what you got. I got that. Are you shitting me, man? I'm offering you a Lexus, for Christ's sakes. She runs, my man. And it's the only car with the paperwork that you need. No questions asked, no calls made. I was hoping to never wear blues again. Hey, Julien. Captain just told me we're back riding together. Need to look for Vendrell. Holy shit. Girl takes a long weekend, and the whole world starts spinning backwards. Iook, since the captain benched me, I'd appreciate you keeping me in the loop on the whole Shane thing. Yeah, sure. I need to clear that with Claudette. Iook, the guy tried to kill me. If I can't be in the game, I'd like to at least hear the play-by-play. As soon as I run that past the captain, I will keep you posted. Okay. This whole thing is so weird. Yeah. ¿qué quieres, gringo? You know my partner Shane? Ain't you still got to be a cop to have a partner? You think Vic Mackey loses his job and the streets don't hear about it? A few months back, Shane was in the market for some new I.D. You know anybody who could make some good passports for him on the quick? I know he didn't come to me. I said they had to be good. Who? I don't got to tell ex-cop shit anymore now that you got no badge. I might not be a cop anymore, but I'm not a crooked wetback, either. Why don't we call some of my old colleagues, see whose story they're more interested in... mine or your illegal operation. All right, I might know a name. But then you're out of favors. Working on your stamp collection there, Marcus? Who are you? On your feet, shithead. Forging a federal document... that's a three-year stretch, minimum. Recognize this guy? He's a cop. Not anymore. He skipped town without saying goodbye. I want to send him a postcard, but since you gave him a new name, I don't have an address. I didn't make him any papers. One more lie, and I'm sending half of you to a hospital. The other half, I'm leaving on the floor. The guy said don't talk or else. You don't need to worry about him anymore. You need to worry about me. All right, I made him three passports, okay? One for him, and then one for his wife, and then one for his kid. Under what names? Uh... Shawn and Katie hoover, and the kid's name is Brian. That's good quality. Thanks. Picture's not in there yet. I was just about to do that. I'll spare you the trouble. Cost of doing business. He's getting even hotter, Shane. Here, well, maybe we should, uh... we should run him a bath again. Uh, yeah? Open the door. Come here, honey. Okay, just, uh... just a second. Uh... yeah? Does that kid ever stop making noise? Yeah, we're just figuring out a way to get his medicine. How about figure it out quicker? I got jet lag and a goddamn meeting I got to get some sleep for, okay? Look, man, we're trying the best we can. You know, most people wait till it's dark to go to sleep. Just shut the goddamn kid up. Hey, you know what? Why don't I take a shit in your goddamn earholes, give you a little peace and quiet? I'm sorry. Our kid has a fever, and he's miserable. We're getting him the medication. He'll be better, and he'll be quiet real soon. I promise. Appreciate it. Thanks. Let's just get in the car, get Jackson's medicine, and get as far away from here as we can. You know why crooks get caught? Because they move around. We got to be smarter than that. We got to stay off the roads and out of sight as much as possible. For how long?! Well, right now, Mara, every cop from Seattle to San diego is beating the Bush looking for us. There's a presidential motorcade coming through town this weekend. It's gonna tie a lot of those people up. It's gonna give us the best shot that we're gonna get to get out of here, but until then... until then, we just got to hole up here. We still have to get Jackson his medicine, so we have to go out for that. Only because you left it at home. I'll go get his medicine. Come on, buddy. Steve? Allison. Hey, mags. I told you, don't call me that. Just happy to see you, Margaret. I told you I mailed the check. I'm sorry it's late again. It's fine. That's not why we're here. Anita brohm called me last week. Someone moved into the Lynch house... single guy, name's irving heap. Anita looked him up on the internet. He's a registered sex offender. He molested a teenage girl in sacramento. Mags, I'll take care of this. Don't you worry about this guy, all right? It's what I do. Irving heap? I'm detective Wagenbach. This is detective Billings. We hear you're new to the neighborhood. I re-registered two weeks ago. Yeah, well, consider us the welcome wagon. My family lives right down the street. I notice you're not cops in this district. I know my rights. I'm not going anywhere near your family or anyone else's. That what you want to hear? Steve... I am sick, detective. That won't ever change. And I raped that girl in sacramento, but I did my stint. I haven't touched jailbait since, so I have just as much right to live on this street as anyone else. Hi. Hear you responded to the police alert. Shawn hoover. I didn't see your bulletin until after he left. It was less than a half-hour ago, though. Is that him? He had a young boy with him... quite ill. Did you happen to see what kind of car he was driving when he left? Mnh-mnh. Did he buy anything else? Yeah, there was one other thing. Hi. Uh, gave Jackson his medicine. The pharmacist says if it's gonna work, it's gonna work fast, but we got to watch him now. And, uh, we got you this. Thanks, baby. Yeah. What are those for? Um... I had an idea. The market's so bad right now, there's all these houses that are sitting empty. Some of them are sitting six, eight months at a time. It's too dangerous to squat. Yeah, but some of these houses aren't even being shown. I mean, the owners are just waiting for the market to rebound. Mara, we're better off just staying still. Yeah, well, Jackson's not. I mean, this place isn't good for him... the dust in here, the air. Plus, baby, if he keeps crying, more people are gonna come checking. I just missed him. Put Shane's alias out to all the local emergency rooms. Why all the E.r. S? Jackson might be sicker than we thought. That's why Shane's still in town. I'll go wide... 60-mile radius. I'm gonna check on motels and start in the area of this pharmacy and work my way out. Shane's not stupid enough to go to a pharmacy near where he's staying. No, but maybe Shawn hoover is. If you do find them, it's decision time, Vic. What about Mara? She's not an innocent. Mara knows everything Shane does. She always has. That's the way he wanted it. He came after us, and she helped him. Now, if we take out Shane and leave her, she's gonna get caught, and she's gonna start pointing all kinds of fingers at us. Jesus Christ. What about Jackson? Jackson's too young to be a witness. Latest research indicates voters want their populism in small doses with competence and authority as the main attraction. I thought your campaign headquarters should reflect that. Quiero presentarte mi amigo, guillermo Diaz. Mucho gusto. I met with miguel calderon today. He's very interested in coming on board as your campaign finance Chief. I know miguel. He's a good guy. But, uh, I'm inclined to head in a different direction. Calderon starts on Monday. Cruz, that's not your decision. And this is a conversation we should be having in private. You need to be very clear on one thing. This place, your campaign war chest, media buys, high-dollar strategists... everything that ensures that you will be the next mayor of Los Angeles, comes with a price. And I am very grateful for your support, but this is still my campaign.</i> Mr. Mayor... the dick is up your ass, and I am the one, not you, who decides when and if it comes out. ¿entiendes? It was all I could do to keep from breaking this prick's jaw. You did great. The whole point here is to get Pezuela believing he's calling the shots. Lull him into false complacency, he'll get overconfident, start making mistakes. Lets us take him down. Well, this better happen sooner than later. I have an election, and I'm not gonna win it pretending to be this asshole's water boy... especially in front of his new business associate. Who's that? He introduced him as guillermo Diaz. Pezuela's verbal beat down was for this guy's benefit. And judging from his obvious need to impress, I'm guessing your intel about a cartel evaluator was dead-on. Would you be able to pick Diaz out if we gave you some intelligence files? Sure. Deena's tip was dead-on. Shane and Mara were here. They traded down for a green '91 ford taurus. Give dispatch that plate number. You gonna let Ronnie know? No. Don't you think he should know? Look, the whole city's working overtime to find Vendrell. Updating Gardocki is not my first priority. Hey, I sure hope you can help me out. Have you seen this guy by any chance? He's a friend. Sorry. He's traveling with his wife and a sick child. Shawn hoover. Iook, I picked this up for him. His kid really needs it. Been getting a lot of complaints about that brat crying. What room? Dr. Willen, 2451. Dr. Willen, 2451. These people look fine. Jackson's really sick. He needs to see a doctor. What do you want me to do, Mara? I think he's having a bad reaction to the medication. I understand. Well, can you get your sick son in to see a doctor now, please? Excuse me. He wasn't there. I missed him again. Call just came in. City of angels hospital. Nurse at the desk flagged Shawn hoover. He brought his son, Brian, in with a high fever. I'm on my way. Something else... Julien and Tina tracked down Mara's Lexus through Deena. Where? Chop shop in sunland. He traded it for a 1991 green ford taurus with clean plates and registration. Claudette and company have that info? About five minutes before me. Got it. Margaret saw irving heap just now. He kept staring at her, angry, passed the house a few times. It scared her, Steve. What the hell did you do? I just went by his house to put the fear of God in him. Everything is fine. How's it fine? The man's still living on our street. I came to you for help, and whatever you said to him made things worse. Iook, these types... they operate in the shadows. All I'm trying to do is draw him out. Now he sees my kids as a threat. Nothing's going to happen to our kids. Heap knows I'm a cop. I thought you might be able to help. Hey. Hey. You lied to me. You goddamn bastard. Rita, wh-what... Iloyd told me everything last night. About what? You think that he shot that kid deliberately? You think he actually planned to kill him? Is that true? I actually felt... I'm so stupid. I looked into something you said. That teacher in tulsa that pushed Lloyd around... he wanted to file criminal charges against Lloyd. Apparently, one night when you were out, Lloyd tied up his son and threatened to torture and kill him. That was a game. That was a stupid game. He was never gonna do that. No, it was him acting out on his murder fascination. You made me think we were on a date, and all you were doing was gathering evidence on my son. Rita... I ought to slap you. If I were brave enough, I would slap the shit out of you. Just don't come near us. You got that? You found Pezuela's compadre? Yeah, I did. His name isn't Diaz. It's guillermo beltran. You're certain that's the man you saw? Yeah, 100%. Why? You want to keep me embedded in this jackpot, I'm entitled to know who I'm rubbing elbows with. Guillermo beltran, former secretariat of the presidential guard. Resigned ahead of a corruption shake-up during the vicente fox administration. Used his grimy affiliation to kiss himself into the guerrero drug cartel as head of security. You know, I knew Pezuela was hooked up, but... this guy's worldwide. He's been on the d.o.d.'s watch list three years running. No wonder Pezuela was trying to impress him. His boss is in town. Power player of this caliber elevates Pezuela way beyond byz lat game level. No shit. And him taking stock of local operations tells me the guerrero cartel wants a seat at the table running the second biggest city in America. I need to get Washington in the loop. You know, from now on, your bosses need to stop treating my mayoral campaign as some loss leader for an I.c.E. Investigation. That's never been the case. Oh, we both know that it is. And it stops right now. You heard Vic turned in his badge yesterday? I thought he had another week. So, the way that I see it... that leaves me to be your most important instrument in the guerrero cartel investigation. And you still have our appreciation. But what I want is credit for a high-profile international takedown, 'cause if I don't get mine... then I've never seen this guy. I need to take care of this irving heap situation. Heap hasn't come anywhere near violating the terms of his parole. I know we're not gonna get this guy acting officially as cops. You're my partner, right? What, I'm supposed to be Shane Vendrell to whatever Vic Mackey plan you've hatched? Look how it worked out for them. No, thanks. How's everything going between you and Rita? She looked pretty pissed. Her son committed a murder. She's starting to realize that fact. You know, I'm not exactly sure what lover Dutch game you're playing there, but I know that none of it's been above boards. Now, I was with you every step of the way on that case. I listened to your theories. I got you alone with the kid. Now it's your turn to step up. I can't be a party to anything that's unethical. I'm sorry. I've given him a shot of a stronger antibiotic. It's gonna help with his cough and the fever? Eventually. My immediate concern is getting the temperature down. I want to keep him here overnight so I can keep an eye on him. Well, is that really necessary? I mean, we can do that, right? I'd rather have him here. Iook, doc, it's just that I'm starting a new job in a couple of days up north. If I'm not there, it's gone. Your son shouldn't be traveling. Trust me... we don't want that, either. Iook, it's just that I've been out of work for a little while. And we don't have insurance. We'll watch him every minute. If anything goes wrong, if his fever doesn't come down, we'll stop at a hospital on the way. I have some samples of the antibiotic to tide you over. I'll meet you at the nurse's station and tell you how they should be administered. Okay. Thank you. Jesus Christ. Detective Keefe, I got your call. Steve Billings. Iooks like you caught the bastard on something. Found child pornography in his bedroom. Second offense, so this guy's going back to prison. Detective Wagenbach. I'm curious... how'd you get the warrant? Anonymous tip. Really? Where from? Don't know. It was anonymous. Once in a while, you get lucky. I appreciate the call. If you ever need anything, you know where to find me. Shawn? Shawn, got to go. I'll be right there. Let's leave it. Let's go. What? I heard two nurses talking. They said somebody got shot. There's an ambulance, and the police are on the way. Come on, come on, come on. It's okay. It's okay, Jackson. Shh. It's okay. Officer! Officer, that man over there has a gun! Hey, you! Hey! Stop right there. There's no problem here, guys. Stop walking now! Keep your hands where we can see them. Are you carrying a weapon? .357 eagle... crossdraw. Get on the ground. I said, "get on the ground"! Now! The whole neighborhood's talking about irving heap's arrest. Area police were already on the job. I just gave them an insider's nudge. Thanks, dad. I'll take you to that movie this weekend, okay? Okay. I love you. You feel good about yourself? Actually, I do. I'm gonna sleep a hell of a lot better tonight knowing my daughters are safe. You committed a crime. What crime is that? Did heap really have that child porn, or did they plant it along with their bogus warrant? You were there. I didn't ask, and detective Keefe did me the courtesy of not telling. He's been clean for six years, Steve. No, he wasn't clean. He just hadn't been caught. And for all we know, he was gonna stay clean. They found kiddy porn in the guy's bedroom, for Christ's sake. Come on, he's spot-checked twice a month. Today he just happened to leave kiddy porn on his dresser? Please. A cop helped another cop out. It's called loyalty. It's wrong. Yeah, well, if it's so wrong, why don't you turn me and half the north Hollywood division in? Vic Mackey was detained by two police officers in a hospital in east Hollywood tonight. Why was he held? A couple with a small child told the officers that he had a gun and pointed it at them. Well, that doesn't make any sense. No. So, they looked at the hospital surveillance tape, and the couple was Shane and Mara Vendrell. Tell me what you know about it, and don't leave anything out. I've been chained to a desk, remember? I don't know what Vic does every minute of the day. Then tell me about the minutes you do know about. Of course Vic wants to bring Shane in, but I don't know why they were at a hospital. I don't know how Vic found them. Vic's gone. He left in disgrace. Now, you've got two roads to choose from. You can either look at this as a fresh start, or you can throw your career away just like he's done. What do you want to do, detective? I want my job. Then start fighting for it. I'm gonna ask you one more time about last night. Why does Vendrell want you dead? Vic and I found out that Shane killed Lem. Go on. We'd been suspecting him for a few weeks. After all this time, trying to find the asshole that killed our friend, things started pointing at Shane. Just things? The grenade. We made a bust on the Salvadorans, confiscated some. We think Shane held one back. What reason would Shane have to kill Lem? I don't know. The only thing that we could figure out was Shane's involvement with the armenians. Shane was double dipping. Lem found out about it. When Rezian's whole crew wound up dead, that theory started looking a lot better. Do you have proof for any of this, or is this all based on assumptions? Kavanaugh's final report... the night Lem was killed. Shane told us he had been followed all night long just like we had. Only Kavanaugh wrote only Vic and I were followed. Shane lied to us. And why am I just finding out about this now? Captain, Shane was our friend. We didn't want to come to you until we knew we had all the proof, and Shane must have found out about it and tried to have us killed. "Us"? Vic thinks that Shane was waiting at his place personally last night. If I hadn't have called him when my hit went sideways, Vic could be dead right now. So, Vic went to the hospital for revenge? No, a bullet is too good. Vic wants Shane caught. He wants him to serve time with all the other shitbags that we put in there. We're all on the same side on this, captain. Returning my calls in person? Uh, better late than never. I've got a lot on my plate. Really? 'cause I hear you're already unemployed. I didn't want to tell you over the phone. Quite the asshole. This is the guy I.c.E. Has been interested in all along. Aceveda's the one who put us onto him. Then prepare to get bitten in the ass. The lies start with Aceveda looking at himself in the mirror every morning. David's an open book. He has agreed to keep us advised on beltran's involvement. Well, I'll pick up where he leaves, get a handle on beltran's street activities. But we're gonna have to formalize our business relationship on the long term. Vic, you're not a cop anymore. You're just a C.I. Now. Then I'm not freelancing for you people in a war zone. I need I.c.E. Credentials, a paycheck, and full dental. That was an easier sell before you turned your badge in. If you're no longer valuable to Pezuela, we're not sure you're valuable to this investigation moving forward. Who says I'm no longer valuable to Pezuela? I'm still on his payroll. I still have all the cop connections I need. If anything, being badgeless just means I have more time to devote to his cause. We're not sure we see it that way. I've been keeping you out of jail and in a job. When that box shows up with your file in it, you'll see how goddamn valuable I am. Listen, just give me some time to get cozied up to this beltran guy. You'll see I'm still the man on the inside. I helped you out of your jam. You can help me out of mine. Rita. Why are you so convinced Lloyd's a murderer? Come in. I went home last night after seeing you, and he and I got into an argument. About what? You. I told him that we kissed and that I was hoping that we could start dating. I thought he'd be happy, because you'd been so good to us. And he called me pathetic. Then he started laughing at me, because I'd thought that you were interested. Then he said that you ruined me for him. What does that mean? You need to get away from him. He's not an abusive husband or a cheating boyfriend. He's my son. I cook dinner for him. I drive him to school. I wash his clothes. I can't walk away from him. Bring him into the Barn. Help me convince him to confess. And what if he doesn't... if he's innocent? He's not. You can't prove that. We both know it. He's my boy! Every killer this world has ever seen started out as somebody's boy. Iloyd is gonna kill somebody else eventually... someone else's son or daughter... unless you help me stop him. I don't believe that. I don't believe that! No. What if Shane saw you coming here? He didn't. I made sure. Don't worry about it. Hey, cass. Dad. What are you doing here so late? Oh, your mother and I have an important phone call. Listen, kid, you should get ready for bed, okay? I didn't do anything this time. No one said you did. Is that phone call about me? No, cass. No, no, it's not about you. I am glad that I caught you before you went to sleep, though. Go on, get ready. Night. Night. Shane said he didn't want you here. Well, then, let's not tell him. Hello? What the hell's wrong with you? What the hell is wrong with me?</i> Is Vic there? You told him to stay away, didn't you? I get why Vic lied. What I don't understand is why you would. I didn't lie to you. All we're trying to do is get away from him, Corrine. Don't you comprehend that? We don't want to see you, and you don't want to see us, but that's not enough, is it? That'll never be enough for Vic. We want the same things that you do, Mara. Vic tried to kill us tonight, and you helped him. He made you an accessory to attempted murder, and now you're a criminal just like Vic. What do you mean? He came after us at the hospital tonight while I was trying to get Jackson treated for his fever. And if those cops didn't show up when they did, he would have murdered my entire family... my unborn child. I understand. I hope so, because that's why Vic turned in his badge. He's just gonna keep coming after us until he gets what he wants, and the death of my children will be on your head. When I call you tomorrow at 1:00, you need to have detailed and specific information on how and where the police are looking for us. You got that? Yeah. I'm only asking you again 'cause I don't have a choice, Corrine. What did she say? She said that... that they don't trust you anymore and that they're not going to be calling back here... ever. I think I scared her. I want you to do something for me. Sure. What? You got me here, and, uh... and I'll be safe for a few days. I want you to go back, and I want you to turn yourself in. No. L-I don't even want to think about that now, just listen to me. Because it's too late. Listen, listen, listen to me. Listen to me, okay? They got nothing solid on you. You just tell them that I threatened you into helping me, and tell them that you were scared for your life, okay? They'll believe that. I won't do it. Mara, you got to take care of Jackson... yourself... our little baby girl right in here. No. Mara, you and... and the kids can still have a good life, and that's... that is all that matters to me. No, we wouldn't. We wouldn't have you. Listen, you can't ||think about me now, okayyo||u can't. All right? Now, you got to go. OK you got to go. Come on. Come on. Come on. We're a family. Nobody's gonna tear us apart. Let's go inside.