Mr. Mayor, the dick is up your ass, and I am the one who decides when it comes out. Pezuela's verbal beat-down was for this guy's benefit. I'm guessing your intel about a cartel evaluator was dead-on. A guillermo beltran... no wonder Pezuela was trying to impress him. His boss is in town. You heard Vic turned in his badge yesterday? That leaves me to be your most important instrument in the gurrero cartel investigation. If you're no longer valuable to Pezuela, we're not sure you're valuable to this investigation. I'm looking for a place to hide $100,000 where Vic won't find it. Why does Vendrell want you dead? Vic thinks that Shane was waiting at his place last night. Shane Vendrell hired you to kill Gardocki? Mackey! What happened to Shane? He just left! Every law-enforcement agency statewide has a description of Vendrell's vehicles and recent pictures of the family. Shane and I are getting out of town. I am gonna call from wherever we are and check in. Vic and Ronnie are gonna do everything in their power to prevent the cops from finding us. We got to find them before anyone else does. That man over there has a gun! Vic tried to kill us tonight, and you helped him. When I call you tomorrow, you need to have information on how and where the police are looking for us. What did she say? That they're not going to be calling back here ever. Who the hell are you? Tell stella we're here to see her. Oh, she's asleep, being the middle of the goddamn night and all. We're old friends of her daughter's. Well, I haven't seen Mara. Since you boys drove all the way from Los Angeles, can I get you a drink? The local police have already been through here. Stella told them everything. Why don't you pour yourself a turpentine martini and give us some air? The last time I saw you, my daughter got herself in some trouble, and you weren't real nice about it, Vic. Yeah, well, Mara's got herself in an even worse jam. You have any idea where she and Shane might be headed? Keeping your mouth shut means you're aiding a fugitive. You made that sound so official. It just doesn't seem legit, though, this whole midnight drop-by. And I don't know shit about where Mara's gone to. Shane's dangerous. It's not safe for Mara out there or for Jackson. And her pregnancy could be in jeopardy. Pregnancy? Oh, well, this is a real fun way to get the happy news. Stella, how long has it been since Mara's been in touch with you? I stopped keeping track. She used to help me out with money, and when she got married, that all changed. But if you find her, you tell her I'm happy for her with that baby. Yeah, I'll be real sure to do that. Uh, give me a red bull. Nice crowd for after-hours, santi. Tip well, and they leave the lights on for you. You're in the wrong side of town, ain't you? I'm here to give you a reason to celebrate. Name's Vendrell. There's a reward waiting for anyone who can deliver him. Now, 10 grand... that'll buy you an awful lot of cervezas. You or any of your boys find Vendrell, you hold him for me. But be careful. He's an ex-cop. Call me at that number. I show up with the money, and we make the exchange. This gonna get us into any shit with your pals in blue? It'll stay just between you and me, but I've already got a few other search parties after that cash, so there will only be one winning lottery ticket. Keep it. I'm not feeling very sentimental these days. Mara? Mara? Hey, buddy. Mara? Water warm? Mmm. It helps my back. Want to come in? Close your eyes. It's like we're off the coast somewhere... ...somewhere far, far away. Soon, baby. I promise. Soon. Nothing. All right, Shane knows we were already onto his last motel, so he's probably looking for a place to crash with less eyes. My shift starts in a couple hours. All right. You coming? We're not gonna find him. Sure we are. We're betting our freedom on gang leaders, Vic. And that's if any of them spot Shane. I'm turning over every rock I can. I'm gonna run. Hey, hey, we're not there yet. I call in sick to the Barn, be across the border before anybody knows about it. It'll be a few days before they even look for me. Once you flip that switch, there's no going back. Iook, when they find Shane, we're lifers in jail. That's why we got to find him first. We had our chance. Hey, man, it's just like any other case. Sometimes you just got to wait until something hits. I can't sit in the Barn and wait. If something goes down and I don't hear about it, all they got to do is march across the bullpen and slap the cuffs on me. And how's your running gonna make me look? You should run, too, man. Hey, hey... this isn't something I haven't thought of myself, okay? Then, let's go. No! Let's go. No! Shane does not get to win. He dropped the grenade that killed our team, but he doesn't get to kill your career, my life with my children. This side gig I got going with I.c. E... It's going really well. Now, I'm trying to insulate us from all this shit, set us up with jobs and fed badges. Why would they want to bail us out, Vic? Me helping out Olivia... it's got her in my corner, and she's whispering in all the right ears. All I got to do is nail this shithead Mexican. What, Pezuela? Not Pezuela. His boss, his cartel guy. When that mousetrap springs, I'll tell I.c.E. That it's time for them to cut us a deal. And you think they'll go for that. All I need is two, three more days. We keep looking for Shane, or he stays hidden that long. I turn it up a notch with Olivia, and then I toss your name in when she starts talking terms. Give me one last shot at getting us through this shit. If I fail, we'll both run. * stay * mom? What's wrong? Megan had a bad dream. Didn't you hear her crying? Uh, okay. Um, go back to bed. Come on. You've got school in the morning. Come on. It's ready. Uh, nurse Mackey, we're here about that assault victim you called in. Can you cover my beds for me? Thanks, barb. Before I say anything, I need to be sure that I can't get into trouble for this. Vic cannot know that I came to you. Anything you say pertaining to this investigation is protected. You have my word. No, I'm gonna need it in writing. I want my lawyer to review it. Corrine, it's us. Just have the papers drawn up and be back here in two hours. What's the rush? Is Vic planning something? No, just be back here in two hours. Okay, Corrine, we'll draw up whatever documents you want, but we're gonna need to know what we're dealing with right now. Oh, God. Shane and Mara contacted me. They wanted information about the police search. Vic convinced me to go along with it. He lied to me, and he used me to try to kill them. I need Vic out of my life for good, but my kids cannot know that I did this to him. Arrest her and find out what she knows in interrogation. We arrest Corrine Mackey, that leaves us limited and dated information on Shane. Now, we work with her, that allows us to get to him. She's admitted to having regular contact with a fugitive. She could be forced to cooperate after being charged. Corrine's only trying to get free from the web that Vic has spun. Now, she didn't have to come forward. We owe her. Not to mention this could close the book on Vic Mackey for good, something that should have been done a long time ago. I gave Vic a pass from time to time, but only when he could make a difference. No. You were sweeping him under the rug. He's made a lot of good arrests. I don't want all those overturned. The crimes Corrine can help us get Vic on are limited to him and Shane. It shouldn't jeopardize any convictions. Fine. Let's give her the help she needs. How's early retirement? Turns out it's not all hawaiian shirts and fishing trips. Yeah, I heard about Vendrell. Strike team's demise is even more violent than I predicted. End of an era, but I'm already looking forward to a new one. Of course. Vic Mackey doesn't hand over his badge without an exit strategy. I'm here to warn you your golden parachute might be about to rip. Olivia gave me a heads-up. Guillermo beltran's the new fed get. Really? Pezuela's an m.b.a. With a dirty agenda. This guy beltran... he's the real power. Which is why I.c.E. Needs me now more than ever. You think chaffee and the lineup of budget crunchers he answers to gives a rat's ass about you, about keeping you alive? The moment beltran crossed that border, the rules of the game changed. The feds want this guy so bad they can taste it, and they will not have a problem shooting the messenger. Oh, I see. So you want me to just back off and let you handle things and gobble up all the glory. Is that it? There's only gonna be room for one guy to work, beltran, and that's gonna be me. That's what I do. Not anymore. You're way in over your head, councilman. Working the Mexican cartel from the inside out? This isn't pushing paperwork from the Barn to downtown. This is real police work. Pezuela's seen your old photo album. He doesn't fear you, he doesn't respect you, and beltran won't, either. So do yourself and your family a favor. Step away from the table, stay away from me, and let the real men finish this job. Eat one of those hot dogs. You know, baby... yeah? ...it might be kind of nice to find a place on the coast. Mmm, I'd like that. Hey, buddy, you ready? Yeah. Watch this. Oh! You see that? You see what daddy's doing? Yeah? Bet you a hundred grand could get us a place even bigger than this. You know what? I bet you're right. You gonna cook for me every day down in Colombia, too? No, I am going to hire us a personal chef to make us breakfast in bed every single morning. I love you. I love you. All right, daddy's gonna make his. Mmm. Okay, scoot over, buddy. Come on. Claro que sí, como no. Did we have a meeting? Think of this as roll call. I'm clocked in and ready for work. If I need you, I'll call you. Well, I've had some extra time on my hands lately, thought I could keep busy for the cause, but, hell, I get paid either way. Haven't had the pleasure. I'm Vic Mackey. El es el policía anterior sobre que te dije. That's right. I was a cop. But now I'm more of a favor granter. What kind of favors? I specialize in the hard-to-deliver kind. I guess you're a good guy to know. No, I'm not a real... Vic Mackey. Didn't expect to find you here. So, are you making new friends? How do you know Cruz? Just finishing some paperwork on an old case. What are you doing here, David? Well, you and I need to talk... in private. Come back later. Now, if you and I are gonna continue in this arrangement, then I need a course correction that includes a restatement of my terms. You don't get terms. You get to be mayor. Oh, I know. But that'll be with or without you. I'm still deciding which. Well, do you mind giving us a hint as to which way you're leaning? From now on... you don't make any decisions regarding my campaign, who I work with, or where I work out of. ¿entiendes? I don't care how much you or your investors contribute. You are my goddamned errand boy, and you will do exactly as you're told! You're an empty suit. You're a checkbook, nothing more. And just because you hang out with tough guys doesn't make you tough. David. Get back! Get back, Vic. You assaulted a reserve police officer, and that's a felony. You have made a very big mistake. The only mistake I made was letting you think that I was your errand boy. It's still the other way around. What the hell was that?! I just proved my point. You just blew that I.c.E. Investigation right out the window. The one you're so desperate to stay relevant to, huh? By taking on the cartel, you've opened yourself to a world of possibilities, all of them bad! You're gonna get yourself killed. You know, beltran just saw the same thing you just saw, which means I'm gonna deal with him directly from now on. So, if you're still fantasizing about being I.c.E.'s connection to the cartel, well, you better get yourself a new gig. Here you go, captain. Would you like me to stay? I'm fine. Thank you. Mara came to see me a few nights ago. She claims that Vic and Ronnie tried to kill Shane, something having to do with the armenians. And Mara asked you to help her and Shane get police information regarding them as fugitives? Vic thought it would be best if Shane and Mara left the country, that it would be better for all of us if they got away. Instead, he tried to track them down himself? Did Ronnie have anything to do with this hunt? I don't know if Ronnie helped him or not. How did Vic find Shane? He asked me about medication that Jackson was taking. Mara called me to say that Vic had tracked them down last night, tried to kill them. She's pregnant, for God sakes. I never liked her, but she didn't deserve this. Pay Vic a visit? Not yet. We've seen the hold he's got on Corrine. I'm not sure she'd be willing to repeat that in a courtroom. I'll use inglewood to set up the tap on Corrine's phone. That way, we won't trigger any suspicion with Ronnie. I'll park him with Billings until we know what his involvement is. Steve will like that. He's got a pretty big man crush. I don't want inglewood to know who this number's for. You never know how far Mackey's reach goes. You think Vic's got that many friends left? Well, from here on out, this investigation is between us. ...9, 10! Ready or not, here I come! Where's Jackson? Shh. Where's Jackson? Nope, he's not in there! Is he over here? Nope! I didn't know you played the piano, baby. Yeah, my mom made me take lessons when I was a kid. I was in class with these four girls. It didn't last long. I was too busy wanting to help my dad fix cars. Wish I would have kept at it, though. Mm. Where's Jackson? Let's see. There you are! I found you! Baby, look at him dance. Come on, baby! Show me your two-step, little man. Come on. Come on, buddy. Show me what you got. All right, I'll tell him. Should I come back? What do you need, Steve? I just got a call from a detective in north Hollywood. He asked if we'd interview a couple locals for him on a murder case they got. Oh, we're a little busy right now. Oh, it's just taking a few statements, eliminating them as suspects. I figure if Dutch and I split up, we can knock it out by lunchtime. Grab Gardocki. Dutch is staying with me on Vendrell today. Oh, you catch a lead on Shane? What's going on? We got nothing. Hey, looks like you and me are first string today. What do you mean? North Hollywood's got a home-invasion murder. So? So, they want us to do the interviews. This is a chance for you and me to chat things up. You can tell me how you met that asian hottie. I want to stick around here and see what breaks on the Shane thing. Oh, sorry, Claudette's orders. Besides, by the time we're done, you could be speaking to Vendrell in person. What did you hear? Dutch and Claudette are upstairs playing "I got a secret," but it's real enough. Vic and Shane always seemed so tight. Friendships do get tested, I guess. What's he doing here? Mara? Corrine, Vic's walking up to your front door right now. What do I do? You on a landline or a cordless? Cordless. Good. Just set the phone down, act like it's off, I'll keep the line open. Hi. What are you doing here? It's almost 1:00. I know it's a long shot, but I thought maybe Shane and Mara would call back. She said she didn't trust us. Remember? She doesn't trust me. Either way, they're desperate. Can I just come in and wait around for a while? You never know. Hey, the place looks nice. Yeah, I, uh, took advantage of having the day off, and I did some cleaning. Iook, I know you never asked to be a part of this. I want you to know I really appreciate you pulling through for me here. Just hang in there. We're gonna miss the call. Well, looks like they kept their promise. If you hear from them, let me know right away, okay? I will. Are you still there? Yeah, he's on his way to his car. Hang up the phone. Hello? Why was the line busy, Corrine? I have two autistic kids, Mara. One of them knocked the bedroom phone off the hook. I'm sorry. Tell me what you know. They've expanded their search to include other precincts. All major throughways out of the city are being watched. What else? They're going to release your pictures for the evening news. I'll call you back at 10:00. Sounds like she's in. I got nothing yet. Iook at you, beverly hills cop. Been a long time. What are Dutch and Claudette up to? They've been out all day. I've been stuck in interrogation with Billings. Something's going on, but I don't see how I can find out what. What about Billings? Can he get something out of Dutch? I'll try. He wants to be my best friend. Ask Julien, too. I'm not sure what side he's on here. It's better than nothing. How's it going with our I.c.E. Angle? That's all looking good. Hey, don't treat me like Claudette. What's the real deal here? Right now, it's all about Aceveda. So, I got to get I.c.E. To move away from him first. Well, how are you gonna do that? With a little help from you. You got a drink you can recommend here? How did you know I was here? More mysterious if I don't tell you. This conversation will be a lot longer if you do. Waited outside of Pezuela's place for you to come out, see which car you were driving. We got the plate, and I had a friend of mine in the department put your car on a watch and advise. 10 minutes later, we got a hit your benz was sleeping outside in this parking lot, and here I am. You still got juice with the police, huh? Enough to make a screwdriver for every vato in I.a. I don't know who you are, exactly, but judging by the way Pezuela puffed up his chest when I first got there, I'd say important... which means you're cartel. Pretty high up, too. Can I guess why you're here? Pezuela's screwing up... body draggings, public assassination, pointing the finger at your organization while he walks around in a suit and tie, more interested in his big buildings than doing business for you. Getting his ass kicked by a politician today... that couldn't have inspired much confidence. We don't work well with outsiders. Who do you think... He's not gonna be looking for a dead man. has been cleaning up Pezuela's mess? You want to prove yourself to me? Try me. I never want to see his face again. Pezuela? Show me the cop washes off of you. Hey, hey, someone's here. Shit. Um, finish getting him dressed. They're not coming by for another hour. I wanted to get here early and air the place out. I thought I heard someone. Hi, I'm debbie paluf. I'm with keller. You scared me. Why didn't you leave the door open? Oh, I have a single dad in there. He has a toddler, and he wanted to make sure the locks worked. He's a very nervous guy. I'll call you back. Bill said they weren't showing this place till 4:00. Oh, yeah, probably. I was actually showing my guy a place over on belden and we drove by and he saw the sign, so I called hillary gratham, and I asked her for the lockbox code. Can I ask you a question about the schools around here? Oh, hi. Hi. Mr. Wilson, apparently this house is being shown to another buyer at 4:00 today. Ah. Well, I better make my decision quick then, huh? I'm not sure if debbie showed you already, but did you see the back patio's been newly re-tiled with terra-cotta and the... what are you? Oh, my God. Take her cellphone. Take her keys. Come on. Don't hurt... please don't hurt me. Please don't. I beg you. My husband, my daughter... just shut up already! Just shut up! Aah! Hey, how's the Shane thing coming? Hard, like trying to find a needle in 10 haystacks. Dutch, so, you think that Shane's still in I.a. Like I said, Steve, we got nothing. A realtor was forcibly detained by an armed man and woman when she found them squatting in one of her homes. They locked her in a pantry before escaping in her car... Shane and Mara. Where? Los feliz. Unis say she was locked up for about an hour before another realtor arrived with clients. I'll call their captain and see can he quietly get a few cars over there. We should pull a few of ours, as well, get them all in there. Right, right, right. Julien, you got a second? Sure. What's up? I need you to issue a message on the m.d.t. This about Vendrell? Yeah, and I don't want it to go out on the radio. Beltran gave me my first task today. Apparently, he's not happy with your job performance. He sent me to kill you. Lucky for you, we don't play on the same team. I work for Olivia Murray. That's right. Agent Murray has a few questions for you, asked if I could bring you in. I'm gonna need you to give me back her file before we head over there. That file's all I got on that bitch. That bitch will send you out on the street at the cartel's mercy if I tell her to. You're about to get something that nobody ever gets... a second chance. For a guy who could be facedown in the I.a. River, you don't seem very cooperative. You were green-lit, Cruz. You understand how lucky you are that beltran gave the hit to a guy who was working undercover for us? If beltran wants me dead, I'm dead. If I talk, it just gives him more incentive to find me. How are you gonna protect me from that? We'll give you a new life. What's that? A townhouse in phoenix? No, thanks. Why don't you give your boss a ring, tell him it looks like we're gonna be here for a while? Well done. You keep stonewalling like this for the next couple of days, I promise you I will deliver beltran to them myself. You walk out of this without a scratch. Beltran will never stop looking for me. It's gonna be a slow go, but Pezuela will talk eventually. How long before he starts talking about my file? Don't worry. I'm headed over to his place right now to get the box. We have to convince beltran that I took out Pezuela. That way I'll have earned my keep. Me becoming the new Pezuela... your bosses aren't gonna get any closer than that. They're content to use David. Sure, maybe David can clue you in on beltran's master plan. What plan? Well, from the little beltran clued me in on this afternoon when I spoke to him, it sounds like he's starting up a money-laundering scheme that would make ivan boesky flinch. But you can get the details from your boy Aceveda. Okay. Let me make another phone call. What's that? This is a police scanner. That way, we can at least have some ears on their movement. Baby, I think we should get out of California. No, not yet. It's gonna take a lot of manpower to check all those empty homes. It should keep them busy until the motorcade hits town. So, all we've got to do is make it through tomorrow, and we'll be in the clear. And I know a place where we can stay in the meantime. I'm guessing it probably doesn't have a pool. You know, there was a minute today when you were playing piano and Jackson was dancing, I actually... I actually forgot about everything that was going on, and I was just... I was just happy. Every day's gonna be like that in Colombia, babe. Yeah. I promise, okay? Now, what's going on with the little man? He's hungry. Well, I'm pretty sure I can fix that. I have some sad news for you. A colleague of yours committed suicide tonight, blew his brains out in his office. You'll be reading about it in tomorrow's paper. And how do the policia know it's a suicide? Because the gun in his hand is gonna match the bullet they find in his brain. An assortment of alcohol and drugs will seal the deal. It means there won't be any investigation. Now, if I'm not mistaken, that means there will be a hole in your organization. Where do I submit an application? Sorry, buddy. La placa. Aquí busca sandy. That's that punk right there. That's him. Hold up there, homes. Whoa, hey, whoa. Fellas, I'm a cop. Not no more. Grab his heat, dawg. Shane, what's going on? It's okay, baby. I got it. Hey, hey, man, hey. Ho, ho, ho, ho. Bitch, get out the car. Man, she's got my kid in there, all right? No, no, no, no, no. Hey, call santi. Tell him we got his guy. Hey, homey, you must have really pissed off your cop buddy. He's paying 10 g's for your head, esé. Hey, look, man, before you make that call, maybe we can do some business ourselves. Unless you got 10 grand, the only business we got is selling your ass. Well, today's your lucky day, 'cause I... I got 20. That's the easiest cash you boys will ever make. It's 10 grand apiece. All you got to do is keep walking. You carry that kind of green? If I do, does that mean we got a deal? You walk away. You leave my wife and my kid. You leave us alone. Sure, let's see it. Mara, get the money. Go ahead, baby. That's all you got in the bag. Come on, man. I thought we were straight. Oh, shit. Homey, there's more than 10 g's... come on, man! We had a goddamn... that's before you were rich, white boy. All right, fine. Fine, you got almost 100 grand in there. That's more than enough to keep walking. Why walk away with 100 when I could walk away with 110? A cop is looking for me. First thing he does when he gets here is flash a badge, and he takes that money. Trust me. Iook, you got two choices. You can take the $98,000 and change that you got right there, or you make that call and you see how much you walk away with then. Just wanted to let you know that Pezuela killed himself tonight. Really? Didn't seem the type. You know, I've been following your career, councilman. You're like a fish swimming through razor blades. I'm impressed. I'm glad you approve. Relájate, man, relax. I'm not like Cruz. I don't like to micromanage. I like to stay focused on the bigger picture. Besides, you're the politician here. You can decide how to run your campaign. Hire who you want, target the areas you want, focus on the issues you want. Just don't lose. I won't. The fruit growers union are going to be announcing their formal support for your campaign. You know those campesinos. They need a place to keep their earnings. And immigrants... we don't... we don't trust American banks. And I have a suggestion which would be beneficial to all of us. But that's for later. Well, great, I look forward to their support and yours. Hello. They came after us again. Who, Vic? We have our 2-year-old son with us. We could have all been killed. What kind of animal did you marry? What happened, Mara? What did Vic do? He put a bounty on our heads with the gangs. I'm sorry. I didn't know. Mackey. Hey, asshole. Shane? As punishment for the shit you tried to pull today, there is a letter on its way to the Barn addressed to Claudette Wyms, a written confession of one of your many sins from the past. And which sin would that be, Shane? I'll let that be a surprise, but you and Ronnie had better get used to being cell mates for the next three to five years, assuming you can't bullshit your way out of it. Either way, it'll keep you two off my ass for the next few days trying to intercept it. This is our ax to grind, Shane. You leave Ronnie out of it. Come on, Vic. We both know you're not shit without your badge. There's no way you could have got that close to me without your little Vic back at the Barn. Now for your contrition, since you caused us to lose all of our cash today, you're gonna replace it... $100,000. And I want it by 5:00 P.M. Tomorrow. I'm gonna need more than a day. I don't give a shit what you need. I can't get it together that fast. You know that. This coming from the guy who masterminded the money train? Please. You'll figure it out. Shane's on the phone with Vic right now, giving him a task to carry out. Please make sure that he does it. I just want this to be over with, Corrine. Me too. Now, Corrine is gonna handle delivering the money to us. I will call her tomorrow with a location at 1:00 P.M. Hey, hey, hey, Corrine's done enough for you already. You stop trying to shield yourself behind my ex-wife. You man up, and you let me come and deliver that cash to you myself. What, so you can get another shot at my pregnant wife and son? No, thank you. I didn't put Mara in the crosshairs, Shane. You did when you decided to involve her in our shit. Corrine delivers the money tomorrow, or my next love letter to Claudette is about the bullet that you put under Terry Crowley's left eye. Let's see how much the cops back at the Barn adore you then. What? We got to figure out a way to put 100 grand in Corrine's hands by tomorrow afternoon. I can't go through this again, Corrine. Just make sure Vic does what we want him to do, or I don't know what we're gonna do. Mara, this is Claudette Wyms. Please don't acknowledge me yet. I want to get you and Shane out of this mess. If you and Shane are willing to talk about Vic Mackey, I'm willing to listen. Mara, I can hear the desperation in your voice. There is still time to turn this around. You've got two options. Come in now, and I'll grant you immunity. I can't promise the same for Shane, but I can guarantee that it will be a better deal than Vic will get. Or you can keep on running until we catch up with you. Then it'll be a whole nother scenario. You'll be giving birth in a state penitentiary. Your baby will be taken from you... Jackson, too. They'll be put in the system. Do you want your children to be in foster care, Mara? Be a mother to your children and do what's right for them. I can't talk right now. I want you to know that all I want from this is Vic Mackey behind bars. That's it. If you are interested in helping me do that, then you find a place where you can talk,</i> and you call me tomorrow morning, 8:00, this line. Okay. I think we got to her. So, how did it go? Corrine's working with the police.