Pezuela in the 10 days I still have a badge. Pezuela is one of the biggest contributors to my campaign. These files turned up at my office. I realized Pezuela was using them to blackmail prominent citizens. The Mexican drug cartel is using Pezuela as a front. This is an I.C.E. Investigation now. Chaffee's making this case a priority. They need someone on the inside, and that only means me. Pezuela's guard's up. That's why I have to give him back the blackmail box. I got a plan that'll give Lem the justice he deserves. Take a look around. Vic and Ronnie tried to kill me tonight. They set me up. They think I'm too stupid to even realize it. Now we have no idea what Shane knows, what he suspects, or what he'll do. I think he broke my goddamn jaw! Two-man snatched her by the hair, bashed her in the face. I knew I wasn't ever gonna see that breezy again. I arrest you for murder, but you can work with me. Work with you how? I need your help getting rid of somebody. That's gonna mean looking somebody in the eye and pulling the trigger, though. You ain't serious. You don't know how goddamn serious I am. I want to play with that. I know, but not right now. Why? 'Cause it's time to go to bed. No, uh, keep him up, okay? But it's late. He's fussy. Good, let's let the whole block know that we're both at home, dealing with a cranky kid. Come on. So, uh, run through this with me. In 30 minutes, I go online. I check the georgia bulldogs score. I keep checking every 10 minutes. I log in, answer your E-mails... you order the pizza at 11:00, and you turn on the shower. Delivery guy comes, and I yell to you for some cash. Make sure he sees this. I know. Go. Okay. Not used to love letters so late at night. What's so urgent? You think I'm wired? We're more involved now. Rules of engagement change. Midnight texts, chaperones, engagement... sounds like we're becoming an item. I need you to put a drug dealer out of business. You came to the best. This is your drug dealer? Father morton is letting gang members deal heroin and cocaine out of his mission for a cut of the profits. He another one of your blackmail-box buddies? What do you want me to do, arrest him? He submits his yearly fiscal report to the diocese next week. I want him to recommend that they close St. Luke's. This church is nearby Pezuela-ville, isn't it? Across the street from our renewal project. Yeah, you can't get a liquor permit if there's a church within 1,000 feet. Iooked like they were gonna close last year, but they didn't. So we need to give them a little push. Force his recommendation for closure by end of day tomorrow. Pezuela wants to close the church to get his liquor permit. How many commandments does that violate? He wasn't his normal suave self. He was kind of tweaked. He had a bodyguard. Things are heating up. You've got federal approval to play along. Rattle the priest, get him to agree. It's the first step in an extortion charge. I'll have to clear the time with Wyms. I already did... told her I needed your gang expertise for a day, and she suggested I take you for the week. The love just keeps coming. About my expertise... my hearing was yesterday. I'm out in eight days. I know. I'm sorry. What I've been doing for I.c.E. Here... I'd like it to be a regular thing. You're forgetting I've read your file. More importantly, so has my boss. Farmington's becoming a cartel hot zone. When word gets out that I've crossed the line and I'm working rogue muscle for Pezuela, it's gonna open a lot of doors. I need a soft landing, you need a pair of eyes on the inside. It's a win-win. Not my call to make, but... I'll pass it up the line. In the meantime, follow through with Pezuela's dirty deed. Hey, uh... you're not actually gonna let Pezuela shut that church down. We'll get to someone in the diocese before that happens. Well, good. I wouldn't want to piss off Jesus on top of everyone else. Cool car. Thanks. So, how long you been bartending? Couple years. But, uh, I go to school days to be a dental hygienist. Really? Good for you. Yeah, Ronnie, what's up? Holy shit. You get a look at the guy? Black guy, but his face was covered. My date took a frag in the arm. All right, man, don't worry. I'm coming. I'm on the way. Sync: Vine Holy shit. Hope he had the wrong address. Glad I moved to the valley. So much safer. You feeling okay? Don't talk to me, shithead. So much for your bamboo-cage fantasy. Claudette called north valley. Barn's handling the case. Jesus. And you're in one piece? What happened to hanoi Hannah? She caught a stray. She'll live. Not sure if I'm gonna get date number two out of it. Date number one was ending up here? I'll explain it to you sometime. We'll have corrections spit out a list of recent parolees, see if one of the names don't jump out at you. I could think of a dozen dickheads who'd try something stupid like this. Porch light bulb was unscrewed. You see or hear anything? Didn't see his face. Black guy, though. Saw his arms. He was riding a motorcycle and had a big gun. That's all I know. .357. That's, like, armor-piercing. Somebody wanted you dead two or three times. There's only a few places in town you can get high-end lead like this. It's a place to start. You okay, Ronnie? Yeah, I'm fine, thanks. Shonda here spotted the motorcycle, got a partial plate. I don't really like to get involved in messy shit, but you helped my cousin out with that thing, so I figured it wouldn't be right, not helping. I appreciate it. What'd you see? The bike was black and red, one of those fast asian models. I got some of the plate number. Thank you very much. Timing's kind of creepy, with all this shit going on with Shane lately. First thing that crossed my mind. We'll find the brother on the other end of the gun, squeeze the truth out of him. Hey, you want to crash at my house? You got a bamboo cage? For Christ's sake. Oh, shit, I got that I.c.E. Thing first thing tomorrow morning. Olivia still got you working a Pezuela angle? Well, since Pezuela squeezed her, Olivia wants to nail that asshole worse than I do. But don't worry. I'll cancel it. No, no, that's gonna screw you with setting up Pezuela. Listen, stick with it. I'll head back to the Barn, start trying to find this shithead myself. I'm not gonna sleep anyway... not without my asian throw pillow. All right. Partial plate provided by our witness. We've narrowed this down to about 400 names. We just found a connection. Maceo padmore. We know padmore better as two-man. Who's two-man? Asshole we banged around the other day, trying to close that farrah thing you stuck us to. Any reason he'd come after you? Got a little physical between us, but nothing more than usual. How the hell did this guy find my place? Any moron with a laptop and half a brain can pay you a visit these days. We should return the favor. You're already detailed to I.c.E. If I hear you flashing a badge anywhere in Farmington today, I'll have you chained to a desk for the rest of your time here. I want all eyes looking for padmore. Any information regarding him or the attempted murder of detective Gardocki, I want reported to detectives Wagenbach and Billings. - You're gonna be on desk duty today. - No. When you're a victim of a crime, it's mandatory. Well, Shane and Julien can hit the streets on your behalf. We got an address on padmore. Okay, notify SWAT. I'll let the Chief know you'll need a warrant a.s.a.p. I would have parked Shane here, too, but I need the manpower. You keep an eye on him. Understood. Hey, I might be on loan-out to I.c.E. Today, but when you find out where this padmore prick is, I will be th... I'll be there in a heartbeat. I know. This is bullshit. Everyone used to fear this team. Now word's hit the street Vic's on the way out. Suddenly, they think it's all right to take a shot at us? Now, we need to remind them who we are, put this asshole's dick in the dirt. We don't need to turn the heat up any higher than it is. This guy almost tried to kill you over a bloody jaw, man. He and everybody else got to know that shit ain't gonna fly. There'll be plenty of time for payback for this dick when we pinch him. Well, if he happens to fall in front of a moving bus, consider it an accident. Let's go talk to his girls for hire, see where he mattresses up. Anything we find, man, we'll let you know. I suppose it's possible... two-man got pissed, - did this on his own. - Possible. I just can't figure out what leverage Shane might have had to make him try it. Neither can I. Iook, maybe we're looking for the devil when he's not really there. Maybe. It doesn't hurt for us to keep our eyes open, though. Iook, uh, this ho... she's a little shy. So let me start off one-on-one. We can go salt-and-pepper on her if her tongue freezes up? - Gotcha. - Okay. Hey, capuchina! Capuchina? I was plucking for my next date. Your eyebrows look fine. I wasn't talking eyebrows. Listen, I need your help finding two-man before he finds you. You said you was gonna keep my name out of it! I held up my end. Iook, it must have been some perp in the cage who saw you come in. All I know is that word is out that he's looking for you. Shit. Just tell me where I can look for him. You try talking to white farrah? She's so spun out on crank, she doesn't know whether to piss standing up or sitting down. Two-man knows I ratted him out. Listen to me. Hey, listen to me. Just listen, okay? Listen to me. The best long-term solution is we pretend like we never even talked and that you never pointed a finger at two-man, even if some other cop ever asks you, okay? - Okay. - Now, where do I find him? He got peoples around the way... - cousin, I think. - Okay, well, cousin's got a name. So, what is it? What is it? Could have been me or you getting shot at last night. Could have beenyourwife made a widow by this guy. This guy, look, he deserves whatever it is we give him. That's not for us to decide. No, it's up to him. But two-man's crazy. He's big, too. He's got firepower, so he's not gonna come easy. Are you ready? I got your back. Okay, this guy almost killed a cop last night, so if he blinks, let's not let him get it right this time. Hey! Hey! It's the police! Open this door! - What's going on?! - Looking for two-man. He's expecting us. You ain't got no right to come into my house! And do what? And look for a guy who almost killed a cop last night? Get out! - What are you doing?! - Shut up! Stop! Let me see your hands! All right, all right, all right! Let me see your hands! Don't move! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Whoa, whoa, buddy! It's not him. That's not two-man. I ain't two-man, man! I ain't two-man. Come on, man, chill! Where's your cousin? What? I don't know. Why are you sneaking out the window, huh? You got a message to deliver? No, man. Two-man... he was here for a minute, but he took his stuff and left, man. I'm serious. I don't know nothing. - How long ago? - About an hour, man. Father morton! Detective Mackey. I need to have a little conversation with you about some of your altar boys. They come here for a hot meal and a place to sleep. What they do on the street is out of my hands. Out of your hands and into your pocket, right? I know you've been letting the E-park johnnies deal out of your mission. And I also know you're taking a cut. No squad car and uniforms? What's your play, detective? My play, padre, is to get you to change your mission mission. Your review with the pope wannabes is next week. You're gonna recommend that they shut down St. Luke's. Why would I do that? Photographs of you and damon leeks, the head of the johnnies, breaking bread, bank statements showing deposits into your unauthorized bank account. This goes into the shredder as soon as you help close this place down. I can't do that. Hey, are you not hearing me? You're gonna lose that collar, and I'm gonna gain one. You're gonna do time for this shit. Well, you're gonna have to arrest me, because I can't close the doors here. Damon leeks! Shit. Heard they retired your cracker ass. Ah, too young and pretty to retire. I made them shit-can me, which means I only got another eight days to shit-can maggots like you. Oh, brother's all about his thick. Better go easy on that juice, d. Your brains turn into hot sauce, shrinks the balls to raisins. Ohh... sorry, I'm too late. My brain's fine-tuned, and them balls are the size of cat heads. Seen your crew around St. Luke's. I know you're supplying the transient crowd with "h" and blow. Just helping the destitute, serving up holy gruel and shit. Yeah, right. I need to know how the priest figures into all this. He taking a cut of the sales, or are you just paying him rent? He's our spiritual counselor, man. And I'm the counselor who's about to crush your heroin-selling summer camp. Got nothing to crush. Y'all got no evidence. Ain't gonna put no homeless junkie on the stand. And the priest... he bound by oath to keep his mouth shut. Since when are you a catholic? Yo, since Jesus h. Christ. I've seen the preliminary results from your exploratory committee... very favorable. Your years as a police captain give people a lot of confidence in your ability to lead. Research is young, but indicators are promising. District attorney lima has also launched an exploratory committee. Yes, I know. Anita is very aggressive. She's convinced she's going to be I.a.'s first woman mayor. Why don't you just say what you want to say? You're a man of vision. I believeyouwill be the city's next mayor. I appreciate the vote of confidence. But you're green. You lack influential support. You'll need to surround yourself with people who can shape that vision. I want to be one of those people. Well, thanks for the offer. I'll take it under consideration. I have the influence and power to make you the next mayor of the city. So, are you guaranteeingme a win? Yes. I have leverage you couldn't even begin to understand. Working with me is not a decision that requires any thought. It's a one-time offer. Forgive me, father, but you have sinned, and I need a goddamn confession. I am in the middle of service. Get out! But I got this question gnawing at my soul... why would a priest protect drug dealers? So I went and visited the little douche bags, and they're all cocky as hell, secure in the knowledge that their humble priest won't rat 'em out. And I think, "wow. "Whatever it is these bangers have on the father is much worse than what I've laid at your feet." Now, what would be worse than a priest losing his collar and going to jail? And it hits me... a priest going to jail for molesting boys. Get the hell out of my church. - What, no absolution? - Come on, come on. Move it. Listen. Just because some sick perverts decide to live out their fantasies through the collar doesn't mean that every priest is a gay pedophile. Then what do the johnnies have on you, sir? I'm not a quitter, padre. Two years ago, I had an affair. One of my parishioners... keisha leeks. She had a child. Holy shit. Damon's sister? And now he's threatening to out you? Already disgraced my vows. Damon is a psychopath. He's threatening to kill keisha and Adam if I don't cooperate. Those bank deposits are for keisha and the baby. I would never take a dime of his drug money. What do you know about damon's operation? Keisha lives with her grandfather. She says damon uses the old man's place to cut and bag his dope. You let me take care of damon. What if I can get keisha and your kid into a shelter somewhere? I already tried that. The urban-renewal project that's taking over the hood closed down the last two shelters in the area. Nah. You're doing whatever you can to take care of your blood. I get it. You leave the good deed for the day up to me. Good news! Squad car picked up two-man on kenmore. How'd they find him? Oh, it's easy to spot a moving violation when the horsepower's between their legs. Watched this asshole run through a stop sign. Nearly clipped a city bus, then he gave us a fake name. Lucky he's got a memorable mug, even in black and white. Shot and tried to kill one of my detectives last night. I surely did not. I'm glad you're around to vouch for my character, though. Jaw's feeling better. Hey! You, uh, you got the guy? Citywide apb. Rookie comes through with the big bust. Is he, uh... is he talking yet? No, Dutch and Billings will have first crack. Let's start with the tussle at the projects. If he admits to a beef with Ronnie, that's the open door we need. Let's go. Good. Hey, Steve, hold on. Just because I'm out on the street all the time doesn't mean I haven't heard about your little lawsuit. Now, I don't want your half-assed brand of policework you been phoning in around here lately anywhere near a hit on one of my strike team members. It's not gonna happen here. The guy shot at a cop. Cuffs are never coming off. We'll get him. Maceo padmore... I'm detective Wagenbach, this is detective Billings. We're gonna want to talk to you about an attempted shooting last night. Heard you had a run-in with detective Gardocki the other day. Yeah, his fist ran into my jaw. Is that why you wanted to kill him? I ain't tried to kill nobody. Well, then, your motorcycle did, because a witness saw it fleeing from the scene of the shooting last night. This faggot-ass cop laid his hands onme. Y'all need to arrest his damn ass. Great. Only 20 seconds in, already, we've got motive. That ain't no motive. I'm Christian. I turn the other cheek. He could turn both cheeks. He'd still be talking out of his ass. Lucky for Gardocki, you can't hit a guy standing 10 feet away with a clear shot. That wasn't me, so I guess we'll never know. Assuming it wasn't, where were you last night around 11:00? Passed out on my bed. Anybody see you? Not that I can think of, unless the dude that jacked my bike for that joyride was peeking in my window. Iook, this is just getting started. I'm gonna go check on my other thing. Yeah, I'll keep you informed. Your neighbors know where you at every night? They probably know he's not out trying to kill a cop. They did hear your motorcycle leave at 10:30 and return sometime after 1:00. Nice of whoever stole it to bring it back when they were done. Be nicer if the dude had filled the tank. The only chance you have of getting a better deal is to confess now. Y'all don't think I know y'all are fronting, trying to run a game on a nigga? From where I sit, you're about to lose big-time. We're gonna let him stew for a while. Because we got plenty of nothing? And he knows it. There's no use going back in there until we can change that. Anything on the gun? We got unis at his apartment and going over the route he would have taken to get home. It's good we know the way, 'cause if we don't find that gun, we may as well give him a ride home. What about the cousin's house? Shane and I... we checked it out earlier. Two-man had been there. Well, you better take another look. Well, what are waiting for? A search warrant. Make a call. I'm pretty sure I can talk the cousin into letting us in without a warrant. It would save us some time. - Great, we'll send some unis. - I think just me and Julien. Too many bodies, it would look like an occupation instead of a friendly request. Okay, get over there. Hey... - give me a minute first? - All right. I'll meet you outside. Hey. Where'd you hide the gun? You getting me out of here? Where did you hide the gun? Look, man, I've got to get to it before anybody else here does. Or maybe you want to put me away with it. Iook, I am trying to save you, dumb-ass. Without that gun, they don't have shit on you. But I have to get to it first. They're on their way to your cousin's house right now. If the gun is there, they are going to find it. - Are you registering that? - You think I trust you? You wanted me to kill your own cop buddy, rember that? Which means we're in this goddamn thing together. Right now, please tell me where the gun is. There's a grate in the backyard... some kind of sewer thing. It's in there, underneath. Why is the camera off? I didn't think you'd want a defense attorney hearing the names I was just calling this asshole. I stay undercover for you guys, keep gaining Pezuela's trust, and I.c.E. Gets a front-row seat to the Mexican cartel show. As much as your tainted reputation may help you on the street, it concerns the higher-ups. It's not gonna be an easy sell, making this a full-time gig. Come on, you guys make deals with freeway Rick, Antwon Mitchell. Here's a chance to put one of the good guys back on the street, get something done. Yeah? Send him in. It seems you're not the only one that Pezuela is trying to employ. Pezuela say anything else, indicate why he played the mayor card this early? I didn't get to ask questions. As soon as I showed any reluctance, he turned his offer into an ultimatum, demanded a reply by tonight. Why is montalban crawling out of his fine corinthian skin? We're not at liberty to discuss it. Hey, I'm the one on the firing line. Anything coming at Pezuela is gonna be pointed right at my dome, too. If it's any consolation, you won't be alone. You need to take him up on his offer, accept his support for mayor. I gave you that box to distance myself from this guy. I've washed my hands. Are you sure those hands are clean, councilman? 'Cause I can start pulling the threads on your "the box showed up on my doorstep" story. I risked everything I've worked for bringing that box to you, asshole. Hey, we're all on the same side here. Let's talk about what needs to get done. Pezuela's spooked. We need to keep him in I.a. Securing you as his mayor-in-pocket will do that. So will getting the liquor permits for his renewal project. Both of you have to get in bed with him. Jesus Christ. Pezuela's being evaluated. Cartel. Someone's here. That's why he's with the entourage, isn't it? He's scared. He's being watched. He knows it... making some bold moves to secure the confidence of his backers in Mexico. Our one and only goal is to tie Pezuela to the cartel. And what happens when this blows up and my name gets tied to Pezuela and the cartel? "Former cop goes undercover to catch a cartel player trying to buy a mayor." Smells like victory. If my opponent gets ahold of this, it's gonna smell like something else. Olivia will be your point person from now on. She'll contactyou. Be careful, gentlemen. Hey, don't worry. If Pezuela wants you taken out, I'll be the one he hires to do it. Order to keep Pezuela in play came down from the department of defense... means the cartel evaluator is most likely Mexican military. D.c. Wants us to track this new guy, see who and what he plugs into. If you really want to make yourself an asset to us, find a way to align yourself with this military cat. I'll see what I can do. Hey, uh... you handled yourself really well back there. I'm glad you're the one who's got my back. I made some calls, got keisha and Adam leeks into the el segundo family shelter. That's great. I'll go let her know. Iook, your cousin's at the police station being grilled for attempted murder. Evidence could be here. We need to do a search. We got nothing to do with this. Iook, you can either let us take a look around right now, or 20 cops show up in an hour and they wreck this place. It's up to you. You take the front two rooms, I'll take the back. You got it. Shane and Julien came up empty at the cousin's. How far does an obscured witness and a partial plate get us? You willing to roll to a jury with that if he'd been trying to fill your ass with lead? Anywhere on known associates? Other than bombay, who's dead, there's no one. Maybe it's time to switch up teams here. Hey, we're doing the best we can with what we've got to work with. And the final result's looking to be this asshole walking with nothing but a few hunger pangs. You want to help? Get out there, drum up some evidence. I searched my ass off for the gun. The guy's smart enough to hide it someplace where we're not going to find it. And we're not putting this guy away without that gun or a confession. So, if you've pushed all the buttons you can, then let's get a little new blood up there. Who? You? Me and Julien. Well, we're not through. He doesn't know we don't have the gun. Risky lie. Iook, man, he catches you in that fib, he hardens, you got no place left to squeeze. We started this. Can we finish it? One last shot. Let's go. Hey, guess what. We found the gun you used to shoot at detective Gardocki. Yeah? Where? That's funny. Innocent man says, "there is no gun to find." Guilty man asks, "where?" So, earlier today, you gave us motive. No verifiable alibi equals opportunity. Gun gives us means. Means, motive, and opportunity... the holy trinity of incarceration. The only question is whether this gets written up as attempted first-degree or second-degree murder. Difference of doing 6 years, reducible with good behavior, or doing a mandatory 20. There ain't no gun to find. Now, if you found a gun, show it to me, and I'll tell you why that gat and any other shit you found ain't mine. How are we looking? If Wagenbach and Billings do any more jerking off, it's gonna be a goddamn bukkake party in there. Let me and Vic have a run at this guy. Where are we at with him? They told him we found the gun. And we don't have it, so he's feeling his oats. Iook, it's time to put the first string in before this game is lost, coach. - Okay. - Okay, come on. Wait a second. I got a better idea. This guy's shot is knocking around hookers. He's already pissed off a bunch of them, right? Instead of producing the real gun we don't have, why don't we produce the fake witnesses we do? Do the right thing. Save the taxpayers a lot of money on an unnecessary trial. I didn't do it. Just give us one person who can establish your whereabouts at the time of the shooting. Why don't you give me one person who says iwasthere? Detective Wagenbach. I hear we don't have shit on this prick. So, here's what we're gonna do. I, uh, can't really see what's going on down there. So, I want you to smile at me like we got this bastard hung to the cross and thank me like you really mean it. I appreciate it. Detective Mackey turned up two witnesses claim you told them yesterday you were gonna kill the cop who roughed you up. That's some bullshit. Who said that? Uh, couple of pros you use as punching bags, farrah and capuchina? They're giving statements right now. I didn't say nothing to them bitches! Y'all cops getting them to snitch over the beat downs they earn. So, now we got you on a couple assaults. We got the gun... we got the two witnesses who say he planned the shooting, we got the witness who saw the motorcycle at the crime scene. I think we're done here. Now, there it is. There's the worm. Take it. Come on, it's right in front of you, shithead. Take it! What if you get forced to do something... that you didn't really want to do? I mean, that's not a crime, right? Not necessarily. It depends. What are we talking about, exactly? Be right back. That ho Amber that got herself killed the other day. What about her? He was gonna put my name on that killing I don't do what he say. He needed a cop murked. Who wanted him dead? I ain't gonna get in no trouble over this, right? I had no choice. Who are we talking about? Who made you do it? That cop in there. What cop? Dixie boy. He gave me the.357, told me the address, told me his partner's shift ended at 11:00, told me what kind of car he was gonna be driving up in, told me where to hide so I wouldn't be seen, told me, "two shots to bring him down, two shots to the head to be sure." Hey, Shane! I'm in charge of softball sign-up. You in this year? Uh, sure. You want to play center field? Yeah, okay. 'Cause we lost Asher at shortstop. Wherever. It's gonna be $75 this year instead of the usual $50. Shane Vendrell... hired you to kill Gardocki? I didn't get hired to do shit. I got thrown on a slave ship and given a gun for an oar. Wasn't no money in it. He was in here earlier. Mackey! Julien! Where's Vendrell?! Get down! What number do you want 'cause I'm having them stitched on. Uh, you pick. You can have anything but 23, 17, and 35. Just pick the goddamn number and shove it up your ass! Okay. Mackey! What's going on? We're looking for Shane! He just left. Who put a cactus up his ass? Corrine? Hi. You left Jackson in the car. I need you to listen very carefully. - Why? - Just... listen. Vic murdered Terry Crowley. Shane was there. He saw it. And later, Vic and the strike team robbed the Armenian mob of over $2 million. What? That's why there was an Armenian hit man in your house, hunting down you and your kids. Shane shot him and saved you. And two nights ago, Vic and Ronnie tried to kill Shane and the armenians that were a threat to you. The armenians got killed, but Shane didn't. So, last night, he retaliated out of self-defense. - You're crazy. - No. Someone is finally telling you the truth. Well, I'm not listening. No, just shut up and pay attention! There is a lot of shit going down at the Barn right now. Shane and I are getting out of town. You are gonna pass two messages on to Vic and Ronnie. The first is a reminder that they started this when they tried to kill Shane. The second is that they are gonna do everything in their power to prevent any and all authorities from finding us, because if we get caught, Shane is gonna testify to so much strike team shit that the two of them will be put away for 10 natural lifetimes. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Yes. You are gonna be by your phone every day at 1:00 in the afternoon and 10:00 at night. I am gonna call from wherever we are and check in. Vic needs to give you information on what the cops know about us and where they think we're going. You tell him all of this... everything, exactly what I said. Must have given you some reason why he wanted you to kill Gardocki. Nah, the man was all about the whens, wheres, and hows. "Why" never crossed his lips. Peters just checked in. Shane's house is empty. It looked like a quick pack job. Whole family is on the move. Why? It's clear Mara is an accomplice. No, why did this man try and kill you? No clue. Ask Shane. I will when I catch up with him. And both of you are not to leave this building! I've got questions! I expect answers! I got love for all people, even hoes. I wouldn't hurt a fly. You know, you did shoot that spinner. She all right? Gonna be left-handed for the next six months. Iook, I'm sorry she got hit up. But that cop gave me no choice, squeezed me over a bullshit murder charge, then tried to get me to caphisdude. You're all about bringing force down on the street. Why don't y'all take a look at what you got going on under your own roof? - Holy shit. - That's right, "holy shit." Okay, okay, we need your help. My help? Well, do it for whatever reason you need... for the kids, for Ronnie, the time we've spent... but help us now, please. If you tell me the truth and I believe you, I will help you. Did you really do all those things? I did a lot of things that I shouldn't have done, for reasons that made sense at the time, but they're pretty hard to defend right now. What do you want me to say, that I'm different? I don't want to go to prison. Do you want me to go to prison? Do either of you even feel any shame? I don't think about it. Well, that's honest. Sad thing is, I've known... maybe not the specifics, the details... but I've known, and I have let you infect me and our children. I'll help you this one last time... and then the kids and I are out of your life! That is my price. And you have to pay some kind of price! First call from Mara's at 1:00 in the afternoon. You let me know what you want me to tell her. Okay, we go in cold. Watch for my signal. Yeah, what do you want? Drop-off for damon. - Are you keisha? - Mm-hmm. Father morton sent me. We're gonna get you and your kid out of here safe. - For real? - Promise. You know who's inside? My gramps and my boy are watching TV. Damon's in the back bedroom. Got three of his boys with him. Good girl. Get her out of here. It's all gonna be all right. Hey! You! That's all right. Where you're going, all you're gonna need is lips. Here's my kids' tuition. Pezuela gave me an extra 5 grand for the fast work. The Mackey I read about in your file would have pocketed that cash. I'm not the bastard my bosses tried to make me out to be while I was logging more high-profile collars than anyone else in this city. And I want the job. I think you got chaffee half-convinced. Bring Pezuela home, and I think we'll get all the way there... with a push from me. Olivia... thanks for doing the right thing by me. Wouldn't want to piss off Jesus. If Shane was gonna retaliate against both of us, why only come after me? And why trust it to someone like two-man? He needed to give himself an alibi. Or he need someone to kill you 'cause he was waiting to kill me. When I got your call, I didn't even get inside my door. Even with our help, how long can they hide?