Aceveda's one-man campaign bankroll? He's buying up Farmington with cartel money. Blackmail... that's how Pezuela's getting everyone on board the train to cartel town. Pezuela's got it in his head that the armenians have the blackmail box. We need a quick Armenian political win. City controller... Robert Martin. He's in the blackmail box? Robert! Oh, my God! That was a goddamn assassination! I want Pezuela in prison and out of my life now. Agent Murray's looking to take down the cartel. She's in the blackmail box? I'm turning over the box to justice. What about Olivia? If she's got to get dragged down to bust Pezuela, so be it. Shane? You dropped a grenade in his lap, and what did you do? Did you run? I got a plan that will give Lem the justice he deserves. This is taking too long. Take a look around. I'm gonna pull Shane out of there, man. - It's not too late. - We still have a choice. Do you think that Shane gave Lem a choice? I'm not Shane. Where the hell did you get those Mexicans? Man, I almost got my dick shot off. I tried to call you. Yeah, Rezian took my cellphone. Where you been? Vic and Ronnie tried to kill me tonight. You know, the worst part is, is they think I'm too stupid to even realize it. Www.1000fr.com presents this may take a few days. What about today? Today I watch my back. Vic didn't get another crack at me. Just be careful, okay? Always. Come here. I love you. So much. We'll always be together. All of us. Bye-bye, buddy. I love you. Talk to you later. Okay. Bye. Vic. I wanted to talk to you outside of the job. I didn't feel good about the tone of our last conversation, especially on my end. I appreciate the apology, but if you're interested in doing the right thing, you'll relinquish your rights to Lee. Can I come in so we can talk this over? No, he's about to wake up. - I've got to feed him. - I'll make it quick. This is for him. It's one of those things you hang over the crib. It's supposed to be good for the hand-eye thing. Thanks. Iook, Danny, I don't want us to be at odds over our boy. Then sign the quitclaim form. Well, you hit me up with your paperwork, and I'm just here to give you a heads-up I'm about to hit you up with mine. Court-ordered DNA test. I'm pursuing my legal remedies. Jesus Christ. You want to have a kid so bad? I know a lot of women who'd like to get knocked up. I've got things to do. We can slug it out in court, spend a lot of time and money we don't have, or we can work together on a plan. Vic, don't you dare turn this into something ugly. I'm just trying to figure out a way that we can make an arrangement that we could both live with that acknowledges my rights and my responsibilities as the father. That's it. All right. Iook, I can pull the court order at any time between now and the end of business tomorrow. You let me know how you want to handle it. Director chaffee, when these files turned up in my office, I realized that Cruz Pezuela was using them to blackmail prominent citizens. Any idea why this anonymously landed on your doorstep? I wouldn't want to speculate. Well, my guess is whoever was sitting on this got nervous after the Martin killing, realized his file was in there, which could implicate him in a murder, wanted to dump the hot potato. Mr. Pezuela is one of the biggest contributors to my campaign, but that doesn't buy him any rhythm. If anything, it obliges me to bend over backwards to see that he is brought to justice. Rhd has been running the Martin case. As lead detective, I'd be open to some sort of joint investigation here. Take a look at this. Armando rios, veteran lieutenant in the Mexican drug cartel. We believe the cartel is using Pezuela as a front for their California operation. What are we looking at here, detective? I met with rios. I tried to develop him as an intel asset. I was trying to prove your hunch... connecting him to Pezuela. When I realized that Martin's file was in there, my first impulse was to go to detective Mackey, figuring it could be evidence in a homicide. So, in point of fact, you didn't come to I.c.E. First with these files. Vic and I thought it could be managed at a local level. But after the Armenian bloodbath, we both realized that this was more than Farmington division - was equipped to handle. - Right. You knew this was an rhd investigation. You were instructed to stand down. I was already hip deep. I wanted to put the pieces together and bring you a package with a bow on it. Well, it's pretty clear detective Mackey disobeyed a direct order by meddling, which we'll deal with on our end. That said, if you'd like to embed a couple of your agents with my team... this agency will take it from here. Sir... sir, my people are down the line. - They're ready to go. - This in an I.c.E. Investigation now. Hey, you just cost me a high-profile case, you little prick. I'll try to live with the disappointment. Thank you. Well, Vic, it looks like Pezuela's blackmail box is finally someone else's headache. I thought you wanted to take down that menudo shitter so you could get credit for cleaning up Farmington. Oh, I intend to. Plus, kissing I.c.E. Into this should win me some friends at a federal level. Pezuela's gonna grind up half of I.a. Before these dipshits come up with a code name for their operation. But I guess as long as thetimes gets a photo of you in an I.c.E. Windbreaker, that's all that really matters, right? You know, I just handed you an alibi in there while you were on surveillance jawboning with one of Pezuela's thugs. What about Olivia? Her file's in there. By giving it back, you might as well have pushed her in front of a freight train. Yeah, well, I took out Olivia's file. You gave it back to her? No. But I got it out of a bad situation. Bet she can't wait until that Bill comes due. How'd it go? Another Mexican donkey show, and Aceveda had me playing the reluctant virgin. - Seen Shane this morning? - Not yet. We're gonna talk about finishing what we started? Bad enough I called an audible trying to pull Shane out of there, and you didn't back my play. Because you were right the first time. Yeah, and now we have no idea what Shane knows, what he suspects, or what he'll do. On a good day, this prick's a wild card. I've known Shane from way back before the strike team. He wasn't always like this. So? I played a big part in where he is right now. I got to own that. That's why you got to put him down. I got a daughter traipsing around in a French maid's outfit in front of boys popping "X." Is that the way you'd advise me to deal with her, too, huh? I'm gonna work with her, try to get her going straight again. And maybe that's what I have to do to Shane. I'll fix him, too. I wish that you could hear your goddamn rationalizations. Vic, you need to be downtown in an hour for your review board hearing. That's not... that's not for another two weeks. Schedule's moved. You're up. Pba rep will meet you there. Termination without pension, effective 10 days from now. Jesus. What happened? I didn't have Pezuela's box to hand them to offset my shaky jacket. That bastard, kouf, he's the one who sealed the deal. Said I cost him the Martin investigation. Didn't follow orders. Taking down the public face of the Mexican cartel got you canned? Apparently, the brass thinks this asshole shits spumoni. You're gonna fight this, right? - Detective Mackey, - Jesus, Vic. We're not done. In spite of this ruling, the final determination's up to the Chief. Go to your captain, get her to put in a good word. I see you're a married man. Is your wife pretty? Beautiful. You mind if I take her to Vegas for a dirty weekend, ride her ass hard and put her away wet? What? Now, that's about the level of cooperation I can expect from my captain on anything. Sync: Vine Hey, what's this buzz I'm hearing about them taking your badge? Done deal. 10 days. Holy Christ, man. What are you gonna do? You doing okay after that close call? Yeah, it was a long, dark night to think about what almost happened. Just makes you want to hug your kid and not let go. You're telling me. Yeah, thank God I'm blessed with a wife - who loves me to death. - That's right. So, you want to track down those mexis that put me in the middle of that shooting gallery? Damn straight. Let's find out what bullshit we're facing here first. What are we looking at? Ag assault, working girl, sketchy vitals. Why'd you dime us? Strike team has no stake in a half-dead blow girl. A co-worker found her, said she knows you. What is it with you and whores? I was trying to keep them from tempting you. We might as well start getting the cameras going. Don't work up a sweat. I'll be quick. Where's the chickenhead? This pretty lady waiting right there. Hey, baby. You're upset. Vic. It's me. Farrah. Holy Jesus Christ. You've got to get the guy who did this. It was bombay, our pimp. A hooker scoring a beat down is below my pay grade. A friend of yours is even lower. Am and I were getting clean for each other. That's why bombay did this. He'll be coming for me next. You had your chance. I gave you a bus ticket out of the life. Instead of doing the smart thing, you played me. - Why are you mad at me, Vic? - I don't give a rat's ass about you, lady! Did bad shit go down between us? I don't... I don't rember. You don't remember whose cock you gagged on this morning, either. I'm not like that anymore. Amber and me had two weeks without using. We're going to meetings and everything. Hey, Vic, the emts just pronounced her. She... she's dead? Oh, my God. Oh, my... you've got to catch the guy who did this. Please, Vic. Please, Vic. Get this skank on record and get her out of here. I thought you were gonna help me. I accidently touched you, and I haven't had a tetanus shot in a while. My girl gets murdered and you don't give a shit? - Don't care I'm next? - By me, that's euthanasia. Vic. I've already been down the road with this slut. Her mouth is only good for two things, and one of them's lying through her teeth. I need help, Vic! Have a seat. When was the last time you saw Amber? Yesterday. She works nights. The manager at the liquor spot lets her clean up in the back sink on the way home from the stroll. Usually gets to the car about the time the sun comes up. When she didn't show, I knew something was bad. You told Vic you know who did it. Damn straight. Our pimp, bombay. How do you know it was him? 'Cause he said he was gonna. Bombay turns you out, puts you on the track, you don't leave. Where's bombay get his drugs? Manufactures them. Crystal's the main gig. Running bitches is just a hobby. Said it's like owning race horses. I trusted you. Now I find you had Pezuela's box the whole time. Yeah, I had the box, and you were in it. I had to make sure I could trust you. And I lost the box to Aceveda, and he flipped it over to your boss against my objections. Know a good trial attorney? Aceveda pulled your file before he turned it over. Why? One side of his mouth, he would call it a good deed. The other would call it leverage over you for favors to be named later. So I've traded one blackmailer for another? You're been granted a reprieve. That's all that matters right now. My here and now is how to bring down Pezuela in the 10 days I still have a badge because there's no way in hell the geniuses in your agency are up for the job. Chaffee's making this case a priority. Whatever that means. Rios has disappeared. Pezuela's insulated. He knows there's heat. You need someone on the inside, and that only means me. Chaffee will never go for it. Far as he's concerned, local cops are either incompetent or dirty. Really? What's his plan, then? He's gonna raid Pezuela's construction site today. Iooking for what? Surveillance has rios going into that job site two days ago. He was never witnessed coming out. We find a body, chaffee goes after Pezuela on conspiracy homicide. You're not gonna find a body. Trust me. And the only thing this raid is gonna do is send Pezuela scurrying for his bunker. You have to stop it. I could tip Pezuela off, keep alive the fiction he's still got a hook in me. I got a way we can both curry some favor. By the end of business, the feds are gonna be crawling all over this place. Where did you get the information? I got a real deep throat in d.c., tipped me the local office is waiting on approval to move forward. A local cop with federal reach. Well, when you're a grower not a shower, it helps to have a deep throat with no gag reflex. And if your information should have some merit? Then we should start talking about a promotion and a raise. I had another thought. This week's pay and severance. You haven't found my missing box, and in 10 days, you won't have a badge. You're no use to me. Hey, I handed you the armenians on a platter, and I'm telling you the feds are about to show up here, pry your mouth open, and take a big, long piss. What have you done for me lately? Listen, here, I have kids. I'm about to lose my job. L- I'm scrambling. Our business is done. I was in my room getting ready for work when someone tried to break in. I heard the glass, got scared, and went for my gun. Did you get a look at the intruder before you fired? Not really. I yelled, "I have a gun." I was just trying to scare him, but I think I might have shot him. So you probably couldn't identify him if you saw him again. You live here alone? Yeah. This area was supposed to be on the way up. I was gonna flip the house like on those infomercials. Do me a favor and finish up. Why? Claudette's house is five doors down. I want to go over and check it out. Thanks. All right, no problem. That's what partners are for, right? This is Claudette. Leave a message. Hey, Claudette, are you there? Pick up. I, uh, see your car here. I'm, uh, I'm walking up your front steps. Pick up. Hello? Hello? Hello? That's me knocking. Oh, shit. Claudette?! Claudette?! Hello?! Claudette?! Claudette?! Whatever dance you and Vic got going on, I don't want to be a part of it. Vic is taking me to court to prove that he's my son's father. I don't want him in our lives. Period. I don't even want child support, okay? And on a cop's salary? I can't imagine you want him paying money that should be going to you and your kids. What exactlydoyou want? I want sole custody and no visitation rights. But the thing is, to get that, I have to make a case to the judge that he's an unfit parent. Well, Vic may be a lot of things, but he cares about his kids. Yeah, well, when Cassidy came to my house the other day, she had a different take on it. Okay, sorry. It's not my business, all right. It's why I called you to come get her, but leeismy business. Come on, you know this guy better than anybody, and with Vic, it's all about him all the time. What good does it do my kids to drag their father's dirty laundry into a courtroom? Just tell your side of things to the judge, okay? The records are gonna be sealed. They never even have to know. Corrine, don't even think about it as a favor to me. Think about it as a long-term business decision in the best interest of your kids. Hey. Crime scene's this house, not mine. All this excitement right down the block from you. L- I saw your car in the driveway. Alternator trouble. Black and white gave me a lift to work this morning, and then the neighbors starting calling, which is why I want you to clear this pronto. Okay. See you back at the Barn. Vinnie's found blood around the side of the house. Iooks like Annie oakley winged the guy. Let's get a sample. Tried to get a reading on Shane. Iooks like he might be all right. As long as he's alive, we're not all right. What about saving your badge? Any ideas? A squeaking noise like that, you probably want to check your fan belt. I hear you'll be moving on. You still got me for another week and a half. I'll make a deal with you. You clean out your locker and leave today and I'll go personally to the Chief and get a piece of your pension restored. I, uh, still got a few loose ends to tie up. I'll stick around, thanks. In that case, I want your people deployed on this working-girl murder. You want the strike team on pimp patrol? In addition to murder, this guy also manufactures and moves meth in quantity, which if memory serves, is one of the hot spots you people are supposed to be on top of. Bombay's government name is marcel letourneau. Ran his priors, no address. The girl didn't have a twenty on him. Get ready for a long, lazy afternoon on the stroll, turning down free bjs while we look for this idiot. Who said anything about turning them down? Count me in. Farrah did have info on one of bombay's new earners. Calls herself capuchina. She probably stole farrah's crown as bottom bitch. Why wouldn't she rat her out? Anything else? Pretty much it. Waiting on forensics. Shane and I will meet and greet with capuchina. You guys hang tight. Stay on the lab rats. Let's do it. I'll catch up with you outside. Come over here. What's going on? Danny came to see me. What did she want? First, why don't you tell me why you want joint custody? You don't have to worry about any of that. Tell me... I'll stop worrying. Why do you want shared custody? Because I have shared responsibility. That's bullshit, Vic. You've had 14 years to be the most important part of Cassidy's life. Never once has she been your top priority. Given where she is in her life right now, I'd do things differently. I don't want to make the same mistake with Lee. This baby gives you a do-over? How can I be an example to our three kids, look them in the eye, if I just walk away from this other child? I mean, they know about him, for Christ's sake. How can I prove to Cassidy that I love her if I won't even fight for my son? Now, goddamn it, what did Danny want? You out of the picture. She wants me to help her to make a case that you're not fit to even see this kid. Are you signing on? I know why you think you want this, but you need to ask yourself if you're just putting up a fight just because you're a fighter or if this is what's best for this kid. - You don't... - and before you answer, just sit with the question. What's up? Shit can jump off with these 187 cats, man. Detective, do you smell the sickly sweet odor ofcannabis sativa? - Yes, indeed I do. - Yep. Sit down. Bag of skunk, drug paraphernalia, undisclosed earnings. Possession of a concealed weapon. Jesus Christ. I keep that around for protection. One of my regulars likes me to use it on his nuts. Who could blame him? What do you boys want? We want to find bombay. That Gray bitch turned you on to me, didn't she? What do you know about farrah? Bitch couldn't handle her business. Chose the white smoke over her black pimp. Bitch is paying the price now. Word on the street is bombay murdered her squeeze. Shit, white farrah ain't right in the mind... why she got kicked to the curb. I'm down for mine. Got vision. Run bitches on my own one day, be an entrepreneur. Well, you help us find bombay, and we'll sponsor you for the rotary club. Baby, I don't do anal. What about bondage? Now you can add obstructing a police investigation to the list. I swear that nigga only come around here to hit my shit and hold his paper. - Stop fighting me. - Two-man will know where he's at! - Who's two-man? - His boy... - collects his dope money. - Where do we find him? - I don't know. - What's he look like? Big, ugly, black as a flat tire. Puts a hurt on folks who can't pay. Man, talk to farrah. She'll know where two-man's at. Word, if I knew anything else, I'd tell y'all 'cause I don't love county. Two-man collects in the jungles every mother's day... when the county checks come in. That's his car. Ronnie, suspect vehicle's on your left. Pull over where you can. Got it. So how come you didn't turn us on to this guy when we interviewed you back at the Barn? I don't know. I didn't think of it. Wasn't sure if he's still working for bombay. Now, we are gonna sit here until this guy shows up, and you're gonna point him out to us. - When are we gonna... - until then, we're gonna keep talking to a minimum. There's been a 15% increase in b and E's the last three months in Claudette's neighborhood, mostly electronics and jewelry. A couple private security companies working that area now. Figured they're worth a conversation. Rent-a-cops? More like rent an ex-cop. Prp protection is owned by guys who used to be on the job. We should call over. Maybe one of their patrols saw something. Way ahead of you, Dutch man. As a matter of fact, this must be my guy. Lester, thanks for coming in. Are you kidding me? Happy to help. Say hi to Dutch Wagenbach. - Hey. - Hey. So, ex-cops running a security company. It's genius. I think I see my future. I recognized an opportunity... no-brainer, really. I got a business bone myself. What are you into? Most recently vending machines, not the cheap stuff... high-end, gourmet food and beverages. Good money there? Oh. It's not bad. So, what can I do for you guys? Uh, recent increase in b and E's in your service area... what do you make of it? Gentrification. You got white people moving in 'cause the real estate's cheaper, and they bring better gear to steal. For the blacks and Mexicans, it's a crowbar Christmas. Company logs and files for the past three months. It's a general who's who and what's what of crimes that we responded to in the area. I'd take a look at a couple of troublemakers in particular. Elliott gallardo... he's a recently paroled crackhead, lives in the area. The other guys's called paolo. He owns the luxury pawn shop down on sixth. Got an interesting way of compensating for his low inventory. You gonna break this whole thing on your own? Here's a new one. White shirt coming out the gate. That's him right there. It's two-man. Stay in the car. Try to keep your clothes on. Stop! Police! Look out! The court! Cut him off! Shane, wake up, brother! Up and at 'em! Yo, watch out, man. Take it easy! Take it easy! Hey! Shut your hole. Don't move. We're looking for bombay letourneau. Who? How's that? I understand you do this for a living, except to girls. If anybody feels the need to write me up for excessive force, you better do it in the next 10 days. You gonna break it! Get up! Get up! Up! Give me your hand. Tell us where he is. We'll forget all about this track-and-field tryout, and you get to keep this. That grip belong to bombay. Well, he won't be needing that anymore. He got a new cook-up spot in the dust bowl off the five in glassell park. I think he broke my goddamn jaw, man. You broke your own jaw, asshole. Smells like cat piss. Means they're in the middle of a cook-up. We could probably catch him off guard. So, do we wait for uni backup? We take him hard to the paint, they won't know what hit them. Vic, connie was always saying you were nice, how you helped her. Whatever I did to make you mad, I'm sorry. My life's different now. Yeah, mine too. Four or five people in the main trailer. I don't know about the other one. We go in, roust everyone, little miss claptrap ID's our bad guy. You stay here and keep your mouth shut until we need you to eyeball mack daddy. Come on. Be careful. Suspect down! Get out of there! Get out of the trailer! Let's go right now! Get against the wall. Spread 'em against the wall. Clear! - Ronnie, you got that? - Clear! Get out of here! Julien, clear that other structure! Clear! I did what I had to do. You fellas took a few rounds. I only returned two shots. Okay, I don't want you talking to anyone. O.I.s. Is on its way. I want you to contact protective league. Get a rep standing by, okay? I.A.D. Will take your formal statement at the Barn. I'll take possession of your weapon. It'll be all right. One of you guys get him back. Glad I stuck around. Might even pick up a letter of commendation for this one. Iooks good in the jacket. Raise my rate next gig. We appreciate all the help. Hey, just doing my part as a citizen. I point them out, you put them away. That sounds like a plan. Thanks. Hey, Danny, you got a minute? What's up? Danielle Sofer? Yeah. You are hereby ordered to appear in family court on the date indicated. Have a good day. You son of a bitch. You told me I had until tomorrow night. That was before you went behind my back and dragged Corrine into this. Shredding another family for your own agenda isn't gonna win you "world's best mom" in a courtroom. Guess we do this the hard way. After all the shit you pulled Corrine through, she comes crawling back to you like a whipped puppy. Jesus Christ, what kind of hold do you have on that poor woman anyway? She understands a basic human concept... children need fathers. Now, I'm not gonna let you puzzle over that little brain teaser one more day at my son's expense. You missed one hell of a show at Pezuela's place. Two helicopters with thermographic display, field command module with satellite uplink, two dozen agents, canine team, and a posse of forensic accountants. And your boss came up with Jack shit and no body. Your tax dollars at work. Chaffee walked himself out onto a limb with the big boys in d.c. On this one. And the limb just snapped. When can you get me into a room with chaffee? I'll find out. Hey, Vic. There was a guy here earlier, Lester spirakus... ex-cop. You know him? I've seen him around. Why? I got a sense you two had some history. Good ob. You should be a detective. Guy's an asshole, into all kinds of wrong shit. Really? What did he do now? Well, maybe nothing. If you think he did something shitty, he probably did. Captain, I need signatures on last week's o.t. Reports. I couldn't help catching you and Vic square off earlier. Sorry about that. It won't happen again. Is that a promise you can keep? Probably not. And not even for the next 10 days? Vic's being terminated. He'll be gone after that. Wow. I don't mean to insert myself, but if I've got a personnel problem on my hands, even a short-term, I'd like to know what I'm dealing with. Captain, it's not a secret around here. I mean, everybody knows Vic is the father. I've heard rumors. I tried to keep him out of the mix. It's just that things have gotten really messy. You ought to know that that's the book on Vic going in. Right. I think I was just focused on the baby of it all. Take whatever time you need. Handle your business. I don't want to leave you in the lurch. I can look out for myself, and you should do the same. Talked to elliott the crackhead. Alibi checks out. Four people saw him stealing food from the soup kitchen this morning. How do you steal from a soup kitchen? That was his argument. How about we head over to the pawn shop, perform a three-ball squeeze? Hey, maybe we've been going in the wrong direction. What about Lester? That's a good one. I've been going through these logs he gave us. Most of his new accounts are from residences where there were recent 211s. It makes sense. Probably gets a list of b and E's from a friendly cop. Or maybe he's staging them himself to create a market for his product. He's an ex-cop, for Christ's sake. Then let's let him come in and clear himself. You showed your hand, and a covert investigation came up empty. I'm out of my department on my ass because of this thing. Sounds like we both had a bad day. I have a way to take our respective shit piles and recycle them into something useful. Pezuela's guard's up. It's gonna take more than you turning your pockets inside out to get next to him. That's why I have to deliver something that matters to him. I have to give him back the blackmail box. We'd be handing the man a loaded gun. Do the math. If someone like Pezuela can't lean on people to do his bidding, it costs him juice with the cartel. The harder it becomes for us to use him to move up the food chain. Now, I'm in your wing tips, I'm going after the guy that's making Pezuela lose sleep at night. And the box by itself is nothing but a tell-all about human weakness. It doesn't even get you Pezuela. Let him put the box in play. That keeps him positioned as the cartel's go-to guy. At the very least, we get him on conspiracy and extortion. With me on the inside keeping a travel log of all the dark and dirty places he visits. Unless you have a better plan. Only one problem with your idea. Pezuela's gonna smell a rat when he gets this back and your file's not inside it. Especially since he knows the agency's dogging his every move. That's why I've got to get it back from Aceveda and put it back inside. You gonna be all right with that? This sting works, maybe I'll finally be able to hang up my kneepads. Keep them on just a little while longer and this all goes away. Aceveda's not gonna just hand it over. I already went to his office today and asked. I've known David a long time. It's all about how you ask. I'm working undercover for I.c.E. The box is back in play. We need Olivia's file in order to sell it to Pezuela. When the hell did this happen? You said something this morning about wanting to see justice done. Time to jump on board the karma train. I have to handle Pezuela very carefully. He can hurt me. And you, you say you want to bring him down? You were just working for the man. She had no choice. Iook, I'm sorry, but Vic doesn't make a very compelling character witness. Holding on to your file gives me a card to play in case you're ever tempted to switch sides again. Here's what happens if you don't give up the file. Pezuela doesn't take the bait. I.c.E. Doesn't understand why, so they put his balls through the ringer just on general principle, and he gives up Olivia anyway. Then I roll on you for blackmailing me. And I back her story. You two make quite a team. You know how much of my life I spent in interrogation rooms? It's quieter in here. You mind? No, I'm fine with it. What's up, guys? You mind if I cut to the Chase? I'd love that. The more security systems you sell, the more money you make, and what better way to stimulate demand than breaking into houses. I spent 15 years on the job. This is a hell of a way to thank me for my time and service. There's a quick and easy way to clear this up. Perp got grazed by a bullet, left a trail of blood. What? You want to check me out? Why didn't you say so? 53. still ripped. You guys are too busy on the job to get to the gym regularly. I remember. Um, can you turn around so we can see the back of your legs? Liking that ass? Can I go now or do you want to tickle my balls? Uh, your partner, j.r. Cornelius, I'd like to talk to him. How do I reach him? He's on vacation. Since when? Last weekend. J.r. Wasn't in town when this happened, but you're welcome to knock on his door. Woman's here to see someone from the strike team. Somewhere we could talk? Bombay's as hard as they get, but he didn't kill no girl. Why do you say that? 'Cause I saw who did. I'm working the track. Two-man rolls up on Amber, tells her to get in. Bitch wasn't trying to hear it on account of knowing what's in store. Well, just 'cause she got in his car doesn't mean that he killed her. I'm gonna be real with you. Nigga gets a cut of what he collects and any pussy he wants. Only he ain't about hitting no trim. He about banging those shorties. So he's into rough stuff. Shit. That brother don't even get his swole on. Two-man 'bout bringing the pain. All the bitches he sent to killah king with broken bones and shit. That's bad for business. Bombay put up with that? He never let him beat on his earners, but, daddy, it was open season on low-end skeezers. Amber should have taken her beat down same as every other ho. The minute she said "no," it was on. Two-man snatched her by the hair, bashed her in the face, banged her head against the car, and threw her in the back. When he drove off, you know, you'd have saved everybody a lot of time and ammunition if you would have told us this before. If I'd have snitched on bombay's dude, I'd be in the mortuary right behind Gray girl. Pimp juice dead. It's all good. Be even safer if you tossed two-man in and lose the key. You seem like a good person, and you're just trying to do the right thing. Maybe you saw two-man do those things, maybe you didn't. I know what I seen. The point is, you're in a cloud of chronic all day every day. You're not a credible witness. And I also have concerns about your personal safety. What if you testify and we don't get a conviction? I don't want anything happening to you. I'm gonna treat this as an anonymous tip. I ain't mad, keeping it in the cut. Iooks like j.r. Decided to vacation in the E.r. Out in riverside. That's news to me. He was being treated for a gunshot wound. Arrived two hours after the shooting. Told the doctors he was an ex-cop who was wounded when his gun accidently discharged. He always was clumsy. Riverside p.d. Picked him up. They're bringing him back here now. You know what it'll mean for us to be able to clear all these open b and E's. Go easier for you if you tell us what happened. We found blood at the crime scene. When we test it, it's gonna match j.r.'s. He's my partner. Well, I respect that kind of loyalty, and since he's got more to lose than you do, I hope he does, too. I walk on the b and E's. Trespassing and vandalism. Got to make sure you're out of the home-protection business. We thought the house was empty. I was on the lookout when he went in. I heard the gunshot, and then he came running out. Then I drove him to his car. Shit. Bombay never posted lookouts during a cook-up. He needed everybody in the lab. So why did he come out guns blazing? - The phone call. - What phone call? Somebody called his cell, said there were cops outside are gonna kill him. He told us to get down, went for his gun, started shooting. You spun that sob story about killing your girlfriend? Your pimp you set up bombay for a death-by-cop payback for kicking you out? He's the one who started her on the pipe. He got what he deserved. I don't give a shit about your goddamn pimp! You understand?! You called him. You warned him so he'd come out blasting! You used me! You used one of my guys as a shooter! You could have gotten us all killed, you sick bitch! Oh, I used you. Played you same as last time. I remember it all now. You were an asshole back then, too. You just keep getting more pathetic and miserable. I still got you handling my business for me. May not be so pretty any more, but I am walking, talking pussy, and you let me lead you around by your dick. You ever thought about just cutting it off? Free your mind once and for all? Ha ha. Ha ha. When I went over to your house this morning to check on you, I had to break a window and go into your house. - Had to? - I was worried. Oh, you thought I was lying dead on the floor because I'm sick? You live alone, your car was in the driveway, nobody came to the door, there was a b and E down the block and a potentially dangerous suspect on the loose I'm gonna send you the Bill for that window. I know I've been a little lax. It was obvious you're not taking care of yourself. James isn't in your life anymore. - We need to get you a little help. - I don't need help. Iook, the house is messy. I'll clean it up. Iook, you have to... you have to understand it takes... every ounce of energy for me to be here every day to do what I need to get done. By the time I get home, I don't have nothing left. I-I, uh, hired you a cleaning lady. Her name is Cecilia. She'll be coming on mondays and thursdays. - Dutch. - I will pay for it. - I'll pay for it. - No, I will. So I know she's doing the job. Is she even legal? Uh, she's coming on mondays and thursdays. I just need a key so she can get in the house. Vic, please, don't. I thought I'd give another shot to try to talk this out. I'm sure we'd both rather see that money we're about to burn through go into Lee's college, right? Okay. I give. But I'm gonna need parameters that I can live with. I'll put your name on the birth certificate, but I want sole custody, and we got to work out visitation rights. I can live with that. I talked to this family arbitrator. She said that we can, you know, sit down and work out the details. I'm there. Just tell me when and where. I'll call tomorrow, get some times. Hey, I'm glad we're gonna be able to reason our way through this. In the end, it's really gonna work out for the best. That's what I want for Lee. All right. I'll see you in the morning. See you in the morning. You need to get a better lock, two-man. Some lowlife could break in. - You got a warrant? - Shit, no. What you want then? Chop it up with you about that strawberry you beat to death. I don't know nothing about no dead strawberry. Cut the shit. Bombay... now deceased, FYI... Ioaned you his gash crew as a part of your compensation package. Don't mean I killed the bitch. You went too tough on Amber. I got an eyewitness who saw the whole thing go down. Now, there are two different ways we can handle this. I can take you in, my eyewitness fingers you, I arrest you for murder with special circumstances, but you know what that gets you? Or you can work with me and make this whole thing go away. Work with you how? I need your help getting rid of somebody, and that's gonna mean looking somebody in the eye and pulling the trigger, though. You ain't serious. You don't know