There's speculation bundy's first murders were committed in his early teens. Are you saying this kid's a serial killer? This guy's all I've got. I'm targeting Cruz Pezuela. Aceveda's one-man campaign bankroll? He's buying up Farmington with cartel money. Blackmail... that's how Pezuela's getting everyone on board the train to cartel town. Where's our blackmail box? I am in possession of the box until the time to turn it over to justice. What about the files? The armenians are making a hard play for your barrio sand box. This piece of shit Rezian has taken something that belongs to me. You want to give me a clue what all this is about? The mexis are using to blackmail their way up to the top. And you made it look like this prick sold out to the armos. Which lit the fuse for the blood feud we're stirring up between Rezian and the Mexicans. We need a quick Armenian political win. Give me the name, I'll put it in play. The city controller... Robert Martin. He's in the blackmail box? Robert, oh, my God! I need a medic! Their march turns into a goddamn killing. That was never part of the plan. Martin was my colleague, Vic. I did not sign up for this! Detective Mackey, amando rios. Amando will speak for me. Give me a name, and I'll run with it. Rios isn't just some beaner. He's got a face only a cartel could love. If rios gets spooked, we lose our best shot at Pezuela. Never heard of him. David Aceveda, federal agent Olivia Murray. That fed in the Clubhouse... I thought I'd seen her name somewhere before. She's in the blackmail box? Pezuela got her in his pocket. How much have you told her? Enough to get us both killed. You look like shit. I'm supposed to get a minute's sleep knowing Olivia could have ratted us out to Pezuela??? Just because Olivia has been Pezuela's eyes and ears doesn't mean she's been passing along the intel we've been feeding her. Do you think she's holding on to it, maybe use it against Pezuela herself? She's up to her manhole in shit lake. That's what I'ddo. Dangerous part for us, though, is not knowing. You two work closely. Did he have enemies downtown? A city this size with the money and powerat stake? But at the end of the day, Robert was a glorified accountant... not a very sexy target. And your people didn't see anything? Heard shots, and then it was complete chaos. Why was your team deployed there in the first place? Detective Vendrell has been working with an Armenian C.I. Who's given us a couple of wins recently. We've been hearing some chatter that there's been some, uh, Armenian-Mexican friction. So your assessment... this is organized- crime syndicates squaring off? Martin was clearly the target, and there's not a banger out therewith a merit badge for marksmanship. Have to wonder if those shots weren't meant for Mr. Aceveda... you being a mayoral candidate now. Uh, Vic, do you... do you have any change? This kouf guy's becoming a real rock Star in the department. With him leading the investigation now and our involvement, this could all blow back on us. Take a deep, cleansing breath. Neither one of us had anything to do with that shooting, by word or deed. We damn sure know who's responsible. - When you've got a minute... - sure. And the slightest whisper of impropriety is a political career ender. Do you know how much she's told Pezuela? I'll handle her... but it's got to be gently. Your problem is, you're trying to have it both ways. You want to take down Pezuela, win a landslide as a reformer, but not until he pays all your bills. Oh, sorry. I only got 50 cents, and you're about a dollar. What's up, buttercup? Got a situation I could use a little help on. Ask, and you shall. I need to run it by your captain first, make sure it's kosher. Then I'll hit you with the details. Uh, anything come back on the intel I gave you? Nothing so far. Hope it wasn't a bum steer. Not like you to be off the money. Okay, well, give me a shout... it gets you to that bigger fish. You'll be the first to know, believe me. I got to go. Olivia needs us to backstop her on something. I'm waiting on the details. Am I, uh... am I missing something? Olivia's carrying water for Pezuela. She's in the box of sins. What? Her brother got jammed up with some mob bookies. Pezuela got wind somehow, got proof. Could explain why she's become a fact of life around here all of a sudden. This prick owns a federal agent who's up our ass, collecting intel. You boys gonna let me in on this? I just found out myself. We're still not sure about the size of Pezuela's hook. Well, it's pretty goddamn clear what we need to do. We'll give the box to Rezian so that the armenians can return it to Pezuela, and he lays off. Not yet. Are you not understanding that this master plan of yours is backfiring? Rezian still has our families in the crosshairs. Now Pezuela has sicced a fed on us. I understand the situation. Return the box and get credit for brokering a peace deal. Our money train debt is paid in full. Now, explain to me how that is not in all of our best interests. Another time. King rat's gaytan echevarria... cuban, Miami-based. He's visiting I.a. Doing what? He's meeting Martin blez, number-two denim manufacturer in the world. Echevarria's looking to clean his drug benjamins by plowing them into a legit biz... blue jeans. So, how does the strike team fit in? Echevarria's daughter, noelle... freshman at s.c. She got carjacked this morning at 8th and hoover. Three black males ordered her boyfriend out of the car at gunpoint, drove off with the girl. Our surveillance picked up the boyfriend telling her old man what happened. That neighborhood, it's probably gang-related. Hence the strike team. With his daughter missing, echevarria's not focused on business. Bad guys love their kids, too. This meeting with blez is our one opportunity to take down the whole network. It doesn't make, a high-dollar 18-month investigation goes out the window. So you need the strike team to find the missing girl so daddy will get back to the dirty business. Without tipping echevarria the police are involved. He hasn't reported the kidnapping. Our surveillance intel has got him using his own muscle to find her. Taking matters into his own hands... could get a lot of people hurt. He knows law enforcement's involved and he didn't drop the dime, he'll figure out he's being watched. Description of the echevarria girl's car. Not like we can put out an apb if we need to keep this on the down low. My best recommend is start with the local chop shops. See if anyone's trying to unload her nissan. Let's pull all the files on car thefts for the last six months... suspects, arrest records, similar m.o.s. Got it. Your surveillance come up with any intel on the kind of muscle echevarria's traveling with? Four guys... cuban and jamaican, armed, long list of crimes. When's this meet with denim dude supposed to go down? Blez's jet gets into Van nuys around 6:00, assuming our cuban doesn't cancel the meet. That doesn't give us a lot of time. Let me say it again... echevarria gets a whiff of police anywhere near this, he will get spooked and bolt. Understood. You drop the bomb that Olivia is in Pezuela's blackmail box. Now she's walking us into a sketchy case with out-of-town players. You think she's setting us up? We got to assume she's gonna give Pezuela a heads-up. Maybe he decides to strike first. Or maybe you're just being paranoid and this is exactly what she says it is... a random street crime that could possibly wreck a high-profile I.c.E. Collar. Either way, we got to watch our backs. I pulled the most recent 10851s. Chop shop on manzanita specializes in stolen parts for Japanese street racers. We'll start there. Ride with me. We didn't get a chance to finish our earlier conversation. You were about to explain what's more important than keeping our families safe. Nothing. Settle this beef between the armos and the mexis. Just let Pezuela have whatever it is that he wants. Just get us off the hook already. I can't do that. If you think you're gonna use this box to squeeze your way into keeping some detective career... Iook, I-I don't have to remind you of all the bad shit we've been responsible for. You're the one who wrote it all down. Well, that was "bad shit volume I." The next installment has Ronnie doing Zadofian's murder. Since we're being honest about things, it means we're all blood brothers now. Pezuela's a scorpion. He can and will unleash a level of violence and corruption in Farmington that'll turn this place into little Mexico city. I can't let that happen. I don't trust anyone else to stop him, - including robbery-homicide. - If it's not Pezuela shitting on the streets, it's going to be some other asshole! Putting Pezuela away is a down payment on me being able to live with myself. Now, if you can't understand that, at least respect it. Sync: Vine Dutch, I got a call from beth insardi wanting to know if I was deliberately ducking the subpoenas on the Kleavon Gardner trial, subpoenas which you have been intercepting. I want to know why. - Captain, you've been busy... - it was my fault. Uh, Danny was just following my instructions. Give us a minute. Apparently, Kleavon is defending himself prose in his murder trial. And I-I just didn't think you need the stress of being drawn into that circus. Because of my illness? Your last encounter with him landed you facedown on the stairs and in the hospital. Does Danny know why you had her running interference for me? Of course not. Cops duck subpoenas all the time. As far as she's concerned, we were sparing you some unnecessary aggravation. I can handle my own affairs. This guy's had it in for you from the beginning. He killed a woman who looked like you just to make his point. I want this prick to get the justice he deserves, and if it means giving a deposition... Kleavon is a confessed serial killer facing the death penalty. What better way to spend his final days than lobbing shitballs at you? Let's not humor him. He's coming in this afternoon. I'll get it over with. Fine. See if this guy's part of the chop shop. Yo! We got a rabbit. We got a rabbit. Watch it! Ronnie, get in front of him. We're moving to intercept. Get out of the car! Let me see your hands! - Get out! - Get down! Get down! Don't move. "Llewellyn wang"? Farmington grand prix means you know why we're here. I had nothing to do with it, man. I ain't never even heard of this missing chick. Where's the girl? I don't know. And neither did those dead homies, but those gusanos kacked them, anyway! You lost me. We was kicking it. I went out back to take a leak, and that's when the shit jumped off. What kind of shit? Four caribbean dudes showed up, started sweating everybody about some cuban girl they're looking for. My friends were like, "what the hell you talking about?!" Dudes went at 'em with knives and shit! You're gonna take us to where this gangster party went down. They're back there. Vic. Zorro wannabe? From this angle, I'm reading an "n." Missing girl's name was noelle. They weren't wishing him an early merry Christmas. We're on the record in the matter of people vs. Kleavon kwame Gardner. The witness has been sworn in. All parties present have been advised that this deposition is being videotaped. Please state your name. Claudette Wyms. Would you describe your relationship to the defendant? I investigated the murders you committed and arrested you for them. When you say I committed these murders, what you are expressing is a personal, very biased opinion. Enjoy this charade while you can, because you are gonna be sentenced to death for the murders of pauline walker, Mary simpson, lana gregory, and all those women you killed back in texas. Did you interrogate any other suspects besi... I didn't have to. So you made up your mind from the jump, which means that this so-called investigation is really just an exercise in closed-mindedness. Mr. Gardner, the purpose of a deposition is to ask questions, not put words in the witness's mouth. I'm just trying to see how she developed this theory, accusing a black man, when everybody knows that serial murder is a white man's crime. Shade's got nothing to do with it. The evidence pointed overwhelmingly to you and only you, and let's not forget, you confessed... we've got it on videotape. Are you currently taking any prescribed medication? Don't answer. That's completely irrelevant. Have you ever seen this before? Let the record show I'm holding a prescription bottle recovered from a trash barrel at miss Wyms' home. Label reads... "corticosteroid, "60 milligrams, 3 refills. Patient's name... Claudette Wyms." You son of a bitch. Echevarria's crew... conducting a q&a about his missing little girl. What's the next move? Ronnie and Julien are out talking to the local shot callers on the d. I... Los mags, One-Niners, spook street. There's a "get out of jail free" card for anyone who dimes the missing car. I just hollered at a buddy in robbery-homicide... third carjacking in a month involving sexual assault. So, m.o. Is, they steal a fresh whip, take it and mommy for a joyride. Every boy's dream twofer. I.c.E. Surveillance capture any of this on videotape? They're focused on echevarria. All you should be thinking about right now is finding this girl. Hey, darling, I don't need you or anybody else managing my thought process. Uh, think maybe we should have a talk with Deena? Doesn't feel like her stilo. No, but grand theft auto... she knows all the players, and we need all the information we can get. We'll be in touch. Deena! Put the gun down! Drop the gun! Drop the gun, God damn it! You stupid bitch! God damn it, Deena! Sorry. Were you taking this steroid medication at the time of my interrogation? You are way over the line. Goes to her state of mind. My reading of the law books says that this is relevant. Were you on drugs at the time of this alleged confession you mentioned? Please keep in mind, you are under oath. I need a bathroom break. Hmm, not surprising. Frequent urination is one of the less dangerous side effects. Claudette? Okay, okay. You need to shut this down right now. He's entitled to conduct discovery. What is she on meds for? You need to talk toher about that. How serious? She doesn't need her medical history to become an issue for the department. I could get the judge to seal the transcripts. They'll be unsealed when this goes to trial, used to attack her credibility in all cases. And that's our system, isn't it? Who is this guy? Just a guy I've been working with lately. Accomplice, in other words. I came back from a run, and I found him like that. Busted out the shotgun when I heard you rolling up. I did say sorry, right? The people responsible are looking for a silver nissan 300. You know anybody who traffics in a load like that? Could have been anyone. There's a lot of demand for Jap cars. The jackers have been targeting females. They grab the car, help themselves to the cooch. You know anyone who rolls like that? Ghost town piru's been boosting for initiation lately. So has hollis lane. I liked him. He could have been the one. We were talking about getting out of the game. I'd think about sticking to that plan, even without him. You became quite ill during my interrogation, as I recall... disoriented, unsteady on your feet. It was not serious. Well, you started bleeding heavily from your nose. Had to leave the room. I saw you fall down a flight of stairs, or don't you remember that? 60 milligrams... that's a high dosage of a very powerful drug. You're not a medical expert. Well, I'm not a lawyer, either, but the court says I'm competent enough to argue my case. Are you aware some of the side effects of long-term steroid use include confusion, hallucination, paranoia, psychosis? Do you suffer from any of these side effects? No. Just before you had taken ill, before the blood started pouring out of your nose, you had told me that my sister Fatima... I'm reading from the transcript here... was found "strangled and dumped in an alley." But that wasn't the case, was it? It's a standard interview tactic used to mislead a suspect with disinformation in order to get the truth. Was that a tactic, or were you having a hallucination? Because I saw Fatima downstairs a little while later. What you're doing is more prejudicial than probative. I don't know what that means. It means that you're gonna stop this irresponsible line of questioning. I was told by this woman that my sister had been murdered. I was overcome with grief. I might have said some things I didn't mean because I wasn't in my right mind. Now, if my emotional distress was caused by a mentally disturbed person on drugs, that's something the jury needs to know. You attack my credibility all you want. It still won't get you off, not with all the other evidence we got against you. Evidence collected by a heavily medicated police detective in a station... now under the command of that same paranoid, delusional psychotic who's now been promoted tocaptain. You've got to ask yourself how credible that evidence really is. Can we go off the record? You are putting on quite a show. Thank you. You think you're gonna get acquitted? Think again. You're gonna go down for those murders, no matter what! Might as well take some folks down with me... or not. - It all depends. - On what? I want the death penalty off the table. You drag me through the mud all you want. I'm gonna live to watch you die. If word of your unstable mental condition gets loose, they'll have you out the door faster than you can say "Mark fuhrman." Job you're in... it's all about credibility. You deserve the same fate as all those women you put in the ground. I'm a different man now, fallen in love with a woman that I've been in correspondence with since my incarceration. I'm looking forward to spending the rest of my natural life with her. Even more reason to put you down like a sick animal now that you got something to lose. Another potty break? You're not gonna cave in to this stunt! The slightest whiff of doubt, juries back off of capital punishment in a heartbeat. - There is no doubt. - He's got a story. - That's all that matters. - Don't do this, beth. It's not your call to make. I got to use your phone, run this past the bosses. Lyor chotzen left a message. He'll meet you at Los perditos. Thanks. Chotzen... the FBI profiler that worked the Kleavon Gardner case for you? Yeah. With Kleavon back in the house, got me thinking I should talk to chotzen about the Lloyd denton shooting. We already went at that brat once. You keep hauling him in here, his mom's gonna figure out you suspect him as Jack the ripper Jr. That's where you're wrong. I'm not trying to arrest the kid. I'm just trying to help him. You want to beat a dead horse, do your thing. I got enough paperwork to wipe my ass for a year. Vic, did you sign that document for me? The, uh, quit claim on paternity for Lee. Oh, I haven't had a chance to read it. Could you make the time? My lawyer wants to file it by the end of the week. What's the rush? I just want to get it done, okay? What now? Cassidy's been suspended from school. I give up. Suspended? For what? She and her friends were at some "pimps 'n ho's" party. All the girls had to wear lingerie. Pimps 'n ho's? Yeah, some kid posted their pictures on the internet. These girls were dressed in their underwear, traipsing around in front of the boys. - It was revolting. - Where's cass now? Home. There were drugs involved. Jesus Christ. She wouldn't even have admitted it to me if I didn't threaten to drag her here for a urine test. What kind of drugs? Ecstasy. She claims it was her first time. Who gave them to her? She won't tell me. I just don't know what else to do. I sure as hell do. Who organized this party? I'm not sure, but I spoke to one of the other mothers, and she said it was at this boy mickey dightman's house. There are pictures of him on the same website, and he's smoking a joint. All right, listen, I got this. I'll call you later, okay? Intentional or not, that was live ammo Deena directed our way. There's no way Olivia could have orchestrated that. So if Deena would have blown our brains out, that would have just been dumb luck? This cuban's one-day body count is gonna cut our car-theft numbers in half, but I want him in custody or on a plane back to Miami. You need to decide how much collateral damage you're willing to accept to preserve this I.c.E. Investigation. Well, the sooner we get the missing girl, the sooner the streets settle down. Ticktock. Hey, Vic, unis just took a statement from a domestic victim up in observation. We should follow up. Uh, couples counseling isn't on my to-do list right now. Her boyfriend is a gangbanger... priors for car theft. And he was bragging to someone about running a train on some latina. What set's the b.f. Claiming? Ghost town piru. I can take a beat-down, about as tough as any bitch. But I'm done! This nigger came home smelling like badussy. I ask him, "what's up with that?" He talking about imust be on crack. Only then I hear him loud talking to his boy about how they was running the old alabama anaconda up in ol' girl all day long. Happen to mention if "ol' girl" was cuban? Cuban, Mexican... it's all reggaeton to me. I told him, "you think a sister gonna be 'bout it, 'bout it" when he got taco stank up on his black ass? Think again. Gave me the fist. Girl's got to draw the line somewhere. Any idea where he is right now? He's probably at his job. He work around the way, you know, stealing cars. I've been dreaming about tacos for the last two weeks... hard to come by in beijing. You over there on vacation? Paid consultant to the people's republic of. 37 dead females autopsied premortem. Chinese law enforcement is strangely proud to finally have one of their own up on the world stage, alongside John wayne gacy and andrei chikatilo. What's the profile? Organized killer, male, 20s. With a billion Chinese, you're looking for a needle dick in a haystack. What about you? I got a suspect... kid, shot an intruder. You wouldn't be talking to me if you thought it was a one-time thing. It's not something I want to be wrong about. He's 16, no obvious killer symptoms. What about the obvious precursors? No arson, cruelty to animals, or bed-wetting that I know about. What's got your antennae twitching? I think he killed him just to kill, and if he can do that at 16, what's he gonna be doing at 25? Want me to talk to him? Prove me right, prove me wrong... I just need to know what I'm dealing with. Don't let him know you're a cop. I need him to think that I've moved off the criminal investigation. You bet. So, what, are you gonna show me those ink-blotch things... ask me what I see? If you want. Mostly, I'm here to listen. I sat in this room for like 97 hours, answering the same questions over and over and over again. I'm... I'm pretty talked out. That was a police investigation. This is an opportunity for you to conduct one of your own... into your feelings. I'm gonna give you some room, keep your mom company. Can I, uh, get you anything to drink... water, tea? Oh, no, thank you. I wonder if I should be up there with him. Uh, this kind of therapy works best when you're talking to a stranger. It's easier to vent those feelings to a blank screen rather than to someone who knows everything about you. Makes sense. I don't know the first thing about psychiatrists. How's, uh, how's Lloyd been doing since all this happened? Surprisingly well, under the circumstances. Not acting out, anger, depressed? Oh, no. Has he wet his bed... anything like that? No, my son is 16. The only reason I ask is, sometimes, the body wants to rid negative feelings the same way it does other waste products. Well, no, Lloyd's never had that problem. How long is he going to be up there? All these shrinks seem to think an hour's 50 minutes long, so... well, maybe I will have that tea. Silver nissan 300 parked inside. Three guys downstairs, one guy up in a loft, poking on something. I'm guessing that's our girl. All right, Ronnie, nice work. Come on down. Kick down the door, go in guns drawn, badges out, noelle's gonna know it was the police to the rescue. And so will her big pa. That's why we got to make it look like a robbery by a rival gang... choreograph it so the girl escapes. No disrespect, but the only set you guys can claim is aryan nation. No, I got an idea... only I'm gonna need you to sell it to Claudette. Coming from any of us, it'll be a no-go. Done. It's questionable tactics, high risk to my personnel andcivilians. The fresh hell you're proposing must have come from the mind of Mackey. This operation's got a high degree of difficulty. We are running out of time, and I don't have a better idea. I sign off on this insanity, - here are my terms. - Bring the pain. Echevarria's hit squad gets charged here in Farmington ahead of any federal case. I need a win after the shit rain these bastards caused today. Okay. And any blowback from Vic Mackey's voodoo law enforcement is on you. How I'm supposed to trust you after the shit you pulled with my escalade? You want to feel those fine leather seats on your ass again or not? No one's gonna see your face. You won't have to wear your own colors. No one except the people in this room will know you were involved. It's bad enough we down with one time, but taking flight on a band of brothers... spare me the pan-Africa bullshit. You guys are out there killing each other all day, every day. You get a little taste of black pussy... now you're an expert on Africa? Streets is watching, homey. We're supposed to be strapped, right? You can take your own heaters, but just for show... no ammo. Officer Lowe will be embedded with you, and he'll be armed. The rest of us will cover you from the perimeter. Our targets have been on the bong all day. You go in fast and hard, they won't know what hit 'em... no one gets hurt. I mean, now that we're undercover brothers now, don't you think we need to be deputized? You know, make this shit official. All right. Raise your right hands. Now do this while you do this. Sure, she's like supermom. I mean, she's like a mom and dad rolled all into one. I feel like I let her down. See how he's shifting the focus away from him to his mother? - Consciousness of guilt? - Possibly. Maybe I should have, like, dove headfirst through the window to get away. I'd like you to close your eyes. I gave him a guided image transference exercise here. Now, watch what he does. Tell him what you were feeling when you pulled the trigger. This is on you, you stupid shit. And this is all your fault, only I'm the one messed up over it, - and I don't even know you. - Blaming the victim to generate sympathy. But he's also speaking to his own shadow self... could be interpreted as an admission of guilt. Anything else you'd like to say to him? Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just... I'm really sorry. Affect and emotional responses are consistent with post-traumatic stress... remorse, grief, guilt, anger. What if it's all an act? Then we're dealing with a sociopath with a well-constructed mask of sanity, but the stats are against it. Most serial killers don't come online until they're in their 20s or 30s. You think I'm pissing in the wind here? There's something off with this kid. I just can't tell you what it is. Death penalty's off the table, contingent on you pleading guilty to all charges and stipulating to life without parole. I can live with that. If there's a God in heaven, you'll catch a shank to the throat, choke to death on your own blood, miserable and alone. When I get back to my cell, I'm gonna call my girl... pop the question. We all understand what we're doing here? Look, ain't no thing. This is how we ride 24-7, my nig. Throw it out... now. Just trying to cover up the smell of bacon. Hey, do what he says, homey. I need your mind right on this one, and I'm trying to hang on to this car. Okay, Vic, we're all in position. All right, let's get this done. Wes, wes, y'all. Hey, hey, my man, how you doing? Look, how much I got to drop if I want to floss the load with some sprewells on dubs? Burnout, Burnout. Don't move! Get down! Get down! Hey, come on! Where the scrilla and the cush at? My man asked you a question! Hey, load up them rims! Load them up! Get dressed, bitch. Yo, look at what I found. Oh, sugar walls found us a new bbc! Let me see what I'm working with here. You dented the rims! Let me hit that, dog! That's money, nigger! That's money over there! Let me crank that bitch! Come on, man! - Help me, please! - You okay? Go, go, go! Danny's got the girl. All right, move in. Move in. Hands in the air! Head down on the ground! Stay where you're at right now! Stay where you're at! Counselor, moment of your time. I understand you're an attorney now. Not sure if that's a step up or a step down from doing murder. You got jokes. I was wondering if you'd be willing to help me out on another matter. What's in it for me? Spoken like a true lawyer. It's a 16-year-old kid. He's got himself into a situation. I could use your expertise, help me figure out what I'm dealing with. Or I could just ship you back to county in time for dinner. I'm just... I'm really sorry. Anybody reached out to you when you were his age, with an arsenal of help and understanding, do you think you might have channeled your energies in a different direction? Don't get it twisted, man. Everybody is born into this world with their own set of gifts. You grow up, you find out what you're good at, and you roll with it. That's why you're a cop, and I took a different path. We all got to ride or die with what the good lord meant for us to do... you, me, and him. So you're saying, if killing's this kid's shot in life, there's no stopping it. There's stopping it. Y'all stopped me, didn't you? All it takes is a pair of cuffs and a cage to throw him in. But, yeah, he's got the look. I seen it before. Where? In the mirror. Which one of you fine young men is mickey dightman? What do you want? Hands behind your back, mickey. Hey, what's going on? I'm taking you in for questioning. Stroll! What did I do? That's what you're gonna tell me, big pimpin', and you better not leave out a thing. You can't arrest me for smoking. The picture doesn't prove anything. I can arrest you for scratching your tiny little nuggets. By the time you're done with booking, fingerprints, mug shots, transport to juvie, it'll be 18 hours before they release you to your mommy and daddy. And they're gonna love being in and out of courtrooms for the next year, trying to clear their baby boy. So, who supplied the drugs? L- I brought one joint with me. Where'd you get it? There's a weed patch behind the school. It grows wild. What about the ecstasy? I don't do "x." That's not what I asked you. Who brought it to the party? I need a name! - What? - Kid's father's here. Can you give me a second? Vic, he's a juvenile. He has to have a parent present. Go ahead. What's going on here? Are you okay? Your son is involved in a drug investigation. I had to make sure he was in a secure environment for his own safety before I could notify you. You are involved with drugs?! Marijuana and ecstasy. If you can get him to cooperate, it'll go a lot easier on him. Mickey, you tell this man what he wants to know... now. This girl in my grade... okay, the "pimps 'n ho's" thing was her idea. She planned everything, scored the "x." The only thing Cassidy asked me to do was put together a mix tape and a couple mash-ups. You've always been the logical one, see the whole picture. With what you did to Lem center foreground. I always know where you're coming from. I'm appealing to your good judgment, even though I know I will forever be on the wrong end of it. You got that right. Vic is gonna land you, me, and him in jail for the rest of our lives if he keeps going in this direction. He's doing what it takes to protect his family. That's one part of the equation. The other math goes like this... Vic takes down someone who's done worse deeds than him, it balances accounts for Terry in that big, old box of sins God keeps on all of us. I don't believe in God. Oh, you will, because praying's the only thing that gets you out of a jail cell twice a week. Hey, look. Vic still thinks the world's worth fixing, and he's the only one that can do it. You and me... we're not like that. This joint is broke for good, and we both know it. And taking down Pezuela will not make one goddamn bit of difference on the streets. Now, he'll listen to you. Get him to settle this beef, hand over the box, give everybody a moment's peace. You may hate me, but you know what I'm saying... you know it's right. Short of a confession, I'm not gonna make this case. And I can't sweat one out of him without alerting the mother he's a suspect, in which case, she circles the wagons around her sweet teen killing machine. It sounds like you've done everything you can. What if everything I've learned in my career, everything I've been through, is meant to bring me to this exact place in time, this kid, this case? What happened to the higher power who put you here? Why wasn't he there to stop Lloyd from pulling the trigger? Who's the better detective... someone who arrests the bad guy after he's killed 30 people, or the one who prevents 30 murders from happening in the future? None of us can see the future. I can give it a shove in the right direction. Hey, um, sorry your deposition went sideways. In retrospect, burying those subpoenas was, uh, prudent. Kleavon would have tracked you down sooner or later. What's the final word? Insardi cut the deal. She gave me the only deposition tape. She protected me. D.A.'s locking in the best win they can. It's not just about protecting you. Yeah, well, this is the shape of things to come for me... more a liability every passing day. What were you just saying about seeing the future? All I have to do is look at the present. If Kleavon can suss this out, what happens when a real lawyer decides to tear me apart in some other case? You're not a lead detective anymore. All you have to do is manage people here. Is that what I do now? Dodged a few bullets today. Literally. Just don't know which side Olivia's on. Which makes sleeping tonight as rough as it was last night. I'm not putting my head on the pillow until I know for sure. Shane wants me to have a "come to Jesus" conversation with you about... about ending the war, turning over the box. I figured he'd piss in your ear. It makes sense. He's got a point. We could stop this all now. I can't give back something I don't have. Aceveda's in possession of the box, and he ain't giving it back to you and me so we can get cuddly with the armenians. Besides, if Olivia's been ratting us out to Pezuela, we've got even bigger problems. This stays between us. It was stand-up of Dutch to take responsibility for the subpoena-gate, - but I want... - old business. I'm... I'm not well. But I'm not done here yet, either. I, uh, I need someone I can count on, backstop me full-time, catch my mistakes. Anything you need... just say the word. How would you like to be reassigned to me on a permanent basis? From tuna boat to goddess duty? That would work for me. How much do you know about lupus? And we believe this boy? He was telling the truth. What are we supposed to do... handcuff Cassidy to the bedpost till she's 21? If we have to. Of course, she can start learning about consequences the hard way, - like these people. - Don't say that. That's not the future I want for our daughter, either. She's a good kid. She just took a wrong turn. She's got to start acting like a good kid. I got to go. Hey, hey. I know how to deal with this, okay? My lawyer wants to know where we are with that quit claim. Tell him I'm not signing it. Wait a minute. We agreed. Maybe in your head. You have no idea what it takes to raise a child. I knew what I was doing when I decided to keep Lee. You were never a part of that plan. I might not have been a part of the plan, but I was 50% of the execution. You want to see Lee have a good upbringing? Stay out of his life and sign the damn document. Hey, just because you've decided that me being the father is a shitty idea does not mean that I'm gonna get behind the even shittier idea of abandoning my son. My mom's in the shower. Good, 'cause you and I need to talk. We both know it was your plan all along to kill luis alvarez. You convinced him to break into your house. You shot him, made sure you had an airtight story, so you could go out and kill again, because that's what gets you off. You might even think you're gonna get away with it again, but I'm not gonna let that happen. Dutch? Why do you keep calling him that? Because he's been so helpful to us. Am interrupting something? No. Actually, Dutch just came by to let us know that the investigation is officially closed. It's all behind us. What a relief! Hands where I can see them. Drop that. You wanted some late-night alone time, you could have invited me for a cocktail. A fed with benefits isn't on my get list. How about that drink? I already checked your well. You don't stock my pour. - Which is... - surprising... you already know everything else about me. I found that by your bedside. Well, girls need nighttime reading, too. How long has Pezuela had his hooks in you? You know all the twists and turns. Do I? I got a federal warrant on a racketeering investigation two years ago, seized documents in a... in a bookmaking takedown. And you made those documents disappear, because they showed your brother was in hock to a cartel-financed casino. Without motive, the grand jury dropped the embezzlement charge against him. I kept my brother out of jail. Pezuela followed the treasure trail to you, and now you're the one serving time. And his doberman, rios, is your warden. I thought it was a trade-off that I could live with. My brother's been putting his life back together. Any errands they had me running, they were minimal... record searches, financials. They want you to get your fingers really dirty to set the hook. Rios told me that I had to arrange safe passage across the border for some people. So I put in for special assignment traing down in San ysidro, picked up four illegals, played it off like I was taking them to secondary search... dropped them at a safe house instead. He had you dance with coyotes for a night. So what? The next day, rios had me shadowing the Salvadoran body draggings on kearney. You think it was done by the guys you brought over. The timing's hard to overlook. And then you gave me that intel on the Robert Martin shooting. You couldn't have known. They weren't coming here to pick lettuce. I knew enough. How much of this have you fed to rios? I've kept you out of the mix. Because... because... because I didn't want to hurt you. And at some point, you're gonna squeeze me for a favor? I'm in this so deep... ...and I don't know how to get myself out.