of making this investigation seem like a personal vendetta. This guy's just pissing, he's pissing all over us. I've made you coffee and I've been patient, you need to go. Okay. Stop, stop. Stop! I'm gonna take a deal. I report for processing tomorrow morning. We gotta wait for you to get to mexico. We got money parked in an account for you. - It's all set up. - I'm not going that route. They're gonna make you give us up. Why'd you even come back here tonight if you weren't planning on leaving? Shane? We're gonna find out who did this. And we're gonna kill him. It's Guardo, he stepped on his protection twice. Killing Lem was a message to stay away. You've murdered two of your own team members. You're done with Mackey. You're off of it. I have proof that Vic had Lemansky killed. I say that Vic used me as a middle man to set up the hit on his guy. I'm just trying to get you to tell the truth. It's just somebody else's truth, that's all. You get Emolia to lie for you. You just stepped onto an entirely new playing field. I hope you know the rules of the game. Sorry. Claudette had us running down a lead on the San Marcos house slaughter. I thought that was robbery/homicide. They'd get their loafers dirty knocking on doors. Who's the bag of bones? Jupo Nunez. Founding father of the salvadoran gang. Granted parole yesterday after 50 years of a life sentence. Why the early release? He's terminal. Lung cancer. Hey. You think you can hang on long enough to answer a few questions? - Do I know you? - Vic Mackey. You're before my time. But your male nurse probably heard of me. He's the Farmington cop, grandpa. Had the run-ins with Guardo. You're the one raging war against us. Come to tear down a dying man? My beef's with Guardo. He calls the shots now. I built this gang from the ground up. Guardo, all of them, owe me everything. Leaving you here to live in paradise. After a lifetime of service. That's one hell of a pension plan. You came here to insult me? I came here to give you a chance to salvage your life's work. Now you give me Guardo. I turn on one of my own, I disgrace myself. The salvadorans lost their honor after Guardo killed a cop. You old school guys. You knew never to do that. And in return, we showed you a level of respect. Giving him up is a step towards restoring the glory days. I don't know he killed one of you. We do. Besides, maybe your new leader would have a better sense of history. How to treat their heroes. The new generation. No respect for the rules. That's disgraceful. What's worse is... Kids like your grandson here are gonna have to pay the price for that disrespect. That gat he's hiding under his shirt, that's a felony. Who knows what else I might find if I decide to be a hardass. Guardo killed Danny Rosa. All I have is a number. It's where we call him to give him a message. - Vic, it's Asher. - What's going on? I'm at your house. Serving a search warrant. - For what? - I don't know. Well, who's there? Kavanaugh, Wagenbach, Captain Wyms. Is there anything you need me to do? Anything to clean up? No. There's nothing to find. Thanks for the heads up though. Jesus christ, Kavanaugh's at my place. He's got a search warrant. Based on the Emolia's bullshit story? Hey, hey. Is there something that I need to know? What the hell is that supposed to mean? Is there anything there to find? - About Lem or anything else? - No. Nothing in Vic's closet. - You? - Just leftovers. Did you look in the trash? You see the brand new jacket? Garbage is what God made unis for. I thought you were gonna take a personal day. It's thursday. I figured I take it tomorrow. Get the three-days weekend. Check the bathroom, would you? Claudette! Claudette. - Yeah. - Found this balled up in the trash. The circle there is where Portillo autobody is. - Where Lemansky was killed. - Yeah. Mackey said he'd never been there. Just keep looking. Cause if he's this sloppy... maybe there's more. You've read the statement. You swear it's entirely truthful, everything about Detective Mackey? - Yes. - OK. Sign and date here. Finished the search of Vic's house and found these. This is a matchbook from Tama's costora. Where Emolia's been working. Vic said he hadn't seen or spoken to her since he cut her off as an informant. Of course, we don't know when he picked up the matchbook. $500 cash tucked inside his yellow pages. Exact amount that Emolia said Vic offered to give Lem up to Guardo. Vic or any of the other guys return our calls? - Not yet. - Was the cash loose in the phone book? No. It was in that envelope. Send it to the crime lab. See if you can get Vic's prints off of it. Fine. But if you ask me, this is all bullshit. There's no way Vic offed one of his own guys. Phone number tracks here. Nydia Hernandez. I knocked. No one answered. So what now? We're gonna go inside. Wait for Guardo. Take him someplace private. Find out how he got close to Lem. Then we're gonna kill him. And anybody else involved. All units stand by for crime broadcast. Wanted for questioning, Detective Vic Mackey.</i> Farmington Detectives. Requesting any information</i> on his current location. They must have found something in your house. There was nothing to find. Why else would they issue an APB? Look, why don't we just go back to the barn, see what the hell they found, and clean this mess up right now - before we dig ourselves in any deeper. - Now might be our last shot at Guardo. He's right. We're all clear. Looks like she's Guardo's cooch. What are we gonna do with her? I don't have too much concern for Guardo's loved ones. {\c&HFFFFFF&}Transcript : www.swsub.com {\c&HFFFFFF&}Synchro : Artusamak - Strike Team ~www.theshield-laserie.com ~ {\c&HFFFFFF&}BAPTISM BY FIRE</i> All right. Someone's here. Don't get trigger happy. I want this guy alive long enough to ask him questions. Hola.it's nydia. ¿Esta Guardo? He's not there. Gracias. What's she doing now? She's making lunch. How's the new foot patrol going? It's OK, but community relations is boring. We're not getting any action. Putting a friendly face on the department is important. People need to feel comfortable bringing their problems to us. Robbery/homicide faxed this over. It's a composite of the man seen leaving the side of the San Marcos house murders. Get copies made. Pass it along. If you're here to get an update on Vic, I'm too busy. I'll try to find someone to get you up to speed. Well, I might have to wait a while. Your cupboard down there looks pretty bare. Half my men are out looking for Vic. The other half are helping RHD with this house slaughter. Would it make your life any easier if I could get you additional personnel? Cops I need. A future bill in my mailbox, I don't. You've been captain for a week. Your homicide rate's quadrupled. What are you talking about? The San Marcos triangle's a no man's land between Wilshire, Central and Farmington. The body count should've been divided out in equal percentages. Their Captains managed to dump all 12 on you. How'd they do that? You're low on the totem pole. Just happened. Crime stats will go down. All I need is time to make my input. Actually, things are only gonna get tougher. The Mexican police authority is consolidating three prisons. So any inmates with 3 years or less left on their sentences are being released. Based on their gang affiliations, you can expect a large influx across the border and up in Farmington. Some are probably already here. OK. How does this work? I file the paperwork for a budget bump. As far as the Wilshire and Central Captains, I'll try to persuade them to even out the percentages so that our district doesn't take the entire hit. It's that easy. No. But that's how it is. Now, uh, what can you tell me about Mackey? Jesus, how long does it take to eat a salad? We should be glad she didn't take a dump. All right. She's gone. International prefix. Guardo's in mexico. Goddammit. We're just gonna have to wait then. Not necessarily. We can't rush this. We gotta handle it right. There's an APB out for me. This doesn't wait. Look, neither one of you can be seen with me. That means I gotta do this on my own. Why don't you go back to the barn. Be my eyes and ears. Gather as much intel as you can. You lied to me, Aldo. You told me you didn't know where Guardo was. You keep coming around here asking questions, the salvadorans are going to sniff it out. - You want me killed? - You lie to me again, I'll do it for them. Guardo's in San Miguel. Why? Last favor I have to do for you. Fine. He's bringing a load of scrips out next week. Mexi gangs are making a big play into the game. How long has he been in Mexico? As far as I know, just a couple of days. Where's your cell phone? Now leave the keys and get out. Now get out. I'll return it with a full tank. Where have you two been? Running down that lead for robbery/homicide, what's going on? We called your phones. Why didn't you pick up? We turned them off. We didn't want to blow our cover. The only reason we're here is we heard the APB out on Vic. You got a search warrant for his house? I can't discuss the details. When was the last time you saw Vic? Called this morning. Said he was taking a personal day. Wagenbach and I need to speak with you two. Yeah. Yeah, let's get this cleared up. Your official statement taken the night Lemansky died says neither you, Vic, or Gardocki had ever been to the portillo auto body. Yeah. That sounds right. So why did Vic have a map of the portillo auto body at his house? Emolia told us that Vic was gonna give her $500 to deliver Lem to the salvadorans. We found that exact amount in an envelope with Vic's prints on it. You think Vic set Lem up? You're crazier than that ex wife of his. Emolia made numerous calls to a salvadoran contact prior to Lemansky's death. Emolia was outed as a snitch. She was probably calling to beg for her life. - That doesn't prove anything. - So how do you explain - all this other evidence here? - I don't know! Maybe... maybe Emolia planted it. Or you did. That's... That's gold. Please. Go on. I really want to hear this one. Well, you investigated Vic for six months. You had every resource the department had available to you. You came up with nothing. Now, in the few days after Lem dies, you produce a C.I. Willing to testify against him and the evidence to prove it? Come on, man. Sounds like you know a lot about telling tall tales. Planting evidence. Practice makes perfect, right? Vic didn't kill Lem. He's being set up. Look, it's no secret things ended ugly between Vic and Emolia. Maybe this is just bitch's revenge. So why'd Vic run? Why isn't he here defending himself, answering our questions instead of you? He probably doesn't even know you're looking for him. Dutchboy, come on, man. Are you really buying this bullshit? The evidence is right here. It's right here. The real question is what your involvement is. Vic... It's too late for him. If you tell us where he's hiding, maybe you can save yourself. - Como estas, Niño. - Como estas. Hermano. An old amigo of mine bunkered down in San Miguel. Name's Guardo Lima. I need you to repatriate him to the states. I'm looking for an amigo, too. Byz lat soldier. Rumor is he's in east LA Rocha Garrenzi. Wanted for three murder for hires in Mexico city. Got his address, aliases, why couldn't you bust him down there? He was protected. Married a big shot cattle rancher's daughter. Rocha got tired of milking the same heifer. Took of with their two niños. I know about some mexican drugs coming into town. I might have some leverage. If Rocha's arrested in LA, the case could get caught up in international courts. The mother and rich grandparents are looking for a quicker solution. They're willing to pay. I'll cut you in. What about Rocha? I don't care what you do with him. I just need the kids. I'll meet you back here. Oh, yeah. What did this Guardo do? Why do you want him? He killed my friend. - Yeah. - Hey, it's me. I tried to reach Shane, but he wouldn't answer. Well, he's up in interrogation with Kavanaugh and Dutch. What? What's going on? It's not good. Asher said they found a map of Portillo's auto body in your garbage.</i> Also a matchbook from the shop Emolia's been working at.</i> Someone must have put them there. They're building a case. You gotta get back here and fight it. But they can't prove anything. I didn't do anything. It's one thing to have Emolia's statement. Now they've got corroborating evidence. Just stay put and keep your ears open. Call Reyes' gang task force. You find out which byz lat is the current king shithead over in east LA I'll call back in five. I heard they found evidence on Vic. Yeah. Maybe a little too much. What do you mean? You ever here of Occam's razor? The simplest answer is usually the right one? Good. Now apply that to the Lemansky case. Now all this evidence is pointing to Vic. Occam's razor would suggest he's guilty. Walter Chatton's a contemporary of Occam's. Disputed the razor. Coined his own anti razor. What's that? Chatton believed that the world was too complex. Too many variables to assume that the simplest answer was always the correct one. OK. What do you think is going on? The salvadorans had a contract out on your life yet you never left town. Why not just high-tail it out of here? I won't talk to anyone but Jon. Kavanaugh's not here, and you need to answer my question. Only reason I'm in this mess is because of you assholes. What's this? I'm exploring another angle. I'll catch you up later. Catch me up. Now. OK, we know Emolia was greenlit. What if she was trying to gain favor with Guardo to save her life? Cut a deal with him. They kill Lemansky, she pins it on Vic. Mackey's out there right now, and you're wasting time talking to her. This interrogation, it's over. Uh, no. It's not. I'm not finished yet. We got every cop we have out looking for Vic. Look, private tutoring might buy you favor with your hot unis, but it doesn't get us any closer to scooping up Mackey. If you want to spend your time exploring pot shot theories than doing your job like you were supposed to, we'd have Vic here right now. And not some innocent witness. Come on, Emolia. What's up? I have some concerns about keeping Wagenbach on the Lemansky case. - Why? - I know he's your guy, but we may have a perception problem should this case ever go to trial. How? The defense lawyer could argue... that Dutch's past relationship with Corrine has... strained his objectivity. Dutch is protecting Vic for his ex wife's sake? Their relationship's no secret. They could argue, that... he has a personal stake in this. What about the personal nature of the case with you? I'm still an outsider. IAD is always gonna have an adversarial relationship with the people that we investigate. But the way this case is breaking, with the evidence that we have to back it up... this could be a big win for you. Finally getting Mackey off the street. They're building a murder case against him. And it might actually stick. We can't let him take this hit. And what if, uh... What if I said that I was with Lem or something? You know, had a grenade from the bust. Just went off by accident. Making up some bullshit story is not gonna help. Plus you'd be admitting to aiding and abetting. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We gotta do something for Vic. The longer he's in the wind, the guiltier he looks. Hey, slow your roll, homes. What's your business? I'm here to see Santi. Charley, nobody sees Jefe without an appointment or a warrant. I know the local swines, and I don't recognize your face. I work Farmington. Same place your shipment of mexican scrips is headed to next week. I don't get to break bread with Santi, the scrips are gonna end up in my evidence locker. Hay un placa de Farmington aqui. Sabe de los vales que vien. All right. Let's go. All right. I need your gun. It's city issue. I can't do that. Well, then you can't see Santi. There. No bullets work for you? Take a hit. Relax,ese. No, thanks. I'm good with the contact high. So what brings you to the east side? I need a location on a byz lat still drying the Rio off his back. Name's Rocha. So let me guess, I hand him over, and my scrips make it into town. Great minds think alike. Rocha's valuable to the bosses. More valuable than your scrips? You don't want to bust that shipment, friend. You're not giving me any other choice. You bust it, you're declaring war. Not only on the byz lats, on all the mexi gangs. I didn't know there was a peace. I'm gonna give you some money for your time. You forget my face. And the scrips. I don't need your money. I need Rocha. I'm offering you, an olive branch. If you prefer shock and awe, - I can arrange that, too. - Back off, pendejo. Lil' homie's shitfaced, ese. Junior missed the short bus to school today. Tell him to lower that weapon. I ain't afraid of no cops. I'll do it. You got no bullets,cerdo. All that smoke make you forget? I got one in the chamber, dickhead. Your honeys were too stoned to notice. One of you shoots me, my muscle twitch takes out your bad boy here. So, either you and I are gonna leave this basement together, or we're gonna leave this life together. You decide. Stay back. Back off! You got to the next red to tell me where Rocha is. He's putting a hit on a one-niner. Jumped my lieutenant. Which one-niner? Which one? Which one? It's going yellow! Name's big G. He deals on 8th and Alameda. By Colvin High? When's this going down? Later today. Rocha doesn't show up, or you warn him, and I'm gonna show up with a hell of a lot more than one in the chamber. Now get the hell out! Well, shit, man. At least slow down,ese. - Get out! - Slow down, man! Big G. Man, check y'all Niggaz later, all right? - Yeah, so? - Your lucky day. Someone's planning on killing you, and I actually give a shit. Well, I guess I best be going then, right? You aren't going anywhere. If the killer can't find you, then they can't kill you. And that's gonna be a problem for me. What if this vato does a drive-by & gets some shots off before y'all get to him? This guy's a pro. He's gonna step right up to you, put two in your chest and one in your head. That's supposed to make me feel better? Get back to your spot! - Thanks for coming in. - Two unmarked police sedans have been parked outside my house all day long. I was a cop's wife long enough to know - that there's trouble. - When was the last time - you saw or spoke to Vic? - Last night. He said that someone was trying to pin Lem's murder on him. A warrant was filed for his arrest this morning. For what? For Lem's murder? - He would never in a million years. - The evidence is pointing in that mean. What evidence? Oh, my God. You don't believe this, do you? I mean, there's no way - that he would ever do anything - Kavanaugh has generated some proof. Listen, you need to prepare yourself for this to go either way. You need to start preparing the kids. OK? - Corrine, wait. - What are you doing to my husband, huh? - Your ex husband. - I know you hate Vic, but that doesn't give you the right to destroy my family. Vic had Lemansky killed because he was a threat. The evidence proves it. I don't believe you. I don't believe any of this! Let's go somewhere else, we can talk in private. Get off of me. Where do you want to go, to my house? You want to put your hands all over me again? Lean me up against the door? Try to screw me to get back at Vic? In some demented, twisted way? I only asked you questions. Yeah, right. You used your badge to get into my house, and then you tried to touch me. I didn't feel safe. - Corrine... - No, listen to me. He... He entered my house under false pretenses. And then he tried to sexually assault me. I want to file charges. - Are you sure about this? - Either take my statement, or I'm gonna file charges somewhere else. Just stay there. Drop it! All right. Where are you keeping your kids? Who the hell are you? Your father-in-law hired me. All he wants are the kids. If you tell me where they're at, then I'll let you go. The cavalry's gonna show up any minute. The Moreland motel. Room 8. All right. Good. What about letting me go, man? Yeah. I feel like shit about that. How's Corrine? She's filing charges. Sticking to her guns. Attempted sexual ag. - You believe her? - I believe she believes it. I wouldn't have thought Kavanaugh was capable of something like that. Makes you wonder what else he's capable of. Yesterday, you insinuated Emolia might have been lying. Setting Vic up. Today, not a peep. Why? Maybe considering everything we suspect Vic's done, you see him going down for this as some sort of... karmic justice whether he did it or not. I know he's a bad guy. The evidence is the evidence. It's tempting to let sleeping dogs lie. Especially when the dog's as rabid as Vic. But I've got one chance to right this ship, Dutch. To do it, I have to put an end to a pattern of silent deals and moral exchanges that have steered this place off course. That means to pursue the truth. And the truth only. Yesterday, I thought Emolia was lying to me. I still do. I can't prove it, but I'm starting to think that Kavanaugh is the one that fed her the lie. It's one thing believing Vic's innocent, but to accuse Kavanaugh, of setting Vic up, - that's a whole other can of worms. - He's already lied to me once. He said he met Emolia yesterday at Sid's coffee. I pulled footage from the 101 freeway cam. Sid's is clear. No Kavanaugh. No Emolia. The truth... May not always lead us down the path we want. But it's the only way to fix this place. Get Emolia and bring her back down here. - You brought their mother? - She insisted on coming. Where's Guardo? I'm really sorry. I couldn't get to him. That's bullshit! - You didn't tell me how connected he's. - I couldn't get close enough - to talk to him let alone shanghal him. - I don't giva shit how connected he is! I kept my part of the deal. I expect you to keep yours. He's got too many people on his payroll. - It's impossible. I'm sorry. - Maybe he's got you on his payroll. Look, I'll make it up to you, huh? These people are paying me well for delivering these kids. I'll increase your cut. Plus... - Ask any other favor. - I don't want your goddamn money. I want Guardo! Look, I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do. Goddamnit! All right. Can you get close enough to him to give him a message? I might be able to do that. Then you meet me here in 2 hours. It's nonsense. I'll call you back. Uh, Captain. - Why's Emolia here? - I need to ask her some questions. Great. - I'll come with you. - Uh, I prefer some alone time with her. But you can't question her without me being there. The last time I checked, I was captain of this house not you. You want to watch, there's a front row seat for you in the observation room. It's part of her deal. She's been burned by the people here before. And... I promised I wouldn't leave her alone. Fine. But you just listen. Emolia, I'm the one who said those things about Sebastio. It wasn't Vic. He always took care of you two, you know that. Come on. Emolia, please. Don't do this to him. Emolia. I love this room. It's my favorite one here. It's kind of ugly. Cold. It's not much to look at. But it brings the truth out in people. I fixed a lot of wrongs inside these walls. That's what we do in here, Emolia. Find the truth. I already told you the truth. That bullshit story you've been spinning about Vic? I don't buy it. That's your problem then. Guardo wanted to have you killed, you made up a story about Vic so that you could get witness protection. Now does that sound about right? You can answer her. It's all right. Vic wanted Lem dead. Gave me his location to give to Guardo. That's it. Officer Lowe, Officer Asher, I need you. I want you out this room. That's not gonna happen. - The assistant chief himself... - I don't care what deal you made. Either you leave this room on your own, or I'll have these two officers do it for you. You all right? Yeah. I've red your jacket. You've been in a lot of trouble, but nothing like this pissing match between Vic and Kavanaugh. I'm getting witness protection. Starting a new life. - I'm doing OK. - You're not doing OK. You're trapped. You're scared. You're living in fear. You're ping-ponging between these two men who have done nothing but use and abuse you, and I'd have more sympathy for you except you let them do it for a buck. For my son. Your son? What are you gonna tell your son about this time of your life? That you let Vic and Kavanaugh steal away your soul? Or that you were lost and found the strength to free yourself?</i> I know you're scared. I'd be, too. But I can offer you... a way out... if you let me. - How? - First you have to tell me the truth. You've helped this department out before...</i> and I can see about arranging protection.</i> I'm offering you... a way... to be rid of these men forever. Take it. Because they're leading you down a path that is destroying you... your son... and everything around you. You know it. Everything... is gonna be all right. You're gonna be ok. I promise. I need to, uh... I need to talk to Captain Wyms. I have to talk... - Please. - It's ok. It's ok. But first you got to tell me the truth. I fed her the story. Coerced her statement. Planted the evidence in Mackey's house. But I framed a guilty man. - You guys make sure you weren't tailed? - Yeah. Where's Guardo? Tonio boned me. - Couldn't bag the whale. - Well, what do we do now? Switch bait. Nydia home? Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, man. - What's the plan? - Just follow my lead. - Nydia Hernandez? - Yes. Detective Mackey. This is Detectives Vendrell and Gardocki. What's going on? We have information that someone's planning on kidnapping you. - What? - Our department's been investigating a mexican drug lord named Salceda. An informant of ours... Told us that he's... And we heard he's planning to kill your boyfriend Guardo. To take over his drug protection business. I don't know any Guardo. - You're not his girlfriend? - No. Never heard of the guy. Wow. Then maybe we're looking for another... Nydia Hernandez. Well, I'm sorry to disturb you if you're not his girlfriend, you got nothing to worry about. Wait. Guardo told me never to talk to cops. Why would someone want to kidnap me? It's Guardo Salceda wants. But he's in Mexico. Our C.I. has learned that he plans on kidnapping you to use you as bait to lure Guardo back to LA. We were worried we weren't going to get to you in time. We need to get you into a safehouse while we hunt down Salceda. Well, I should call Guardo. Warn him. No, we don't know who's listening on his side of the line. Our intel says it's an inside job. We have to move you now. - How long is this gonna take? - A day. Two at the most. Ronnie will take you to the safehouse immediately. We'll pack some clothes - for you. Meet you there, all right? - Come on. We better get going. What the hell are you doing? What the hell are you doing? Vic? Just pack. I'll explain later. I never cheated on anything before. The first time I do, I get caught taking the dirtiest man I ever met off the street. You set another cop up for murder. Threw away your career. I fail to see the humor. I guess I didn't have enough practice planting evidence, manipulating witnesses and... - covering my tracks. - You sacrificed your integrity for Vic Mackey. You are better than that. You used to be better than him. I still am. Take his gun and badge. You're under arrest for interfering in police business under color of authority. I assume other charges will follow. Put him in the cage? No. Take him straight to police one. Cuff him in front. Keep it quiet. At least I have Mackey out of my life. He's not my problem anymore. He's yours. What's this? It's the message I want you to deliver to Guardo. A necklace? Deliver it to him in person. You tell him that Nydia's been kidnapped. If he ever wants to see her again, he has 24 hours to get 50 grand in cash, in person to LA. I don't think I want any part of this. Let alone what you do to him after you've got him. - Vic, come on. Think about this. - You're delivering a message. Your involvement ends there. And I'll forgo my cut for the returned kids. OK. You tell Guardo, call Nydia's cell phone when he wants to set the meet. Hey, hey. A ransom? The last thing we need is more dirty money. I don't give a shit about the 50 grand. Once Guardo finds out Nydia's been kidnapped, he'll have to come to LA. Word gets out he can't protect his own girlfriend, who's gonna trust him to protect their drugs? Vic, don't do this. Please. Lem's gone. Nothing we can do can bring him back. You push this too fare, man we're gonna lose you, too. Guardo has to pay. - Where's Nydia? - The bedroom sleeping. This just turned into a kidnapping. What do you mean? Vic sent a message to Guardo. If he doesn't meet us in 24 hours, she dies. What do we do if he doesn't show? Oh, he'll show. This her cell phone? Yeah. If he does show, - What do we do with her? - I don't know what I'm gonna do yet. Vic, this is wrong. You two don't have to be involved in this. Go back to the barn. Keep your distance from me. Good job. How's he doing? He's beautiful. I'll see you. How are you? I'm exhausted. He's been colicky. Keeping me up all night. Well, I do have some good news I wanted to tell you face to face. Any excuse to get out of the house. I need some adult time. You passed the sergeant's exam. - Congratulations. - Oh, God. Bless you. So I start wearing these as soon as my maternity leave is over, huh? The slot's available effective immediately. If you don't take it, your name goes back to the bottom of the list. You mean I have to come back to work right away? Or you pick another slot if it opens up. That's what happens when men make the rules. You sleep on it, let me know in the morning. Hey, either of you two seen or heard from Vic? - No. - If you do, tell him he can go home. Why is that? Because the case against him has been dropped. So, if he is still in the country, tell him he can sleep in his own bed tonight. You're clear. You can go back to work. Just let Nydia go. We got a reprieve. Dutchboy and Claudette saved our asses. Just wake her up and get her out'f here. She's how we're going to get to Guardo. What happened to no more unilateral decisions. Shane's right. I want this guy just as bad as you, - but not like this. This is too risky. - Every second he gets to breathe and Lem doesn't is unacceptable. I'll do it myself. What is your problem? Can you listen to anybody but yourself? Lem wouldn't listen about going to Mexico. He's dead because of it. Is that what you want, man, huh? You want to die? You want to go to jail? You want us to go to jail? Go home. Get some shut eye. I'll guard the fort for the night. I'll just be a minute. You've been a very busy boy. Planting evidence. Coercing witnesses. Assaulting my ex wife. I learned from the master. I told you you weren't ready to play at this level. Wouldn't have mattered even if I was. The truth is... isn't your time yet. But it'll happen. The universe will take out its trash when it's ready. Looks like it already has. You corrupted everything around you. Turned a good man like Lemansky into a thug and a thief. And you got him killed for it. I tried to become you for a minute. But... it wasn't worth it. I'll take my lumps. Go back to my life. But I won't be the one hearing my dead friend's screams in my head. You preach all the existential bullshit you want. But I'm the one going home to my bed while you're still here.